===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Spivak Bernstein, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our first quarter 2025 earnings call and webcast. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all earnings-related materials on our website. Before we begin, please note that our presentation includes forward-looking statements which are not guarantees of future performance and may differ materially from actual results. We do not assume any obligation to update these statements. Investors should consider the risks and uncertainties detailed in our recent SEC filings, news release, and financial supplement, which are available on the Investor Relations section of thehardware.com. Our commentary includes non-GAAP financial measures, with explanations and GAAP reconciliations available in our recent SEC filings, news release, and financial supplement. And now I'd like to introduce our speakers. Christopher J. Swift, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we will take your questions assisted by several members of our management team. And now I'll turn the call over to Chris. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today.
Christopher J. Swift: The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. is off to a strong start in Q1 2025, sustaining the momentum we have built over the past few years. Before I get into the details, let me take a moment to comment upon the macroeconomic environment. We are operating in dynamic times. However, as an underwriting-centric organization specializing in managing risk, we are well equipped to navigate this evolving environment. Our teams are closely monitoring trends and are already taking action to address the impacts of this complex and dynamic policy landscape. With solid fundamentals, a durable investment portfolio, and a balance sheet that is stronger than ever, we remain steadfast in our commitment to delivering strong returns for our shareholders. Now let's transition to first-quarter results. As I mentioned, The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. had a strong start to the year, even in the face of the most destructive wildfires in US history. Disciplined underwriting and pricing execution, exceptional talent, and innovative customer-centric technology continue to drive our performance. Highlights from the first quarter include top-line growth in business insurance of 10% with a very strong underlying combined ratio of 88.4. An underlying combined ratio of 89.7 in personal insurance representing a 6.4 improvement over the prior year, including over eight points in auto. A core earnings margin of 7.6% in employee benefits, which continued to outperform in a competitive environment. And continued solid performance in our investment portfolio. All these items contributed to a trailing twelve-month core earnings ROE of 16.2%. As I dive into the details, let me start with PNC current accident year catastrophe losses which totaled $467 million before tax, including $325 million related to the January California wildfires. Catastrophe risk management strategies and reinsurance structure effectively contained exposure, keeping it well within our market share. While we are pleased with the performance of our overall book of business and risk management program, the losses were significant to first-quarter results. In times like these, I'm especially proud of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.'s claim handlers, adjusters, and leaders. Excluding catastrophe losses, our businesses sustained strong performance in line with or exceeding expectations. Turning to business insurance, results were excellent driven by our industry-leading underwriting tools, pricing expertise, and data science advancements. New business growth remains strong within small middle market where the environment continues to be conducive for growth. As the leading small business carrier, our digital capabilities offer exceptional functionality and ease of use, providing us with a significant competitive advantage in the market. We have successfully leveraged these strengths to enhance the middle market and global specialty businesses. We are going to market as one unified organization to serve the diverse needs of customers and partners with a consistent and top-tier experience. In small business, first-quarter financial performance was excellent with record-breaking quarterly written premium, and double-digit new business growth while extending a nineteen-quarter trend of sub-ninety underlying combined ratios. New business growth was driven in part by strong quote flow and modestly higher average premium, as well as a 29% increase in E and S binding premium, a business where we continue to see tremendous opportunity. In short, small business continues to deliver excellent results with industry-leading products and digital capabilities. We are on track to surpass $6 billion in annual written premium in 2025. Moving to middle and large, we are pleased with first-quarter performance including excellent top-line growth, paired with a strong underlying margin in line with our expectations. New business growth remained strong with contributions from multiple lines and market sectors. We continue to take advantage of healthy submissions driven in part by investments made to expand product capabilities and the efficiency of the broker and agent experience. Written premium growth reflects strong renewal rate execution across most lines including double-digit increases in liability and auto. Shifting to global specialty, results were outstanding, sustained underlying margins in the mid-80s and over $1 billion in quarterly written premium. This impressive top-line performance reflects our strong competitive position, diverse product offerings, and solid renewal written pricing including double-digit pricing in wholesale casualty. Our wholesale business saw an 11% increase in gross written premium with significant contributions from US inland marine, auto, and casualty lines, and the global reinsurance business also grew at a double-digit clip. With a diverse product set, in a generally healthy pricing environment, we remain excited about the growth prospects in global specialty. Across business insurance, combined emphasis on property expansion has resulted in written premium growth of approximately 15% this quarter. We are capitalizing on the favorable market conditions in the SME space with a disciplined approach and no change in our catastrophe risk appetite. As for pricing, business insurance, renewal written pricing, excluding workers' compensation, of 9.9% increased 20 basis points from the fourth quarter. Our pricing execution remained strong including low double-digit increases in general liability and auto, with liability pricing continuing to rise. The team hit the ground running on one-one renewals exceeding liability pricing targets which are comfortably above loss cost trends. In business insurance property, pricing remains healthy in the low double digits driven by 18% pricing increases within our small business package product. In personal insurance, margins continue to improve achieving an underlying combined ratio in the 80s for the first time in three years. We expect target profitability in auto by mid-2025 consistent with our expectations. Having navigated a challenging loss cost environment, personal insurance is now focused on balancing profitability and a pivot to growth in a competitive environment. Our homeowners business had a strong underlying quarter highlighted by a mid-seventies underlying combined ratio. Renewal written pricing of 12.3% driven by net rate and insured value increases continues to support healthy margins while reinforcing our strong position in the market. Moving on to employee benefits. Core earnings margin of 7.6% exceeded prior year by 1.5 points surpassing our long-term target of 6% to 7%. Group life and disability both delivered excellent results. The disability loss ratio reflected nearly 20 points of improvement in paid family and medical leave products and the life loss ratio continued to improve. Modest fully insured ongoing premium growth reflects the competitive environment and strong book persistency which is above 90%. Sales were largely in line with expectations for the quarter. Want to take a moment to highlight ongoing technology investments in employee benefits, focused on superior customer experience and enabling growth. In absence and disability, we recently launched our patented leave lens platform empowering employees to confidently plan for their leave of absence through a comprehensive view of their benefits, available time, and prospective pay while away from work. We also recently delivered a new absence dashboard tool which gives employers dynamic reporting capabilities regarding their employees' leaves of absence. These market differentiating tools in conjunction with recent investments in life claim digital intake provide a holistic suite of new digital capabilities for customers. Additionally, we continue to focus on enhancing data exchanges and integration connections with benefit administration and human resource platforms to drive future growth. We now have over 60 integrations with HR technology partners servicing over two-thirds of our book. And we continue to build our leadership position in this space. For example, we have deepened our partnership with Workday to co-design their new Workday wellness platform which will deliver faster integrations, comprehensive implementation support, and real-time data exchange. With these capabilities and continued investment in the benefits business, we expect to retain our number one disability position and our top five life position while delivering an outstanding user experience for customers and their employees. Moving to investments, the portfolio continues to support The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.'s financial strategic goals performing well across a range of asset classes and market conditions. Beth will provide more details on the performance in the quarter. Alongside strong financial results, the first quarter also marked the launch of our new brand. As we further establish ourselves as an innovative and growth-oriented industry leader, our strategy is intentionally centered on customers and their evolving needs. The new brand celebrates The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.'s strengths built on centuries of trust from businesses, workers, and individuals we support every day. As CEO, I remain honored to lead a company with such a rich legacy and bright future driven by exceptional employees and their unwavering commitment to our customers. Looking ahead, we are expanding digital capabilities leveraging AI, enhancing our product offering, and entering new markets to better serve customers. All these factors contribute to my excitement and confidence about the future of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. as we continue delivering industry-leading financial performance. It is an exciting time at The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. for our employees, customers, distribution partners, and all stakeholders. Together, we will navigate this dynamic environment and seize the opportunities ahead. Now, I'll turn the call over to Beth to provide more detailed commentary on the quarter.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were $639 million or $2.2 per diluted share with a trailing twelve-month core earnings ROE of 16.2%. Although results were impacted by elevated catastrophe activity, including the January California wildfire event, underlying PNC results and employee benefits results were excellent. In business insurance, core earnings were $471 million with written premium growth of 10% and an underlying combined ratio of 88.4. Small business continues to deliver industry-leading results with written premium growth of 9%, double-digit new business growth, and an underlying combined ratio of 89.4. Middle and large business had another quarter of solid profitability with an underlying combined ratio of 90.6 and written premium growth of 9% including record quarterly new business of $188 million. Global Specialty's first quarter was outstanding, with an underlying combined ratio of 84 and a record first-quarter written premium of $1 billion. Written premium growth of 11% in the quarter reflects strong growth across much of the book and solid renewal execution, including written pricing increases of 6.2%. In personal insurance, core earnings for the quarter were $6 million with an underlying combined ratio of 89.7 driven by an improvement of 8.1 points in the underlying loss and loss adjustment expense ratio over the prior year. The first-quarter auto underlying combined ratio of 96.1% improved 8.3 points from the 2024 period, and homeowners produced a strong underlying combined ratio of 75.1. Written premium in personal insurance increased 8% in the first quarter in part driven by steady and successful rate actions. In auto, we achieved written pricing increases of 15.8% and earned pricing increases of 20%. In homeowners, written pricing increases were 12.3% and 14.4% on an earned basis. Additionally, new business growth continues to be robust in both homeowners and auto. Homeowners policy count continued to grow while auto decreased as expected. Effective policy count retention for both homeowners and auto remained flat due to strong but moderating renewal written pricing increases. The personal insurance first-quarter expense ratio of 27 increased from the prior year by 1.7 points, primarily driven by higher direct marketing costs, and to a lesser extent, a higher commission ratio, partially offset by the impact of higher earned premium. Respect to catastrophes, PNC current accident year losses were $467 million before tax or 11.1 combined ratio points including $325 million net of reinsurance, related to the January California wildfire event as well as tornado, wind, and hail events primarily in the Midwest and South regions in the month of March. We are pleased with our robust and comprehensive reinsurance program on both a per occurrence and aggregate basis. As a reminder, the aggregate treaty provides $200 million of coverage when subject losses and expenses exceed $750 million. Total PNC net favorable prior year development within core earnings was $90 million before tax primarily due to reserve reductions in workers' compensation, homeowners, and personal auto. There were no increases in prior year reserves for general liability and commercial auto. The actions we took in the fourth quarter of 2024 positioned us well for 2025, both in terms of the overall adequacy of our general liability and commercial auto reserve and equally important, incorporating these trends into our pricing models. We recorded $32 million before tax of deferred gain amortization related to the Navigators ADC which positively impacted net income with no impact on core earnings. Based on our estimate of payment patterns, we expect the remaining balance of $32 million to be amortized in the second quarter. Moving to employee benefits, we achieved core earnings of $130 million for the quarter. The core earnings margin of 7.6% reflects excellent group life and disability performance. The group disability loss ratio of 69 improved from 70.1 in the first quarter of 2024, driven by improvement in the paid family and medical leave product loss ratio and continued strong claim recovery. The improvement was partially offset by a slight increase in long-term disability incidents compared to the prior year. However, incidence rates remain favorable to long-term historical averages and to our expectations. The group life loss ratio of 79.9 for the quarter improved 2.7 points reflecting lower mortality. Fully insured ongoing sales in the quarter of $381 million combined with increased exposure on existing accounts and excellent persistency above 90% resulted in a 2% growth in fully insured ongoing premium. For the quarter, net investment income was $656 million. The total annualized portfolio yield excluding limited partnerships was 4.4% before tax, 10 basis points above the year-ago period, and 20 basis points below the fourth quarter. The decline from the fourth quarter was primarily due to lower equity dividends, lower returns on public equity-related fund investments, and a modestly lower yield on variable rate securities. Our first-quarter annualized LP return of 3.1% before tax was higher than the year-ago period although returns were lower than the fourth quarter including lower returns in our real estate portfolio and other funds. We continue to strategically manage the portfolio balancing risk while pursuing accretive trading opportunities and in the quarter reinvested at 70 basis points above the sales and maturity yield. Full-year 2025 net investment income excluding LPs is expected to be higher than in 2024 driven by invested asset growth. We expect the 2025 yield XLPs to be generally in line with the yield earned in 2024 as lower yields on variable rate securities are expected to offset increases from reinvesting at higher rates. Turning to capital management. Holding company resources totaled $1.3 billion at quarter-end. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.5 million shares under our share repurchase program for $400 million and we expect to remain at that level of repurchase in the second quarter. As of March 31, we had $2.75 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization through December 31, 2026. In summary, we are very pleased with our strong financial performance for the first quarter and believe we are well-positioned to continue to enhance value for our stakeholders. I will now turn the call back to Kate. Thank you, Beth. We will now take your questions. Operator, please repeat the instructions for asking a question.
Operator: As a reminder, to ask a question, please press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thank you. Our first question will come from Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Great. Good morning, everyone.
Gregory Peters: So the first question I'm gonna ask, as competitive market conditions, in the business insurance segment. Looking at your statistical supplement, it looks like new business both in small and middle market. Was up nicely in the quarter.
Christopher J. Swift: Retention dropped a little bit. So just curious how you are looking at your position in the marketplace. And your outlook for growth.
Morris Tooker: Greg, thanks for joining us today. You are right. We're proud of all our business segments, whether it be small, middle, global specialty, and they're all performing I think, exceptionally well. I'm just gonna ask Moe to just comment specifically on retention. Yeah. Greg, what you're seeing in the IFS is really just a reminder, it's for our guaranteed cost lines in middle and large. And what we are feeling in the quarter, and we've talked about it in prior quarters, was pressure on the workers' compensation specifically. I'm really proud of how the teams navigated. They're just making choices on renewals, but overall, we just feel like this is a competitive market in middle and large. And also what you saw in the quarter was really nice growth overall with a 9% in middle and large. I think what you're feeling is we have the diversification that we've built over in the past decade in middle and large so that when retention is down in workers' comp and workers' comp is really competitive, we have the ability to grow in other areas and still maintain the top line that we're chasing.
Gregory Peters: Good. Thanks for the detail. I guess, you know, in part of your opening comments, you talked about technology. You talked about the digital integration or data integration with Workday. You talked about digital. You know, one of your peers came out with a pretty robust technology presentation as part of their investor day. Several weeks ago. And so I'm just curious about how you're looking at your technology progress and, you know, help us on the outside sort of reconcile what, you know, what's legacy maintenance stuff versus new initiatives that are game-changing?
Christopher J. Swift: Yeah. Happy to, you know, try. I mean, that's probably like a four-hour discussion, Greg. But you know, what I would, you know, just share with you, and I think we've said it consistently before, is, you know, we've been on a journey over the last ten fifteen years of just making basic improvements into our core platforms. And our core platforms in all businesses. And those platforms would be defined as claim systems administrative systems, billing, and remittance, you know, type systems. And then, you know, recently, you know, we've launched a multiyear project, a seven-year project to take all our data and applications, you know, to the cloud. So I think personally, we have the best platform in all our businesses. For personal lines, we have a modern SaaS-based, you know, platform group benefits. We've modernized all our platforms there and taking that to the cloud and Guidewire continues to be our preferred vendor both for administration in commercial insurance as well as you know, claims. So and we spent a lot of money you know, doing that thoughtfully. But, you know, we knew we needed to do it to really have the flexibility in our products and to ultimately drive down our cost. I think what we've been doing of late and of latest, let's say, over more of the last, you know, five, six years is really organizing our data more effectively. We've had more consumer customer-centric digital capabilities. I mentioned all the things that we were doing in group benefits because sometimes there's a little bit of misinformation out there that I felt needed to be corrected. And so, yeah, again, we're investing in our customer experience. We've invested in core capabilities and benefits. And then you know, of late, you know, everyone's been talking about AI. And I'm not gonna talk about it in great detail, but we got three main areas we're focused on, claims, underwriting, and operations. And we will lead the AI implementation for the industry. And all I'd ask you to do is just stay tuned.
Gregory Peters: Makes sense. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: A couple from here for you. First, Chris, Moe, could you talk a little bit about what tariffs could potentially mean for lost costs as you think about it in auto insurance and any area in commercial insurance you're thinking about? I'd be happy to try. Brian. You know, but as you know, I mean, as I said in my prepared remarks, a fairly, you know, dynamic environment and there's a lot of unknowns and uncertainties. So if you take that as sort of the foundation to my comments, you know, I think you know, what our views right now are, you know, that the tariffs probably will affect, you know, the price. Of automobiles, parts, building materials, supplies. And if you think about it, and others have commented upon it, that that should be a one-time event. Know, that sort of step change and then a normal trend would hopefully, you know, continue, you know, from there. I think in personal and commercial auto, I believe our loss picks for Q1 2025 were prudent. You know, which meant we have a level of, you know, conservatism in there. That will hopefully allow us the opportunity to minimize any tariff-related increases most likely in the second half of the year. As it relates to home and commercial property, all I would say is I think our reaction function there is tight and we can react timely. And, you know, obviously make any adjustments in our pricing, particularly in those, you know, products. I think, you know, equally in our personal auto liability, I think, you know, we've worked on our rate filings. Know how to file rates. But more importantly, you know, we've worked on our reaction time there to sort of have a faster cycle time. And I've we've talked about it in the past. I think about 45% of our states, you know, that we operate in require prior approval, but 55% don't. So we can, you know, react in due course once we know what's gonna happen and, obviously, some of the data and the inflationary pressures, you know, start to show up in our data that the regulators expect to see. So I think overall, you know, we're well-positioned to navigate. This isn't you know, anything, you know, terribly new as far as monitoring loss cost trends. But it is an emerging policy tariff environment, so it is somewhat unique in that respect. Think that's what I would say, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Terrific. That was great. And then just one really quick one here. Renewal written price increases in small business, they jump around a little bit. But we saw it go from 7.4% to 6.2%. Is that a mix issue? Or is there something else going there? Yeah. I think I might ask Moe to comment, but that's mostly comp. You know, that's more heavily weighted in the first quarter, but well, you know, ex comp, you know, small business I think, was up pricing was up 12 to 12.9%. So it's still very, very robust, Brian, but little sequentially down due to comp, I think, Moe.
Morris Tooker: Yeah. The only other impact in there, Brian, was our ENS binding was marginally down. Everything else is really strong. The BOP is really strong. Auto is really strong. So we're really optimistic about the pricing that we're feeling in small business in general. Managing comp tightly, and I think you'll see in our numbers really strong growth in the E and S binding. We feel like that's in a really healthy place and we'll continue to push into that space.
Brian Meredith: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from TD Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey. Thanks, and good morning. Maybe just following up on Brian's question with respect to the pricing. As I look at the underlying combined in business insurance, it you know, an outstanding 88.4% underlying combined. It looked like the mid-large kind of sort of let the combined go up by 1.4 points, and then it was helped by small and specialty. Maybe elaborate a little more on the pricing environment. Do you see more pressure in mid and large going forward? And you know, given the resilience you just touched on with small mid and specialty, you know, that remains strong and then net net, are you confident in your underlying combined kinda holding in this vicinity going forward. So you know, maybe a little more on pricing and how it's both areas. And then secondly, how's it gonna hold up over time with this underlying combined? Yeah. I would say, Andrew, first, thanks for joining us. Yeah, what we talked about last quarter and what our objectives were for 2025, I remain highly confident in achieving, you know, the goals that we set out was basically sort of consistent underlying, you know, combined ratios in business insurance between years. Obviously, improvement in personal auto and then in group benefits, we were really focused on you know, getting additional rate into the paid family leave, you know, products that you see the results this quarter. So I'm gonna give you just a couple little high-level comments, and I'm just gonna ask Moe to add anything on business insurance and then Mike Fish anything on you know, group benefits. But the SME space, which broadly defined, you know, I think we're the industry leader. Continues to hold up, you know, very well. If you look at our overall price increase ex comp because comp's got its own dynamics. You know, we increased it 20 basis points to nine nine. And even if I look at know, property, you know, within the SME space, you know, we're up, you know, 18 in property pricing. Overall, GL, including excess and umbrella lines are achieved a 10.5% increase this quarter. I gave you sort of an ex comp small business pricing number that's up, you know, 12.9%. Feel really good about global specialty, you know, up 6.2 in pricing. So giving you just some highlights, you know, to sort of demonstrate, you that we're executing well. The SME market, even in the aspects of global specialty where we play. Is holding up better. It tends to be the more profitable segment, you know, that, you know, we are, you know, one of the leaders in. So Moe, what would you add? And then, Mike Fish, I'll ask you to add some. That was a fulsome response. The only thing I would add, Andrew, is it's a competitive market, we talk about it from quarter to quarter. But we are the underwriters to really right to make the right choices. And I think we again, felt the middle team being really, I think, really strong on the decisions they were making on workers' comp I think we've pointed to our specialty team making the strong decisions on public D and O. That book is less than a hundred million dollars. So they have managed that down. So think where the pricing is not holding up to what we do, our underwriters are making the right choices. I'm really proud of the way they're executing. I think what we're moving into is an underwriter's market where as the market moves and maybe moves a little bit more dynamically, the best underwriters will win, and we hope to be in that population that will continue to outperform.
Mike Fish: Hey, Andrew. This is Mike. I would just, maybe add a couple of comments on the benefits side. So overall, we feel really good about where we're writing business both on the new, you know, sort of new sales front and the renewal front in terms of the pricing. So again, holding on to margin, in particular, we've seen you know, strong disability experience emerge, and so that's some favorable experience we have coming into our book. But again, on the other side, we've got some pressure on paid family leave that we've talked about two or three quarters in a row, and you saw in the quarter really a nice improvement at 20 improvement on paid family leave really driven by rate that we put into the book. We put double-digit rate increases into that book of business about $260 million. So not a large book, but, you know, we put some nice rate action in there, and persistency held up strong in the high eighties. So very pleased with that outcome.
Andrew Kligerman: And then just as a follow-up, and that was very helpful. Moe, you just mentioned underwriter's market, and that kinda contrasts a little bit with net written premium being up an excellent 10% in the quarter for business insurance overall, and it looks like across, you know, all the different areas, Now, Chris, does your high degree of confidence encompass you know, a pretty robust net written premium growth trajectory? Or could that underwriter's market that Moe is talking about start to start to end up with positive about both. Andrew. Not to cut you off, but I feel positive on both. I feel positive that we could continue to grow and capture market share. Market share with our product sets, with our distribution. While being disciplined, as Moe said, from an underwriting side. And I think the strongest evidence of that is, you know, we're shrinking our comp book right now as we speak. Just because we're not getting the, you know, the rate across the board that we want. But Moe, you don't that. Say that conflicting, do you? No. Not at all. I would say, Andrew, in this marketplace, with how much that we have built and in some places we are I think, subscale to what we wanna be. We certainly the flow continues to be strong. We continue to enjoy really strong partnerships with our distribution. We have one, you know, I think a very rare network of distribution partners that few can match. And we feel those partners wanting to consolidate to fewer markets So we are enjoying that as well. So the growth opportunities that are out there, again, subject to the market holding up, we will take advantage of the flow that we see coming through. And where the rates aren't where they need to be, as I said a minute ago, we'll pull back. And I think that's really what I'm asking you to think about is we can and do believe we can do both. Manage the market and grow. And I think that's what the best underwriters in the market will do over time.
Andrew Kligerman: Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Hi. Thanks. Good morning. My first question on the commercial line side, Can you just give provide some color just on where loss trend is across your book. I'm particularly interested if you saw if, you know, you made any changes to your loss trend assumptions in the first quarter.
Christopher J. Swift: Elyse, I would say, you know, we made no changes. Obviously, well-discussed the changes we made in '24 and how that affected the '25 pricing. You could see, you know, what we talked about from an achieved rate. And I think across, you know, the board or achieving pricing ahead of lost cost trends and feel good where we're at. Where we're at right now. Excluding, you know, workers' compensation, which has its, you know, own ecosystem, I think in personal lines, if you well, you asked the BI question, but personal lines has its own. Strong dynamics of getting that, you know, book back to, you know, profitability. So yeah, I feel, you know, feel really good one quarter in. Of how we're executing and feel very confident as I think about the, you know, the next three quarters.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my follow-up, is on personal lines. Chris, in response to an earlier question, right, you were talking about the makeup of your book versus, you know, for states that were you know, file and use versus prior approval, which know, to be indicated, you know, when we you know, start to see an impact of the tariffs, that you guys would, you know, go the route of looking to take price to offset that. Is that a decision that you've made, you know, that you go try to take price? Or, you know, any color that you could provide there. As you think about the potential tariff impacts need for price, right, and you guys just about getting back to target margins in the book?
Christopher J. Swift: Yeah. It's, yeah. It's a good question. Obviously, you know, facts and circumstances will present themselves more clearly as far as options, opportunities. I think the nuance I want you to make sure you hear is that we set loss cost trends and picks, you know, at the beginning of the year that we thought were very prudent. Thoughtful, and provided a range of outcomes. And we have, obviously, the ability then to absorb some level of inflationary tariff, you know, type pressure. But beyond that, yeah, I mean, our goal is to keep up with loss cost trends and earn a risk-adjusted an adequate risk return on our capital deployed. So by definition, if we exhaust all other options, we're gonna have to go back in and tweak rates.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Hi. It's Jane on from Premier. You for taking my question. Guess just quick follow-up on the macro economy environment that you kind of mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're already taking action to address the impact. I know you mentioned some, like, quick reaction time and things like that. As fast as the cycle time. Anything you wanna add besides that? That you already been taking action? Thank you.
Christopher J. Swift: Yeah. I would say it's targeted action in certain lines you know, primarily the, you know, commercial auto, commercial property line. So that's all I'll say.
Operator: Okay. Got it. And then another follow-up question is on small commercial. Small commercial growth is very strong at 9%, double-digit new business increase. Just curious with the rate decelerating how sustainable you believe this level of new business will be? If we enter a more, like, competitive pricing environment?
Morris Tooker: Yeah. I would say this is Moe. I would say that the small business market is holding up really well. We don't see any signs of outside of workers' compensation. In the admitted space that the pricing environment is changing dramatically. We still see combined ratios for the industry that need improvement. Broadly, in the small business space, we're really optimistic about the way the pricing will hold up and our ability to grow market share.
Christopher J. Swift: Ex workers' comp. Ex workers' comp. Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Got it. Thank you. Our next question comes from David Matamaden from Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: I had a question just following up on workers' comp. And I'm just wondering so you spoke about just the pricing pressure on comp across the customer sizes. And how you're shrinking that book now. Could you just elaborate on how much worse the pricing is coming in versus your original expectations for the year? And what was built into your loss fix?
Christopher J. Swift: David, you know, what I would say is it's actually might be, you know, slightly favorable. You know, to what we thought, but still slightly favorable is negative. Compared to, you know, what we planned for in the first quarter. And, you know, we've talked about it before. You know our severity picks. You know, we talk about, you know, generically, you know, frequency, which, you know, generally continues to be positive. But I'd from our expectations and maybe just slightly slightly more positive from a pricing side, Moe, what would you add?
Morris Tooker: No. Okay. I don't think there's anything going on in the marketplace that's surprising us on comp right now. Our retentions are basically on plan across BI. Our rates is, as Chris said, are slightly better than expectations. Our trends are holding up well. The profitability is holding up well. I think it's a competitive market. I wouldn't say that anything you're seeing coming through our numbers is unexpected. Surprising us.
David Motemaden: Okay. Great. Thanks for clarifying that. And then just a follow-up just on business insurance. I was a little surprised we didn't get more expense ratio improvement. Just given how, the growth has been coming in better. I know it takes a little bit for that to earn in, but is that something you think we can see pick up from here, just sort of expense ratio improvement? Just given the growth that you guys have been seeing?
Beth Costello: Hey, David. It's Beth. I think we've, you know, asked answered this question before on the expense ratio that over time, we would expect to see some improvement come through from an operating leverage perspective. But not expecting some dramatic or significant step change. I think it would be gradual. And also, as we've also talked about in the past, we also look very closely at the things that we wanna invest in in our businesses and using those expense dollars appropriately. And that investment is going to help drive our top line, help drive our loss cost, and then ultimately help drive efficiency. So, again, I think it's a longer-term journey relative to the expense ratio. And, overall, I feel very good about where we are today.
David Motemaden: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from BMO. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Maybe just focusing specifically on the lawsuit kind of social inflation lines of business. I know in the sync-up press release, you talked about liability pricing continuing to rise, which we can kind of tease out with the data you gave us. I also know that you know, Hartford's probably in the minority of picking, some of its embedding some loss picks in there that assume kind of low double-digit inflation as well. Do you feel that we're gonna continue to see pricing kind of move north on that line of business, which could offer some potential growth opportunities for Hartford? Or kind of how are you thinking about the dynamics on the social inflation lines?
Christopher J. Swift: Yeah. I think you're referring to just broad-based casualty lines. You know, which Yeah. I would tell you from a trend side, obviously, you know, we made our adjustments, you know, last year, but there's nothing fundamentally changing. You know, right now from an overall trend side that would change our view that social inflation is gonna continue to be a problem for society. It's gonna continue to tax and constrain innovation in my judgment. And we need, as an industry, to continue to fight and get the necessary reforms in place at the state level. And we had, you know, a good win. The industry had a good win in Georgia. You know, with some of its reforms that, you know, the governor put into place. So we feel good about that. But, you know, overall, Mike, I don't see any changing trends. Do you, Moe?
Morris Tooker: No. I just to build on Chris' point in terms of what we're seeing from a rate perspective and what we're driving from a rate perspective, GL accelerated in the quarter. So that's the primary GL. Umbrella was strong and roughly flat, and then our excess lines and again, admitted and non-admitted continue to be really strong. And the teams are making sure that on all the GL lines and the auto lines, that we are getting rate in excess of trend, and that's a key goal for the year.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. That's helpful. Maybe switching gears a bit to ENS. Feel like you all have been taking a lot of share in E and S for a while. I know it's still a small line of business. But you mentioned 29% growth and a tremendous opportunity, I think, the exact wording used in the prepared remarks. Are you able to kind of unpack how what's is it you know, are you kind of using relationships with, like, programized relationships with some of the big ENS carriers, or is this kind of is there any kind of secret sauce or underlying kind of drivers that's causing the market share taking? Yeah. We do have secret sauce, but I'm not gonna talk about it. So, Moe, what would you say? No. I would break it into two pieces, Mike. One, in small business E and S binding space, I think really the secret sauce is us taking all of the technology and tools that have made us so successful in the retail market into the wholesale market. So that is what we continue to do and we continue to open up locations with the wholesale partners. So we are not open we basically do it by location by location. Location by partner. And I think the growth that you're seeing is not only the flow is strong, but we are continuing to open up locations with new wholesale locations. And so, again, I think the summary in the binding ENS space is we continue to be really optimistic about our growth there. Again, predicated on just we're making it easier for our partners to do business with us relative to peers. In the global specialty space where we think it's just a brokerage play, again, the flow continues to be strong. We grew 12% the quarter in that space, as Chris referenced in his opening remarks. There too, we are a very, very strong construction market and a key partner to the wholesalers. And construction liability primarily. What we are doing in that space is more about building out the other lines in the marine, the nonconstruction casualty lines property, And just because of the partnership we've established on the construction side, I think we can continue to grow share in the brokerage space as well. So we're really optimistic about E and S overall. And the continued growth in that space.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Scott from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: One I have for you is on the personal lines business. I mean, it sounded like a bit more focused on growth moving forward. And just wanted to hear about some of the things you're doing, if there's anything specific that you're targeting for us to think about.
Christopher J. Swift: Yeah. I would say, Alex, mean, you know, the first priority remains, you know, the same, you know, getting the overall book back to targeted margins, which we think we're well on track of achieving. By midyear. Particularly in personal auto. Homeowners, I think, has actually performed, you know, very well consistently for a number of, you know, quarters now as a team, you know, keeps pace with the lost cost trends there and elevated, you know, frequency. I think our underlying was sort of in the mid-75ish, which is very, very, you know, strong. Know? But as we sort of alluded to, we are trying to, you know, pivot to growth, you know, particularly as profitability is improved. You know, we do wanna, you know, grow know, our home and auto business. I think we have the platform to do it, which we talked about was Prevail. Prevail's in 44 states right now. Prevail makes up 75% of our new business primarily in the direct channel. And our overall from an overall in-force book prevails now is up to 25%. And the other statistic maybe that we don't talk about that frequently is you know, about 75% of our homeowners book is bundled with auto. Which I think is a high percentage, and we're proud of it. And our sales team, our sales agents, I think, are doing a good job. So I'll look to Melinda to, you know, add any other color at point in time.
Melinda Thompson: Yeah. Thank you. The only thing I would add is that as you know, rate moderates, we certainly expect the pressure on retention to moderate as well, which would lift both premium and policy count growth. And then we've also implemented a number of new business initiatives to stimulate growth as well. So increased marketing spend, both rate and non-rate levers to support that, and then Chris mentioned, the Prevail platform to enable it.
Alex Scott: That's not really helpful. Second question I had is on workers' comp reserves. And so you know, one of the things I've noticed is just your post-COVID accident, your workers' comp reserves, you know, generally just stayed in place while some of the peers have you know, maybe recognized some of the frequency benefits. And so, you know, I get that severity takes longer and maybe there's conservatism there. But I just wanted to understand, like, if like, what's your approach to those reserves? And you know, I get the question sometimes as to whether maybe there's something more problematic there or something like that. And I don't get the feeling that's the case, but I just wanted to sort of dig into that a little and understand the way you all have approached this post-COVID workers' conferences.
Christopher J. Swift: Yeah. Alex, I'll let Beth add her color, but let me just state emphatically. There's no problems. There's nothing problematic. There's nothing you should worry about. And but we feel good about the balance sheet because it's we've worked hard to put the balance sheet in the position that it is today.
Beth Costello: Yeah. I would echo what Chris just said. You know, we are given just the nature of that line of business. We are cautious just to see those reserves season. And, you know, take the appropriate action you know, when we feel comfortable. So the releases that we did this quarter know, were 2020 and prior. We look at our reserves every quarter, and, you know, evaluate anything that, we might need to adjust. But, again, those as you know, those reserves stay on the balance sheet for a long period of time. And, we just wanna be cautious as we think about the more recent years.
Alex Scott: Yep. Totally get it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Cox from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Hey, thanks for taking my question. Just thinking about the investment portfolio, I appreciate the commentary for variable rate decreases to offset higher investment yields. Could you give us a sense of the fixed versus floating breakdown in your invested portfolio?
Beth Costello: Sure. So our, you know, variable our that will be exposed to variable rates are about $6 billion. So think about that as roughly 10%. I would say that if we looked at that over the last couple of years, that's come down a bit. But that's the relative magnitude.
Rob Cox: Okay. Awesome. That's very helpful. And then I just wanted to ask a follow-up on competition in small commercial. Clearly, you all have some competitive advantages in that space, but I just wonder if there any noticeable difference with some of your larger peers getting more interested in the market and just the competitive dynamics? Yeah. I think a lot of people are interested in it, but you know, interest doesn't translate to execution, doesn't translate to history and experience. And know-how. So but it yeah. It's still a competitive market that there's a lot of good competitors, Moe, but we we've been able to be distinctive, you know, for many, many years.
Morris Tooker: Yeah. And I just the only thing I would say, Rob, to build on Chris' comment is the level of investment that we continue to put in every year into the technology, the tools, the agent, the customer experience, it's really hard to replicate. And so once you get that advantage and you keep investing, we expect that advantage to continue for a very long time.
Rob Cox: Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question today will come from Josh Shanker from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you very much for fitting me in. Couple questions about agent receptivity on the homeowners product or is it the Homeland Auto product for that matter? Given your great relationships on the commercial side? Is the pickup swift? Or is it a work in progress?
Christopher J. Swift: Josh, I'm not even gonna respond to that baiting. So, yeah, I would unintentional. Yeah. No. Okay. Very good. I would say, yeah, we're pleased. With the agent channel as it exists today. We've seen nice growth on a bundled basis primarily. And we are turning back on broad-based, you know, relationships you know, that might have been a little dormant, a little it's just dormant. So, yeah, I'm encouraged. About that, and I'm just gonna ask Melinda to add her own color because she's the principal architect of getting back into the agency side of the business in a more meaningful way.
Melinda Thompson: Yeah. Couple of things I would offer. Certainly, we have had an opportunity as profitability has come back online to reengage agents, and there's been a fair amount of marketplace disruption. And so those two things in combination with The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.'s retail brand are certainly an opportunity and a strategic advantage. So we're excited about what we've been able to do and the growth that we're on a relatively small base today. And then as we think about, you know, a broader pivot there is an opportunity to capitalize on our new platform. We look at Prevail, and it brings with it you know, an exceptional product, a platform, and customer experiences. That we do believe can be leveraged more broadly. So if you think about the segmentation, and the transferable capabilities coming to the agency channel over time, we think that that is an opportunity, and we've earned the right to compete more meaningfully in personal lines in the channel.
Christopher J. Swift: So that really, means Josh, is we have some pilots that begin in two states really in the second half of the year, and we'll see how all that goes and keep you posted.
Joshua Shanker: And given that policy count in home is growing as auto continues to decline. But that will hopefully will stop. Is there any risk in writing monoline home? Is that an attractive product?
Christopher J. Swift: It's not our preferred approach. It happens, but it doesn't happen very frequently.
Melinda Thompson: Yeah. Again, as Chris shared, the vast majority of our business is written on a bundled basis in the home, in the direct space and at a growing percentage of our agency business as well. I would say that our homeowners business is performed very well. We're very thoughtful about our growth. And how we think about it on a state basis. So we look at you know, how we want to grow home when we do so, and our track record is very strong. We generated a combined ratio in the low nineties over a long period of time to the last decade or so, and that compares very favorably to the industry.
Joshua Shanker: You very much for taking my question. Have a great day.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I'll turn the call back over to Kate Dorans for closing remarks.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you all so much for joining us today. Please feel free to reach out with any additional questions, and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-31 03:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hartford Financial Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2024 Results Conference Call and Webcast. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on fourth quarter and 2024 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all of the earnings related materials on our website. Now, Id like to introduce our speakers. To start, we have Chris Swift, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer followed by Beth Costello, our Chief Financial Officer. After their prepared remarks, we will begin taking your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartfords prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartfords website for one year. Ill now turn the call over to, Chris.
Christopher J. Swift: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Before beginning, I want to take a moment to address the recent wildfires that have devastated the Los Angeles community. Our thoughts are with all those impacted by this tragedy. Our team on the ground is working tirelessly to help our customers rebuild and recover, and I thank them for their dedication. After Beth and I summarize our outstanding fourth quarter and full-year results, we will then be joined by our business leaders for a Q&A session, including Mo Tooker, who was appointed President, effective tomorrow, February 1. Mo will lead all our P&C businesses and will be responsible for stewarding several enterprise-wide initiatives. Mo is an exceptional leader with a strong reputation for strategic growth, customer-focused solutions, underwriting discipline and building a cohesive culture. He is ideally suited to step into the President role, as we advance our growth and innovation strategy aimed at addressing our customers changing needs. So lets get started. Our fourth quarter results capped off another outstanding year of financial performance and strategic achievements. These results highlight the strength of our franchise, particularly our exceptional underwriting execution, extensive distribution relationships and an unparalleled customer experience. I wanted to extend my heartfelt thanks to our dedicated employees. Your unwavering commitment and hard work are the driving force behind our success. Reflecting on some key achievements from 2024 for both the quarter and the year. Topline growth in commercial lines was 6% for the quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 87.1%. For the year, growth was 9% and the underlying combined ratio of 87.9 was consistent with prior year. Personal Lines achieved 9.3 points of underlying combined ratio improvement in the quarter, including over 10 points in auto. For the year, Personal Lines delivered an underwriting gain, including an auto underlying loss ratio that was one point better than our expectations. We continue to achieve strong renewal written pricing increases across P&C during the quarter, including notable double-digit increases in commercial and personal auto, commercial property, homeowners and general liability. Group Benefits delivered an impressive core earnings margin of 7.8% for the quarter and 8.2% for the year, led by strong life and disability results. And, our investment portfolio continues to generate solid performance. All these items contributed to an outstanding core earnings ROE of 16.7% for the year. Let me dive deeper into the performance of each of our businesses. Our Commercial Lines business achieved significant topline growth, while maintaining highly profitable underlying margins. Written premium growth was driven by strong pricing increases across most lines, double-digit new business growth in our SME focused business and exposure growth that continues to benefit from a resilient economy. As expected, underlying margins for the year were consistent with 2023, reflecting our steadfast commitment to disciplined underwriting, while sustaining industry-leading performance. Favorable underwriting results in property along with strong renewal written pricing execution across all lines offset industry-wide elevated liability severity. Beth, will provide specifics around prior year development in her comments, but I wanted to take a moment to address our general liability reserves. Based on our fourth quarter review, we have strengthened our general liability reserves by $130 million before tax. We believe that we have addressed the most recent trends and have adjusted our ultimate losses accordingly, reflecting the potential for increasing settlement costs due to a higher percentage of attorney representation across all claim sizes and the rise in average settlement rates. Moving into each of our Commercial Lines businesses. Small commercial remains the cornerstone of growth and profitability for The Hartford, setting an industry standard that is difficult to replicate in the market. Im very pleased to share that for the 6th consecutive year, Keynova Group has ranked The Hartford as the number one Small Commercial carrier in overall digital capabilities and important competitive advantage in this market. Our top ranking reflects our commitment to providing exceptional functionality, ease of use and unparalleled support and access to our agents and customers. Our financial performance reflects this top ranking, where we achieved a record breaking written premium of $5.5 billion in 2024, including $1.1 billion of new business, while extending a decade long trend of annual sub-90 underlying combined ratios. With another year of exceptional results and relentless advancement of our capabilities, I remain incredibly bullish on the outlook for our Small Commercial business. Our Middle & Large Commercial organization continues to demonstrate strong growth and underlying profitability. We are capitalizing on elevated submission flow, driven in part by our strategic investments to expand product capabilities and enhance the efficiency of the broker and agent experience. Our investments in Middle & Large Commercial position us well to drive additional topline growth and deliver exceptional results. While fourth quarter new business was slower than previous quarters, full-year performance included strong topline growth and an underlying margin that remained below 90. Written premium growth reflects strong renewal rate execution and a 16% increase in Middle Market new business with robust growth across nearly all product lines, led by construction and marine. In 2025, we expect to sustain our track record of delivering meaningful growth with underwriting discipline. Global Specialty had an exceptional year, maintaining excellent underlying margin performance in the low to mid-80s for the past three years. Our competitive position, breadth of products and solid renewal written pricing drove strong gross written premium growth and record new business. This expansion was fueled by significant contributions from Global Re and our wholesale business. We remain excited about our position in the wholesale market and across Global Specialty with execution that has never been stronger. The transformational work we have done over the last five years has put us in a strong position to accelerate our market-leading competitive advantage, driven by technology, data science and an experienced workforce. Whether in standard lines or E&S lines, we are gaining market share due to our unique underwriting capabilities and strong distribution relationships. Across Commercial Lines, our continued emphasis on property expansion generated 16% premium growth this year. We achieved our full-year goal ending the year with $3 billion in written premium and plan to continue building on this success in 2025. We remain confident that the market conditions support earning strong risk adjusted returns through disciplined underwriting, while maintaining a stable approach to catastrophe risk management. Despite industry-wide elevated catastrophe losses, we are proud that our full-year cat ratio remained flat with 2023 even with our significant property portfolio expansion. Moving to pricing. In Commercial Lines, renewal written pricing in the quarter excluding workers compensation of 9.7% was up 40 basis points from the prior quarter. All in, ex-comp renewal written pricing in Commercial Lines remained comfortably above loss cost trends. Workers compensation pricing was slightly down sequentially. As we look to 2025 pricing, we are focused on keeping pace with loss cost trends. Across Commercial Lines, with our diversified and expanding product portfolio and innovative mindset, we are primed to continue to grow market share at highly attractive margins. Turning to Personal Lines. 2024 was a transformative year, positioning us well for the future. We have positioned the business with new products and capabilities, revamped our operating routine and equipped ourselves with data and technology resources. We have faced business and environmental challenges with unparalleled determination and I want to recognize the teams hard work and commitment to our vision and strategy. For 2024 in auto, we achieved significant rate increases across the book, driving an overall auto underlying loss ratio improvement of 7.3 points over a point better than the high-end of our expectations. As a result of the significant written pricing actions that well earn into the book, combined with moderating severity trends, we expect continued underlying combined ratio improvement to reach the mid-90s during 2025. Our homeowners business had an exceptional year highlighted by an impressive underlying combined ratio for the quarter, the best weve seen in over a decade and a slightly improved cat ratio in a year of elevated industry catastrophe losses. Pricing remained strong all year, outpacing underlying loss cost trends. Substantial investments have significantly improved price to risk matching and enhanced underwriting capabilities that are benefiting the homeowners book more broadly. With our rates in insurance to value keeping pace with loss trend, we are confident about our strong position in the market. Turning to Group Benefits. Our strong core earnings margin in 2024 demonstrates focused execution, a resilient economy, improved mortality trends and continued strong disability results. Group life mortality trends were favorable, though they are expected to remain above pre-pandemic levels. The full-year disability loss ratio of 68%, primarily reflects favorable long-term disability trends, offset by pressure in paid family and medical leave products. These leave products are highly utilized and valued by employees and we are implementing the necessary rate and underwriting actions to improve the margins. Overall, the benefit landscape is evolving with increased awareness of features and benefits, which is positively impacting our supplemental products, such as critical illness, hospital indemnity and accident. We continue to expect the Group Benefits market to remain dynamic with digital transformation, product innovation and increasing customer demands. As a result, we are investing in this business and have a clear roadmap that I am confident will only strengthen our market leadership position. Looking ahead, we expect a modest increase in sales during 2025 and are off to a solid start. Core earnings margins in recent years have exceeded our long-term targets. However, we continue to expect a core earnings margin of 6% to 7% in this business with disability incidence trends returning to historic levels. Moving to investments, the portfolio continues to support The Hartfords financial and strategic goals, performing well across a range of asset classes and market conditions. Beth will provide more details. In closing, excellent fourth quarter results capped a year of outstanding financial performance, positioning us to sustain consistent and superior results in 2025. I remain incredibly optimistic about our future, because 2024 financial results have showcased the effectiveness of our strategy and the value in our ongoing investments. Commercial Lines continues to maintain excellent underlying margins, while delivering robust topline growth. Group Benefits core earnings margin remains outstanding. We have achieved key milestones in our Personal Lines journey and plan to return auto to targeted profitability by mid-2025. Investment income remained strong, supported by attractive yields and a diversified durable portfolio of assets and share repurchases and dividends remain our primary capital management tool. As our businesses continue to generate excess capital, we will proactively manage capital resources to further drive shareholder value. All these factors contribute to my excitement and confidence about the future of The Hartford and our ability to extend our track record of delivering industry-leading financial performance. Now, Ill turn the call over to Beth to provide more detailed commentary on the quarter.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were $865 million or $2.94 per diluted share with a full-year core earnings ROE of 16.7%. Commercial Lines had a strong quarter with core earnings of $665 million written premium growth of 6% and an underlying combined ratio of 87.1. Small Commercial continues to deliver excellent results with written premium growth of 9%, including 22% new business growth and an underlying combined ratio of 86.7%. This is the 18th straight quarter of an underlying combined ratio below 90%. Middle & Large Commercial had another quarter of strong profitability with an underlying combined ratio of 90.2, slightly improved from the prior year and written premium growth of 5%, reflecting lower new business as we remain disciplined, particularly with elevated general liability severity loss trends. Global Specialtys fourth quarter underlying combined ratio was an excellent 83.6 with record earned premium of $865 million. Written premium growth of 3% in the quarter reflects lower new business in primary and excess casualty and from our Global Reinsurance business, which declined 14% primarily due to lower premium in Latin America. Global Specialty written premium, excluding Global Re, was up 6%. In Personal Lines, core earnings for the quarter increased to $155 million including the first underwriting gain in two years with an underlying combined ratio of 90.2%, driven by a 17.3 point improvement in the loss ratio over the prior year. The fourth quarter auto underlying combined ratio of 103 improved 10.5 points from the 2023 period, and Homeowners produced an outstanding underlying combined ratio of 61.7. Written premium in Personal Lines increased 12% in the fourth quarter, in part driven by steady and successful rate actions. In Auto, we achieved written pricing increases of 19.1% and earned pricing increases of 21.9%. In Homeowners, written pricing increases were 13.9% and 14.9% on an earned basis. Additionally, new business growth was robust in both Homeowners and Auto, with Homeowners more than doubling to $59 million and Auto increasing by 18% to $77 million. The Personal Lines fourth quarter expense ratio of 26.5 increased from the prior year by 1.9 points, primarily driven by higher direct marketing costs, higher staffing costs and higher commissions, partially offset by the impact of higher earned premium. Total P&C net unfavorable prior accident year development within core earnings was $97 million before tax, primarily driven by $141 million of Asbestos & Environmental Development. Excluding the A&E development, core prior accident year net development was favorable by $44 million due to reserve reductions in workers compensation, catastrophes, bond, professional liability and personal auto, partially offset by increases in general liability and commercial auto. As Chris mentioned, we strengthened our general liability reserve this quarter by $130 million before tax. This included strengthening to the 2015 to 2018 accident years driven by higher than expected construction defect claim activity in those years. In addition, across our general liability lines, we strengthened the incurred but not reported reserves for more recent accident years as we observed an increase in severity on reported claims above our expectations and anticipate a higher claim severity trend on unreported claims as the industry continues to face increasing settlement costs with rising attorney representation rates and higher average settlement rates. We completed our A&E reserve study in the quarter, resulting in an increase in reserves of $203 million comprised of $167 million for Asbestos and $36 million for Environmental. As I mentioned, $141 million impacted core earnings and $62 million was recorded as a deferred gain, exhausting the ADC cover we have for A&E. As a reminder, we have recorded a total of $850 million before tax as a deferred gain within other liabilities for A&E as of December 31. For our Navigators ADC, in 2024, we have amortized $145 million of the total $209 million deferred gain. Based on our estimate of payment patterns, we expect the remaining balance of $64 million to be amortized in 2025. This will positively impact net income and have no impact to core earnings. With respect to cats, P&C current accident year catastrophes in the fourth quarter were $80 million before tax, which was essentially flat to the prior year and included $68 million from Hurricane Milton as well as net reductions for cats incurred earlier in the year of $18 million. For the year, cats totaled $768 million. We continue to actively manage our cat exposure through aggregation management and underwriting discipline, especially in certain higher risk areas. Additionally, we have a robust and comprehensive reinsurance program on both a per occurrence and aggregate basis. In terms of our catastrophe reinsurance program renewal on January 1, we were very pleased with the placements and terms and conditions for our programs. Our expiring core per occurrence catastrophe protection was renewed an approximate 10% decrease in cost on a risk adjusted basis, which based on publicly available information compares favorably with the overall market and speaks to the quality of our underwriting, strong reinsurer relationships and favorable experience. Additionally, we continue to strategically leverage the combination of traditional reinsurance capacity with the sponsorship of our catastrophe bonds, Foundation Re, to ensure robust and diversified protection for our portfolio. As of January 1, after the reset of our catastrophe bond, our occurrence program provides protection from peak peril up to a gross loss event of $1.5 billion. The majority of that protection is secured on a multi-year basis. We also renewed our aggregate treaty under the same structure and at a favorable decrease in cost on a risk adjusted basis. The continuing strength and diversification of our property, occurrence, and aggregate protections aligns with and supports our strategic growth in property writings. Although it is too early to estimate the potential losses from the current California wildfires, we are closely monitoring the situation in areas where we have insured properties and businesses at risk. Our occurrence reinsurance program includes coverage for wildfires that attaches at $200 million and exhausts at $1.2 billion. Our reinsurance program does include provisions allowing a combination of events subject to hours and radius provisions. We have summarized the catastrophe reinsurance programs within the slide deck. Moving to Group Benefits, we achieved core earnings of $139 million for the quarter. The core earnings margin of 7.8% for the quarter reflects improved life results and continued strong disability performance. The group disability loss ratio of 66.9 compared to 63.6 in the fourth quarter of 2023 was driven by a higher loss ratio in paid family and medical leave products and slightly higher LTD incidents in 2024 after two years of all-time historically low incidents, partially offset by favorable long-term disability claim recoveries. The group life loss ratio of 79.9 for the quarter improved 3.1 points versus prior year, reflecting an improving mortality trend. The Group Benefits expense ratio of 26.7 increased 2.5 points for the quarter, reflecting higher staffing costs and increased investments in technology. Fully insured ongoing sales in the quarter of $68 million combined with increased exposure on existing accounts and excellent persistency above 90%, resulted in a 1% growth in fully insured ongoing premiums. Turning to investments, our diversified portfolio continues to produce solid results. The overall credit quality of the portfolio remains high with an average credit rating of A+. For the quarter, net investment income was $714 million. The total annualized portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships, was 4.6% before tax, 10 basis points above third quarter. We continue to benefit from higher reinvestment rates and accretive trading activity earning into the portfolio. The fourth quarter reinvestment yield continued to exceed the sales and maturity yield. Looking forward to 2025, we expect net investment income, excluding LPs, to be higher, driven by an increased level of invested assets resulting from continued growth and anticipate yields to be marginally higher than 2024. As expected, our fourth quarter annualized LP returns of 6.4% before tax were higher than previous quarters. We continue to anticipate LP returns to improve in 2025, exceeding 2024 on a full-year basis. Turning to capital, as of December 31, holding company resources totaled $1.3 billion. For 2025, we expect net dividends from the operating company of approximately $2.5 billion a 9% increase over 2024. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.4 million shares under our share repurchase program for $400 million, and we expect to remain at that level of repurchases in the first quarter. As of year-end, we had $3.15 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization through December 31, 2026. To wrap up, 2024 business performance was excellent and we are well-positioned to continue to deliver on our targeted returns and enhance value for all of our stakeholders. I will now turn the call back to, Susan.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: We have about 30 minutes for questions. Operator, can you please repeat the instructions for asking a question?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Kligerman from TD Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. First question, and hate to even bring this one up because the quarter was so darn excellent, but the prior year development of general liability a $130 million, could you break out that mix between the 15 and 18, underwriting year construction defect policies versus the, IBNR on the more recent accident years? What was the mix there? And then with that, really curious about how confident going forward you wont likely need to take other GL charges because, I think with construction defect policies, and correct me if Im wrong, the pricing now is much higher for labor and material loads, as thats probably the reason for 2015 to 2018 charges. So, Im kind of curious on, construction defect in particular, but I think those are much tighter policies today.
Christopher J. Swift: Andrew, thank you for joining us for the question. Let me give you some context and then Ill ask Beth to add her commentary on the splits by year. So, youre right, we made a move on our reserves and added $130 million in PYD across number of accident years in Product Lines. And, we also did a little move in commercial auto. So, I think what I really want you to know and you said it, with this move and Beth will explain more on some of the approach changes that we made this quarter, I feel highly confident that we put a good, if not all, a good chunk of this behind us. And, weve been working hard at getting our reserves right every quarter, but more importantly pricing our products for the new trend to make sure that were improving our economics into the extent possible. So, on the PYD side, Im highly, highly confident. I think the implication though there is, we also then needed to take a move on our 2024 accident year where we added about one point on a year-to-date basis to our expectations for GL. So, we needed to then true-up 2024. And then as we looked at 2025, I could share with you that we have these higher loss cost trends in our assumptions. The team, our underwriters are already reacting with increased pricing, really effective one-one and will continue throughout the rest of the year. So comprehensively, I feel like we got our arms around it and are hitting the ground running as hard as we can in 2025. And, if I put that all in context for you Andrew, of all people gets it is, I do believe we can generate margins that are consistent with 2024. And, thats ultimately the proof of all our actions, all our strategies, all our ability to execute at a high-level. And, I think thats an important data point for you and others to hear. So, Ill ask Beth to do the splits and any other commentary shed like to make.
Beth Costello: Yes. Thank you, Chris. So, as it relates to the liability reserve increases between sort of the older accident years, the 15 to 18 and then more recent years, Id say the split is roughly half-and-half. And Andrew, I would agree with your characterization on the older years that that really is related to sort of increased costs that have happened. Think of sort of post-COVID and the inflation that weve seen. That really is related to legacy book. And, as weve talked about in the past, weve made adjustments to those reserves. Thats a book that weve done significant re underwriting on and really feel thats contained in those years. The more recent years that activity I would characterize is more related to social inflation. And, as it relates to how we approach the reserve increases this year, this quarter, I would say we did a little different approach. In the previous quarters when we had PYD in the general liability lines, we were reacting to the elevated activity we were seeing. We were adjusting that accordingly. And, if we had followed that same approach this quarter, I think our reserve strengthening would have been more consistent with what we saw in previous quarters. But given that it was another quarter of this elevated activity, this quarter not only did we react to the observed activity, we also increased our severity assumptions going forward for unsettled and unreported reserves resulting in a larger increase to IBNR. And as Chris said, we also incorporated these estimates into our 2024 accident year. So, when we step back, when we look at the actions that we took for prior years, the actions that weve taken in the current year, we think this positions us very well going into 2025 both in terms of the overall adequacy of our GL reserves. And equally important and Chris comments on this, but I want to reemphasize it, these trends are incorporated into our pricing models going forward and thats what our business leaders are executing on with the goal of getting pricing increases above these loss trends.
Andrew Kligerman: Very helpful. And, just quickly on net written premium in commercial. Small Commercial was a really strong 9%, Mid Large was 5%. And I think last year, there was kind of a disconnect on, or there was some underperformance of some of your competitors and you were able to capitalize. So, I want to understand, do you still have that momentum in Small Commercial in that upper-single-digits? And then, with Mid to Large at 5%, I think in the past, Mo has talked about the lower-end of Mid being pretty robust, just like Small Commercial. So, how sustainable is the mid-single-digit in Mid, Mid Large net written premium growth?
Christopher J. Swift: Andrew, Ill start and then ask Mo to comment. So, I think on an overall basis, if you look at the components of commercial, particularly on a year-to-date basis, we feel really good about the growth, the execution, how were capturing additional market share. So, nothing philosophically is going to change in our approach other than we just need to continue to be disciplined from an underwriting side. And yes, from quarter-to-quarter you could have some variations, its a competitive marketplace, others might lean in a little bit more to us. But, I really would want you to know. Yes, we want to grow and capture more market share and serve more clients and serve more of our agency needs, but only in our terms and conditions and with the proper underwriting and proper pricing. And, I think thats really whats reflected in this quarter. But, Mo, what would you add?
Morris Tooker: Yes. Maybe Ill take it a little bit deeper, Andrew. I would say that the Small Commercial just had a terrific year, I think 9% overall, new and renewal strong, the flows continue to be really good. And, this is especially in the face of some disruption around us over the past couple of years, and I think the team has really been measured in the way theyve grown so that we can be consistently growing going forward. So, I think really what you saw in the quarter was our strategic advantage is showing through. Thats our investments in technology, helping the customer and the agent get things into the system easier to data advantage. And then all on top of that for small, I think we just had a really good year on the E&S binding front and they will continue to push into the E&S space, because we think we can bring our same strategic abilities into that space. Middle & Large Commercial is a little bit of a different story. Were really happy there too with the 9% for the year, but the market is competitive and the team there has really tried to stay disciplined. And, what we saw in the quarter was a little bit more of a competitive market, especially in the workers comp, the GL and the umbrella space. And, were just going to make choices on that and thats what the team did. I was really proud of what they did. But I will kind of echo Chris comments. I think its an out of pattern quarter. We still see submission flow really good into the Middle & Large Commercial space, especially in the lower-end to your point. The market is broadly supported from a pricing perspective. And again, the investments that were making in that space, were trying to take all that advantage we have in Small into the Middle space. And we think that just allows us to gain market share in the Middle Market space over time. So again, I think two different stories, but confident about our ability to grow it and grow market share over time.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. Good morning. First one to, Beth, I was trying to get a baseline on kind of what the underlying loss ratio looks like in Commercial Lines with some of the antidotes you were talking about. So, what was the kind of favorable non-cat kind of property loss? And then, any current year development when you increase at IBNR anything from 2024 that may have impacted it?
Christopher J. Swift: Brian, if I understand your question and Beth can add her commentary. I think what I said in my commentary was for the GL line, it was a one point true-up on a year-to-date basis for the elevated combined ratio given some of the things we just talked about from PYD, its probably 2.5 points in the quarter on a comparable basis year-over-year. And then, youre also asking about property, I think I heard.
Brian Meredith: Yes, yes. I think you mentioned that non-cat weather was a little bit favorable this quarter.
Christopher J. Swift: Right. So, I know youre jumping and trying to get numbers from me. So I would say, yes, I would say on a year-to-date basis compared to prior year, our non-cat property experience is about 0.9 point better than we than prior year. And from an expectation side, its probably 1.5 points, a little better than our expectation. But, Beth?
Beth Costello: No, I would agree with that. And as you know, a non-cat property can obviously bounce around quarter-to-quarter. But, looking at the numbers that Chris just quoted relative to the prior year, Id also say that we did take underwriting actions in 23 on our property book. So, some of that we would expect would continue to benefit.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Thats helpful. And then Im just wondering, is it possible to give us a little more color on perhaps exposure to the LA wildfires here kind of what your share in the area is? Do you have commercial exposure with your Small Commercial business? Do you think youre going to hit your cat reinsurance programs here?
Christopher J. Swift: Yes, Im going to, Beth and I tag team and I would say, I think youre very observant that this is for us going to be both a Commercial Lines event and a Personal Lines event. If I look at our Personal Lines market share for home and auto and because obviously some cars will also be damaged, were less than 1%. Weve managed California very tightly, I would say over the last seven or eight years Beth with concentrations of risk that we had in certain zones that we needed to remediate. So, Personal Lines obviously what will have some losses. And then, our bigger market share is in our Middle Market book and our BOP product, Small Commercial. So, we do have larger market share there. Well have to see how things develop. And, we just been recently been able to get on-site and start to do more inspections. We have our reinsurance business that will have a little bit exposure and then well have to see what the FAIR plan does with any assessment. So, instead of just putting numbers out, we really wanted to just be more deliberate and thoughtful and when were ready, Brian well share with you what we believe and see. So Beth, what would you add?
Beth Costello: Yes. So again, maybe to put it in context as you asked to our reinsurance program. As we sit here today and we look at our exposures, as I said in my prepared remarks, our first part of our per occurrence coverage starts at losses once theyve reached $200 million. So that first layer, we have $150 million of protection in excess $200 million and we retain 60% of that, 40% of that is reinsured and very likely that we will be in that layer. The next layer then comes in at $350 million. That layer again provides $150 million excess of $350 million. We retain 25%. We reinsure 75%. Sitting here today, its not entirely clear that well be at that level. We could very well be below that. Again, all of that would exclude Global Re. Global Re has its own retrocession program. That program attaches when U.S. property losses hit $60 million and right now wed expect to be below that. So, hopefully that gives you some context of just how were framing it. And, the last thing Ill just remind you of is that, as it relates to wildfire losses, up to losses of $350 million excluding Global Re, those losses would count towards our aggregate treaty, which again attaches similar to last year at $750 million.
Brian Meredith: Great. Great color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is on group disability. The loss ratio kicked up by three points from last year. I was hoping to get a sense how much of that was driven by paid family and medical leave versus higher LTD incidents?
Christopher J. Swift: Elyse, thanks for joining us. I would say when we characterize our LTD excuse me, our disability book, it includes both the LTD portion, the STD portion and then obviously some of our new paid medical and family leave products. So, on a call it year-over-year basis, I would say that the PFML incident trends that are elevated is creating three points of that difference. Our long-term disability incidences, one point and then the offset to that is our recoveries or terminations are probably one point better. So, thats the step between years I would have you to think about.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then, my second question is on the kind of the high-level view you provided on Commercial Lines for 2025. Chris, I think in response to an earlier question, you said kind of like flat, underlying combined ratio and you pointed to that contemplating continued higher GL picks. But, then you guys did say that there was 1.5 points of favorable non-cat in 24. So, you assuming that, that normalizes like and reverses in your outlook for flat margins in 2025? And is there anything else we need to think about kind of when thinking about commercial margins in 2025?
Christopher J. Swift: Yes. I would say, again, you heard it right. I think were ending the year at 87.9 on an underlying combined ratio in Commercial Lines. And I think we can produce a consistent result in 2025. Thats what I want you to hear. And, if you want to do all the pluses and minuses by product line and things like that, Im not going to do that. Im going to tell you that, thats what were going to deliver in totality with a diversified product line point of view, executing strongly, particularly in the general liability lines. And, if theres returns to normal or if theres additional benefits that were able to get that will all be part of the results that well communicate quarterly to you on it, but Im not going to get into a reconciliation by product line.
Elyse Greenspan: Got it. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Huang from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bob Huang: Hi. You might have addressed this, so apologies if this is a little redundant. So, if we think about the GL reserve charge this quarter and the two smaller ones in prior quarters, can you maybe help us get a sense of how much of loss picks would have gone up from the initial loss pick assumptions for the year, like just for the entire book? Yes, that will be the first question.
Christopher J. Swift: Yes, I think Bob, thanks for the question. Its actually a good one. All Im going to ask you to do is wait until we file the 10-Ks and Schedule Ps and youll see it there, Beth, you want to add any color right now. But I would say that the overall trends, Bob, that weve talked about as far as attorney rep rate, slip and falls in certain areas, just the dollar levels of to settle some of these cases, the time limit demands that the Planet Bar uses to sort of jam us. I mean, that is generally consistent and nothings changing. And as Beth said, what we did take is just a more holistic approach to estimating that these trends most likely will continue and thats whats reflected in the charge. But, Id ask you just to wait for the K and the Schedule Ps to be filed and you could see those trends.
Bob Huang: Okay. Got it. My follow-up is Group Benefits. One thing you previously said was moderating incidents and fast claims recovery really drove a lot of the outperformance in the prior quarters, especially in long-term disability. Now, it does look like its changing this quarter to be a more normalized trend. Is there like how should we think about what is a normal run rate for that long-term disability business in terms of incidence and claims recovery knowing that the last two years was abnormally low?
Christopher J. Swift: Yes. Ill do my best to try to explain that to you. And then, Im going to ask Mike Fish to add his commentary. I would first start with saying that, remember, lot of our LTD, our clients and policies have 90 day or even 180 day elimination periods. So, really the last two quarters of the year, were not out of elimination periods, and were still sort of in pick. And, when we look at sort of trends in totality, those were some of the judgments we always make. And from quarter-to-quarter, we might make judgments that are different on whats emerging versus whats still in pick. So, I would say though that overall, over the last two years, our disability incidence trends have been like at all-time lows and rock bottoms. And, what were beginning to reflect now is just a, Ill call it a more normalized return to mean assumption, so that we dont get caught short in any of our reserving positions here. So, those are the two components I would share with you and Ill ask Mike to add any of his color.
Mike Fish: Chris, I think you captured that well. The only couple of items that I would add to your point on what we saw with historically low incidence levels and that was early back in 2022 and 2023 accident years. And, when we look at that and we look at where were running more recently, I would say our recent experience youre seeing here in the quarter would correlate back to about a five year average of incidence historical sort of average. And, thats about where we set our pricing. So as you know, weve got rate guarantees generally two, three or maybe beyond three years. So, were looking at a longer-term average around both incidence and recovery. So again, I just leave you with incidence rates more recently trending back to a historical five year average. And then, our recovery experience has been very favorable. Our team does an outstanding job on the claim side and we expect to see strong performance moving forward.
Bob Huang: Okay. Thank you for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Thank you, Chris, Beth for all the detail on the cash flow stuff. One more question, its more philosophical. I think that youve gotten yourself comfortable that youve put this issue to bed. Generally, putting something to bed means that youve put a layer of caution on top of something beyond your best actuarial estimate of where it is, so you dont have to revisit that again. But, I know that youre always trying to get to the best number. In the grand scheme of things, $130 million is not a lot of reserves given the size of your general liability book. Have you done something differently other than given the data you have gone to the most precise number you can? Or have you put a layer of caution on top of the number?
Beth Costello: Well, Josh, I dont know that Id call it caution. But as I said in my response to the first question, we did evaluate the reserves a little differently this quarter. And, thats why the reserve charge was higher than what youve seen in previous quarters. So, Ill leave you with that. That was how we have evaluated sort of the current trend and an expectation that that trend will continue. We have included that in our estimate for prior accident years. Weve built that into our call for the 24 accident year. And as I said, its built into our pricing models, going forward.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And then, on the Personal Lines business, I see youre growing in homeowners, still leading from auto. To the extent that the product design, is it generally designed to be sold as a home auto bundle? And, is there any risk of adverse selection selling monoline homeowners?
Christopher J. Swift: Thank you, Josh for seeing the improvement that Melinda and the team have made there. So, I think were in a good position. Ill look to Melinda add her color, but I think right now we probably bundle 75% of our homeowners business with auto. Were not a big monoline homeowners player. We do it on occasion, particularly as our agency channel is being revived a little bit with an older product. So, thats what I would say. But Melinda what would you add?
Melinda Thompson: Yes, I think were really proud of the performance of our home business as evidenced by the results this quarter and on a full-year basis. And, if you look at our home business over a long period of time, weve generated combined ratios in the low-90s which really compares favorably to the industry. So, as we think about the performance, the investments weve made and the products and capabilities, we believe we can grow the business with our auto and where we write at monoline do so in a way that is judicious and thoughtful.
Christopher J. Swift: And Josh, I would just add one last point. I think the team led by our risk management team, our underwriters have really taken to heart modeling sort of on a by payroll basis. All the things that could go wrong from a weather, from an earthquake, from a wildfires as were seeing. So, I really have the utmost confidence in the improvements weve made one in our modeling, our risk selection, matching price and risk and Id like the opportunity to continue to grow thoughtfully in the homeowners market because again its a needed product. Theres a lot of disruption in those marketplaces, but were going to be continue to be cautious and thoughtful, but I think we got a pretty good track record.
Josh Shanker: Thanks. I know youve been putting in a lot of work. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Motemaden: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I had a follow-up question on the general liability reserves and I appreciate it sounds like you guys took a more proactive approach on the reserves this quarter. I guess, Im wondering now after the changes youve made, what sort of severity assumption you guys are embedding in the reserves on the more recent years? And, what you guys are thinking going forward in 2025?
Christopher J. Swift: Yes, David, its Chris. I would say in aggregate when you think about sort of liability lines, I would say were in low-double-digit range currently. Some of the primary lines of business might be a little lower in our general industries and then the umbrella and the excess might be a little higher sort of even in the 15%, 16% range. But, I would say for the recent year, were probably exiting low-double-digits in aggregate, and thats what we need to react to from a pricing side. Thats already baked into all our pricing models that our underwriters are executing to beginning here in January. And, thats the mission for next year, particularly in any liability line, including commercial auto. We got to stay up with these elevated loss cost trends. And, I know the team knows how to do that very, very well in an empathetic way, while still taking care of customers and agents. But, we got to protect our margins.
David Motemaden: Got it. Understood. And then, just another question and I guess this ones a bigger picture question just in terms of the reserving process. Could you guys remind me when you first started recognizing this impact of hiring attorney rep? And I guess, have you have you guys changed your approach, to just detecting these trends over the last year or so? Im just wondering if theres been anything that that you guys have done that might be picking up on it a little bit more than in the past.
Christopher J. Swift: Yes, I wouldnt say theres anything dramatic. I really thought the question was just meant to torture us David. But, I think our listening post what were doing with our claim lawyers, our claim teams in totality, theres nothing I dont think we missed per se. I just think its a magnitude of sort of some of the strategies that the plant at bars uses particularly with time, bar demands. And again, thats you get into, if you get that wrong, I mean the potential magnitude is really greater on a claims side. We saw much more, Ill call it just basic slip and fall activity as we talked about in the past. So, I dont think theres anything that were missing. If anything, maybe we were just a little too optimistic on how severe these trends were going to be and how long they were going to continue. But, thats what I would say. Beth?
Beth Costello: Yes. The only thing I would add to that, David, is that last quarter we talked about the fact that we saw activity that was above our expectations. So, the notion around increased attorney rep to increase severity, and some of that was built into our assumptions. Its just last quarter when we, as Chris pointed out, when we saw actual activity coming in, time limit demand and attorney rep rates changing from what our expectation was, thats when we made some of those adjustments. And, I think we commented on this last quarter that when we look overall at our general liability business, weve definitely seen a decrease in frequency over the last several years. So, that points to a lot of very favorable underwriting actions that weve taken. What we were seeing though is that when we broke out the categories of claims into no attorney rep, attorney rep and litigated, all three of those buckets from a frequency perspective were coming down. Its just that the frequency decrease was higher in the non-attorney, non-litigated bucket than some of the other buckets. And that, again, these claims have seasoned, became more evident in the last quarter or so.
David Motemaden: Understood. Thank you. I appreciate that color.
Operator: Our last question today will come from Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gregory Peters: Good morning, everyone. Congratulations on your promotion, Mo. In your comments, you spoke about the increase in the expense ratio in Personal Lines. I was wondering if you could unpack whats going on there a little bit in more detail. Just its kind of counterintuitive given the amount of premium and rate increases are flowing through and some of the new business restrictions that have been put in place prior to see your expense ratio going up if that makes sense?
Christopher J. Swift: I think Greg, Ill ask Melinda to add her color. It could be a little bit of mix, right, as we mix in a little bit more agency. And, were still investing in the platform somewhat. Were at the tail end of the direct response rollout of prevail. So, thats in 45, 50 states. And, we are contemplating a broader agency strategy that were spending some money on. Melinda, would you add anything else?
Melinda Thompson: Yes, just maybe, sorry, I just want to revisit some of Beths comments because she alluded to the themes earlier. In the quarter we were up about two points. That was largely driven by marketing and by higher commissions and the premium growth that we are driving certainly over time and the PIP growth that we are seeing in home thats all come with investment and new business growth. And so, marketing spend and commissions are the primary driver in the quarter.
Gregory Peters: Got it. And, I guess a reserve question, but in an entirely different subject area. Everyone seems to be still taking A&E reserves and this is like this number goes away. Do you have some perspective like on outstanding claim counts as you would think that this would start to subside, it just doesnt for the industry and for you guys?
Christopher J. Swift: Thats a hell of a last question, Greg of the day. So, I would share with you just a high-level observation and Beth can add hers is. I think frequency of claims is coming down, particularly in the MISO area. But, severity is going up as again the plaintiffs is trying to extract the same amount of economics or greater economics per claim than sort of the older days. So, yes, Im hopeful that at least the frequency trends could continue and well try to manage the severity trends as best way we can. And yes, thats why we did the A&E cover years ago when we did. Obviously, we fully utilized it, which turned out to be a good trade for our shareholders. And, well just manage it the best we can going forward, but its a continuing issue for sure.
Beth Costello: Yes, I dont think Id add too much to that. I mean, obviously, on the frequency piece, some of it is a little bit of just what our expectations were. So, you might see a little bit of a decrease. We would have expected maybe more. And so, some of that impacts our study each year, kind of where our particular insureds and the insurance that we provide for particular insureds, where that shows up sort of as we do the ground up study by insured and that can change year-to-year. We had a little bit more activity that we saw on accounts where we just had a little bit more exposure than some of the others. And then on Environmental there, we had a little bit of just increase in remediation costs, one coming from a coal ash claim and things like that. So similar themes, I would say, to what weve seen in the past.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: We are out of time for questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Susan Spivak, for closing remarks.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you for all joining us today. And as always, please reach out with any additional questions. We look forward to seeing many of you over the next coming week and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hartford Financial's Third Quarter 2024 Results Conference Call and Webcast. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on third quarter 2024 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all of the earnings-related materials on our website. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. To start, we have Chris Swift, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Beth Costello, our Chief Financial Officer. After their prepared remarks, we will begin taking your questions. Also to assist us with your questions are several members of our management team. Now just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures are also included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on the Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Before we discuss our results, I want to extend our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by Hurricanes Milton and Helene. These storms have been wide-ranging and devastating. In times like these, I'm especially proud of the Hartford's claims handlers, adjusters and leaders. Our team is working tirelessly to support every customer impacted by these storms. Turning to our results. The Hartford's third quarter performance is a powerful example of sustained financial excellence, even in the face of industry-wide elevated catastrophe losses, and liability severity trends. Our excellent performance reflects the effectiveness of our strategy and ongoing investments to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace. We remain focused on disciplined underwriting, pricing execution, expanding product and distribution breadth, developing exceptional talent and delivering a superior customer experience. Highlights from the third quarter include top-line growth in Commercial Lines of 9% with double-digit new business growth, strong renewal written pricing increases and a very strong underlying combined ratio of 88.6. Personal Lines top-line growth of 12%, with over 5 points of underlying margin improvement, an impressive Group Benefits core earnings margin of 8.7% and continued solid performance in our investment portfolio. All these items contributed to an outstanding trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 17.4%. In addition, yesterday, we were pleased to announce an 11% increase in our common quarterly dividend payable on January 3, 2025. This is a continuation of our track record of annual dividend increases and another proof point of earnings power and strong capital generation. Now let me share a few details from the quarter. Commercial Lines continues to produce excellent results with strong top-line growth and an underlying combined ratio below 90% for the 14th straight quarter reflecting our industry-leading underwriting tools, pricing expertise, and data science advancements. New business growth in small commercial and middle market was once again well into double-digits. Retention was steady and the environment remains conducive for growth. As I've highlighted in the past, the breadth of our product offerings, extensive distribution network, and strategic investments in technology allow us to provide comprehensive and tailored solutions, which gives us a competitive advantage with small-and-medium sized enterprises. Our emphasis on ease, simplicity, and speed ensures that our customers and distribution partners experience seamless interactions and quick response. The strength enable us to offer more precise and competitive pricing, enhancing our market position. Additionally, our product capabilities help us to support customers as their businesses grow. We expect to continue to gain market share, while maintaining highly profitable margins. A prime example of Hartford's SME market leadership is our small commercial business, which once again had an outstanding quarter with strong top-line growth and margins. New business premium was up 26% in the quarter, in part driven by a 31% increase in quotes and a doubling of E&S binding premium, a business where we continue to see tremendous opportunity. We take pride in our robust business system and associated insights, which drives our rate strategy and segmentation, giving us significant edge that's a challenge for others to match. With another quarter of exceptional results, and relentless advancement of our capabilities, I remain incredibly bullish on the outlook for our small commercial business. Moving to Middle and Large Commercial. Third quarter performance was strong including 8% top-line growth, paired with an underlying margin that has consistently hovered around 90% or better for the past eight quarters. We continue to take advantage of elevated submission flow driven in part by investments made to expand our product capabilities and the efficiency of the broker and agent experience. Written premium growth reflects strong renewal rate execution along with a 28% increase in middle market new business with growth across nearly all products led by property. We have built a track record of delivering meaningful growth, while consistently maintaining underlying margins, a result we expect to sustain going forward. In Global Specialty, we achieved excellent results with underlying margins in the mid-80s and a record quarterly earned premium approaching $850 million. Strong top-line growth reflects our competitive position, diverse product offerings and solid renewal pricing. Gross written premium growth of 9% was driven by a 17% increase in our wholesale business, including 10% in property as well as significant contributions from auto and excess casualty and global reinsurance. Across Commercial Lines, our continued emphasis on property expansion has resulted in premium growth of approximately 20% this quarter, putting us on track to achieve our full-year target of $3 billion. We remain confident in and continue to capitalize on market conditions that support earnings strong risk-adjusted returns through a disciplined strategy, while maintaining a stable and consistent approach to catastrophe risk management. As for pricing, in Commercial Lines, renewal written pricing excluding workers' compensation, of 9.5% was relatively consistent with the second quarter. Low teens pricing in auto and high single-digits in general liability are responding to societal trends. Umbrella and excess pricing was in the mid-teens. Overall commercial property pricing remained strong in the low-double digits with mid-to-upper teens property pricing within our small commercial package product. Commercial Lines overall loss trends are stable with some moderation in both property and financial line severity, offset by higher severity in liability. All in, ex comp renewal written pricing in Commercial Lines remained above loss cost trends. Workers' compensation pricing was slightly positive in the quarter. Turning to Personal Lines. Our third quarter financial performance demonstrates continued margin improvement. We saw a seven point improvement in the auto, underlying combined ratio and are on track to achieve target margins in mid-2025. Auto renewal written price increases remained very strong at approximately 20%. Pricing declines from peak levels remain consistent with our view of moderating loss trends for the remainder of the year. In homeowners, renewal written pricing of 15% during the quarter comprised of net rate and insured value increases outpaced underlying loss cost trends. Turning to Group Benefits. Our core earnings margin was an impressive 8.7% for the quarter. Continued strong group life results and long-term disability execution are the primary drivers. Fully insured ongoing premium growth of 2%, consistent with the first half of the year, reflects strong book persistency still above 90% and sales of $105 million in the quarter. Moving to investments. The portfolio continues to support the Hartford's financial and strategic goals performing well across a range of asset classes and market conditions. Beth will provide more details. Before I turn the call over to Beth, I would like to share some insights from this year's Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers Annual Conference. Last year, we provided an update on CIAB where the strength of our franchise was a consistent theme. This year, our partners amplified that strength, highlighting our innovative digital tools, comprehensive product offerings, and our robust innovation agenda. They praised our consistent strategy and execution over the years. Additionally, they expressed a strong desire to expand their business with us viewing our team as best-in-class and noting that our relationships have never been stronger. In summary, the Hartford delivered an excellent quarter, a testament to our execution strategy talent and the impact of ongoing investments in our business. As I've said before, we continue to build on our market differentiating capabilities and broad product offerings all while becoming more efficient. Our disciplined underwriting and pricing execution, exceptional talent and innovative customer centric technology are expected to sustain superior results and we continue to proactively manage our excess capital. All these factors contribute to my excitement and confidence about the future of the Hartford in our ability to extend our track record of delivering industry-leading financial performance. Now I'll turn the call over to Beth to provide more detailed commentary on the quarter.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were $752 million or $2.53 per diluted share with a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 17.4%. Commercial Lines had an excellent quarter with core earnings of $534 million, written premium growth of 9%, and an underlying combined ratio of 88.6. Through the first nine months, the underlying combined ratio of 88.1 is in line with the prior year and our expectations. Small Commercial continues to deliver outstanding results with written premium growth of 10% and an underlying combined ratio of 89.3, slightly better than the prior year. These results were driven by favorable non-CAT property losses somewhat offset by a higher loss ratio and general liability, both within our packaged product. Middle & Large Commercial delivered strong results as written premiums rose 8% and new business growth accelerated. The third quarter underlying combined ratio of 90.2 compares to 88.1% in the prior year, reflecting a level of non-CAT property losses more consistent with our expectations compared to favorable experience in the prior year and an increase in the general liability and auto loss ratios, partially offset by a shift in business mix towards property line and the positive impact of premium leverage on the expense ratio. Global Specialty results include written premium growth of 9% and an excellent underlying combined ratio of 85.3. The underlying combined ratio increased one point over the prior year quarter primarily due to a higher loss ratio in global reinsurance driven by losses in Latin America, where we have taken underwriting actions to reduce our exposure to these risk profiles and a higher expense ratio compared to prior year due to a higher commission ratio driven by changes in mix of business. Written premium in Personal Lines increased 12% over the prior year, driven by rate execution. In auto, we achieved written pricing increases of 20.8% and earned pricing increases of 22.7%. In homeowners, written pricing increases were 15.2% and 14.8% on an earned basis. In Personal Lines, the underlying combined ratio of 93.7 improved 5.3 points from the prior year. The homeowners underlying combined ratio of 75.4 improved 2.7 points primarily due to the impact of double-digit earned pricing outpacing loss costs, partially offset by a higher expense ratio. We are very pleased with the progress in our auto results. For the quarter, the auto underlying combined ratio of 101.5, improved seven points from 108.5 in third quarter 2023. Through September 30th, the underlying combined ratio of 103.6 is 4.9 points lower than the prior year period, including 5.3 points of loss ratio improvement. The Personal Lines expense ratio of 25.6 increased 1.4 points, primarily driven by higher planned direct marketing costs and higher incentive compensation and benefit costs, partially offset by the impact of higher earned premiums. P&C current accident year CAT were $247 million before tax or six combined ratio points, which compares to $184 million or 4.9 points on the combined ratio in the prior year period. We continue to actively manage our CAT exposure through aggregation management and underwriting discipline. Additionally, we have a robust and comprehensive reinsurance program on both a per occurrence and aggregate basis. As a reminder, we have a $200 million aggregate cover, which attaches when subject losses and expenses exceed $750 million. Through September 30th, catastrophe losses subject to treaty were $660 million, leaving $90 million before we reach the attachment point. The aggregate cover does not include losses from the Global Reinsurance business, which purchases its own retrocessional coverage. Our estimated losses for Hurricane Milton are in the range of $65 million to $110 million pretax, which includes $25 million to $40 million for Global Re. Therefore, at the high end of the range, we would be just under the aggregate attachment point. Total net favorable prior accident year development within core earnings was $24 million, primarily due to reserve reductions in workers' compensation and personal auto physical damage partially offset by reserve increases in general liability and commercial auto liability. The increase in general liability reserve of $32 million reflects a higher frequency of large losses including losses in more recent accident years. We continue to monitor liability trends closely, making minor adjustments to our underwriting and pricing strategies, including adjustments that are incorporated in our current year loss pick. We recorded $26 million before tax of deferred gain amortization related to the Navigators ADC, which positively impacted net income with no impact on core earnings. As a reminder, we conduct our annual asbestos and environmental study in the fourth quarter. We have $62 million of coverage remaining on the A&E ADC, so any development over that amount will impact core earnings. Turning to Group Benefits. We had another strong quarter with a core earnings margin of 8.7%. Results demonstrate ongoing strength in group life and long-term disability along with growth in fully insured premiums. The group life loss ratio of 77.5 improved by 2.7 points compared to prior year due to lower mortality. The group disability loss ratio of 67.9 increased 60 basis points due to a higher loss ratio in paid family and medical leave products, largely offset by a favorable change in the long-term disability recovery rate assumptions. Fully insured ongoing premium growth of 2% was consistent with the first half of the year, and reflects positive exposure growth and strong book persistency at over 90%. The group benefits expense ratio of 25.3 increased 1.3 points from the prior year third quarter primarily due to higher staffing costs, including higher incentive compensation and benefit costs and increased investments in technology. Turning to investments. Our diversified and growing portfolio continues to produce solid results. The overall credit quality of the portfolio remains strong with an average credit rating of A+ and no net credit losses in the quarter. For the quarter, net investment income was $659 million. The total annualized portfolio yield excluding limited partnerships was 4.5% before tax, 10 basis points above second quarter. We continue to benefit from higher rates, security selection, and accretive trading activity as evidenced by the third quarter reinvestment yield exceeding the sales and maturity yield by 110 basis points. As anticipated, our annualized LP returns of 3% were higher than the first half of the year as private equity and real estate performance continues to improve. We remain confident that over the long-term, LPs will generate returns consistent with historical levels. Turning to capital management. As Chris mentioned, we increased our common quarterly dividend by 11%. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.7 million shares under our share repurchase program for $400 million, and we expect to remain at that level of repurchases in the fourth quarter. In summary, we are very pleased with our excellent financial performance for the third quarter and first nine months of the year. We believe we are well positioned to continue to deliver industry-leading returns thereby enhancing value for all our stakeholders. I will now turn the call back to Susan.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Can you please repeat the instructions for asking a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Two questions here. The first one, general liability, the increase in loss picks this quarter, was there any kind of current year development in that increase in the underlying loss ratio in commercial this quarter?
Chris Swift: Brian, thanks for the question. I'll let Beth answer that. But I think I just would want you to have a little context on what we saw this quarter that required that $32 million adjustment. And I really would say it's just two simple things. Our data is just simply showing more attorney representation claims of all sizes. So the percentage of claims coming in with attorney representation is high and is getting higher. And we talked about it in the past, the average settlement rate of claims or the dollars that we're paying for average claims, including sort of simple slip and falls is increasing rapidly. So you put that -- those two components together, and that's ultimately why we adjusted our prior year. Beth, I think you could provide a little bit more detail.
Beth Costello: Yes. Thank you, Chris. So Brian, on your question on the increase that we recorded in the current year for liability in the quarter. Yes, that would include some true-up for the first and second quarter. So I would quantify that, if you think about in the quarter, we probably booked a little bit over a point from the prior year and two-thirds of that would relate to the first six months.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. And then on that, Chris, just kind of how are you thinking about given what you're talking about with GL development, obviously going up a little bit. Does it make you pause at all about some of the new business that you're putting on and the growth you're putting on in the middle market area to kind of make sure that you're adequately capturing what kind of real trend is looking like in your pricing and terms and conditions in that business?
Chris Swift: Yes, I would just say simply, no, we're very confident in the new business that we're putting on I'm looking at MO, he could give you a little bit of the history lesson that we've talked about. And really, the improvement that we've made in our data science, our analytics, our pricing tools, our segmentation and all that improvement we've made in the book. And I still feel good about where we're at MO. I don't know if you would add anything else.
Morris Tooker: Brian, a couple of additions. I mean, I think we've talked to you a lot about the work that we've done, especially in middle and large commercial and global specialty to reduce in some of the areas that we were worried about. So we've been working on limits management, we've been working on jurisdictions. We've been working on kind of the underlying fleet sizes and certainly a lot of rate. And I think that's paying off. You look at our frequency of claims, it's down. And it has been -- when you look at the '20 to '23 versus the prior years, your frequency of claims is down, so it's paying off. What we're seeing is, to Chris' point, where there the lawyers are involved, it's down less. And so we watch this environment in real time. And we've got higher pricing standard for all of the Commercial Lines underwriters in certain jurisdictions in certain classes. So we feel really pretty good about our ability to execute through this. We're watching it closely. And maybe a little bit of context to finish with the growth that we've put on over the past three years, our nine-month underlying combined ratio is right on where it was last year, and we think that's an evidence of us executing pretty well on our pricing strategies.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gregory Peters: Well, good morning everyone. I'm going to -- the first question, I'll focus on the Personal Lines results. With the improvement gradually emerging, I'm just curious how you think about your longer-term combined ratio target in the Personal Lines business? I know some of your competitors have very specific numbers in terms of like 96 or 95 or et cetera. So maybe you could provide some perspective on where you think that's going to go to?
Chris Swift: Greg, it's Chris. I would, I'm going to reframe from giving you exact targets other than what we've always talked about of getting back to overall profitability back to our targets. And that's roughly our 15% to 17% ROE that we're targeting. That does have a corresponding combined ratio, including CAT load even in for auto. So I'm going to just kind of hesitate a little bit about just dumping out a number just because -- that's the first priority is that we want to continue to improve our profitability. We're about 85% of the states in the country rate adequate now. So we're feeling good about getting the rate that we need into book and executing to that. But I'm going to pause on and giving you any targets especially for next year.
Gregory Peters: Okay. That's fair enough. I guess I'll just come at it from a slightly different angle just on, if I look at the homeowners business, the underlying improvement in the combined ratio, there was some, but if I look at the rate slide that you put up in your supplement, mid-teens types of rate increases that you're getting in homeowners consistently quarter-after-quarter. I guess I'm surprised that the underlying combined ratio has improved more. So maybe you could provide some perspective on that.
Chris Swift: Yes. Actually, I think we feel really good about where our overall trends are in homeowners, both from an attritional side and even a CAT side, we're pretty close to hitting our target margins there in total, Greg. So I don't know how to respond to your sort of disappointment, but loss cost trends are increasing. That's why we are putting the rate in there. Attritional is behaving. And obviously, CAT was elevated during the quarter, and it's a little elevated for the full-year in homeowners. But overall, it's still like what we're doing with that book of business and particularly with our new product and chassis, we call prevail that I know you're familiar with. It's -- I think it's performing very nicely from a new business side. I'm looking at Melinda Thompson, I'll just ask Melinda, would you add any color?
Melinda Thompson: I think you covered it well, Chris. The only thing I would add is that as you look at the rate and increases to value that we put into market, we feel that they're comfortably ahead of loss trend.
Gregory Peters: Okay. Fair enough. I wouldn't characterize my questions as disappointment, just trying to understand the numbers. But thanks for your answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman: Good morning. Yes, looking at the commercial net written premium, pretty solid growth, 10% in small, 8% in mid-large, 9% in specialty. And then when I looked at the rate increases that you described, and I backed in workers' comp. But back of the envelope, I get about 3% policy in force growth. Could you talk about the ability to gain share and maybe each of those three components of commercial and the outlook for growth there?
Chris Swift: Yes. How about if we tag team. I'll start and MO, you could add your color. I would say, across all the commercial, Andrew, we're just really pleased. You could look at small and see sort of the quotes up. We're cross-selling more of our global specialty products into there. We're growing E&S very rapidly at strong margins. Likewise, with large and small commercial submission flows up, hit rates are relatively stable. But again, all the investments we've made in our pricing, our data science, everything we just talked about, I think is paying off. And then Global Specialty, particularly the wholesale division there, which is our main E&S chassis, it's performing at a high level. It's growing rapidly with some of our most highly partnered E&S brokers. So I put it all together, MO, and I mean we feel good. And as I said, we're still in an environment, Andrew, that I think is very conducive to growth, whether it be in the standard lines or the E&S lines and I believe we are taking market share with our differentiated capabilities. But MO, what would you add?
Morris Tooker: No, just maybe to reinforce a couple of points. I mean I think, Andrew, the flow in all three businesses, as we've talked about in prior quarters, remains strong. As Chris was talking about, the pricing environment is, we think, conducive supportive. I would say the pricing environment is largely consistent with what we talked about last quarter, and then that's a good environment. You won't see us growing workers confident. You asked specifically about workers' comp. You don't feel it's growing that at a much different pace. It's basically a flat in the quarter from a written premium perspective, and maybe just to build on Chris' CIAB point, coming out of that meeting, it gave us great confidence that those flows to us will continue. And we feel really good that with those opportunity flows the way our underwriters and sales teams are executing that will take advantage of it.
Andrew Kligerman: Excellent. And shifting over to Group Benefits. You again came in at a compelling margin of 8.7%, well above your 6% to 7% guidance. Can you talk about kind of the trajectory of going back to that level and the competitive landscape that you're seeing in group benefits.
Chris Swift: Yes. I'll start, Andrew, and then I'll ask Mike Fish to add his market color. I would say I'm pleased with our performance in total whether it be on the margin side or an underwriting side, sales are down a little bit, 15% from prior year, but we sort of signaled that we thought we were operating in a highly competitive environment. And that we might have a different point of view on mortality trends where we're still pricing for endemic state, which you could see in our numbers, our life sales are down a little bit. I'm really pleased with a lot of the new products that we're bringing to market, particularly in the absence area and all our paid family and paid medical lead products that is having a little bit of a compare challenge between years where we had a lot more new business opportunities and paid family medical leave that are not run ratable going forward. But Mike Fish, what would you add as far as your market color?
Mike Fish: Chris, I would add just a couple of comments there. It's a competitive market. And -- but I'd also say our new business activity is strong. So our sales team is active in the market. With our brokers, you noted on the life side, pricing for that endemic state. So that is putting a bit of pressure on the new life sales front. But I'd end by saying our persistency is strong. We're still well north of 90%, which is on the high end of the historical range. And really, we're looking to avoid situations where price is the only driver. And we're going to compete fiercely when we have an opportunity to sell our product and service capabilities.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. I guess just a follow-up on that last one. Like obviously, first quarter, pretty big renewal on the group side. Things are more competitive. But what does that mean in terms of what we should expect for pricing at this upcoming renewal.
ChrisSwift: Ryan, it's good to hear your voice. I would say the 1125 particularly from a national account perspective, is largely done. We'll give you a little bit more color on our next quarterly results. But I feel good about them where we're at and how we compete it, how we're differentiating ourselves with some of our service capabilities. So that's all I'm going to say right now until we just officially close out the year. But it is, I guess, a competitive market. I said it, Mike Fish has said it and we're trying to pick our spots where we think we could make good margins over a longer period of time with appropriate rate guarantees. Inherently, there is some conservatism in our pricing when you think of three to four to five year rate guarantees. So -- but again, generally, very, very pleased.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then I guess just a follow-up. Thinking about group disability, we've obviously been in a volatile macro environment. I mean, to what extent have you seen any new trends emerge this year from a claims perspective on the disability side. I mean have you? Or has it just kind of been more of the same as what you saw in '23 going to?
Chris Swift: Yes. I would say more of the same. There isn't anything to call out. I mentioned our absence in paid family leave and medical plan. So we're in six states. We'd like that product line. It's very complementary to what we're doing with disability. It's actually a product line that consumers are more aware of and are using it and employers value it. So that's probably the only new thing, I would say, over the last two or three years' worth calling out at this point in time, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Huang from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bob Huang: Hi, good morning. Maybe one on workers' comp. So on reserving, it looks like workers' comp release has been the highest over the last seven quarters. As we look at the post-COVID cohort start to age a little bit, can you give us maybe a little bit of color on how that book is developing. Should we expect similar level of reserve releases or reserve development rather going forward from that part of the book?
Chris Swift: I'll let Beth add her color, but I would say less or more and more, we're making less of a distinction between COVID years, post-COVID, pre-COVID and just running it, I'll call it in an aggregate basis and looking at aggregate trends. But Beth, what would you add?
Beth Costello: Yes. What I would say is on workers' comp as it relates to and this relates to all of our reserves, we evaluate them every quarter, and we'll make adjustments accordingly. But I can't offer any predictions on what reserve development would be in the future. As it relates to years' post-COVID, so I think it's sort of '21, '22, '23, those reserves are still very young. And so as typical, we wait to see how those season before we would start to make any adjustments.
Bob Huang: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. But maybe one other thing on workers' comp really is the weaker or perhaps even a negative pricing environment. As you think about the business going forward, it's still incredibly profitable. What are some of the key focuses that we should really look into? Are you also -- are you really worried about the rising medical cost inflation, things of that nature around workers' comp?
Chris Swift: Yes. I would share with you, there isn't really anything new. I think everything that you talked about, we would say the trends are generally stable, particularly on the medical severity side. We're still within our assumption of 5% from a long-term side. It could bounce around from quarter-to-quarter, but the overall trend, I still think is encouraging. And as you said it, I mean, it's a highly profitable line particularly for those that lead the industry, which we think we're one of the leaders in the industry. So yes, we'll be selective on new business and going to be sensitive on states that are maybe taking bigger price adjustments going forward. But from an overall side, we still like it. It's contributing mightily to our earnings growth and profile. And generally, we feel good on all the assumptions that we manage to, Beth. But is there anything you would call out?
Beth Costello: No, I think you covered off on all of this.
Bob Huang: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Motemaden from Evercore. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Motemaden: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to follow-up on the underlying loss ratio in Commercial Lines. If I take out the current year prior quarter, still looks solid at 56.6 or 56.7, that sort of range. Was there anything else in there that you would characterize as being one-off or unsustainable either way? I know there were a few moving pieces between small commercial and middle market and large with the non-CAT property losses. But I just wanted to make sure I understand the baseline here. Thank you.
Chris Swift: Yes. I'll ask Beth to provide any her insights, David. But I would say -- and I put our expense ratio in there. We come up with 88.1 through the nine months, which we feel terrific about. MO mentioned that before. That means we're executing well. It's generally consistent with prior year that we've talked about. I would say from a macro side, we feel good about the non-CAT property losses this year. I would say maybe they're just slightly ahead of our expectations and then offset by some of the GL movements that we've made there. But you put those two pieces together and still come up with an 88.1 with the fourth quarter to go. Yes, the team feels really good about that, David. But Beth, what would you say?
Beth Costello: Yes, David, the only thing I'd point out, which you referenced was when you look at all-in on commercial lines, a little bit of favorability in non-CAT property primarily in small commercial. But I mean we're talking about tens of basis points here, nothing significant that I would call out.
David Motemaden: Okay. Yes, that's helpful. Nothing big there. Okay. Thanks for that. And then not big numbers, but commercial auto also continues to develop adversely. I know, Beth, last quarter, you spoke about those reserve increases being related to a few specific accounts. I guess, was it the same story this quarter what sort of -- would it -- what would it take for you guys to like a step back and think about if some of those trends that are impacting a few accounts would start to be more pervasive across the book.
Beth Costello: Yes. So I would characterize what we saw this quarter is very consistent with last quarter. So again, on some specific accounts within certain lines. And I'll just remind you that we increased our loss pick on commercial auto in the fourth quarter of last year, just addressing sort of the more macro trends. And so when we look at where we are with the current year, we feel very good with our loss picks and feel that we've incorporated some of sort of the broader, I would say, market impacts. But MO, would you add anything else?
Morris Tooker: Yes. Maybe just, David, from an underwriting perspective, I think we've talked about it, but -- we've certainly been managing accounts that were impacting us, and these are accident years '22 and '23 as a reminder. We've been either moving them to loss sensitive if they got a larger fleet. We're moving them out altogether. Certainly, we're pushing rate and continue to push rate hard in the auto lines. And just maybe the last piece is the only place we really have any heavy trucking exposure is in our wholesale book, it's less than $150 million. And we're very transactional in that space. So I think we really feel good about the underlying auto exposure across Commercial Lines.
David Motemaden: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, good morning, thanks. And I just want to preface clearly, the results overall are excellent, but we're going to get a lot of questions on general liability. So I wanted to focus another question there. In the prepared remarks, you gave us good color about more Attorney rep on all claims sizes. Is there any way you could kind of parse it out more? Because I think that what we're seeing in the industry is that the -- on the small commercial side more so than the large commercial side, we're seeing more -- the loss trend rise more so than in the large account space because there's just more Attorney involvement. I've learned historically on larger clients, like larger Fortune 500 clients. So I just wanted to better understand if you are seeing the higher GL trends in any specific pockets based on account size or maybe type of employer or business that could happen.
Chris Swift: Mike, all I would say, yes, there's lawyers everywhere. All 50 states, all the territories, obviously, looking for clients in which way they can from advertising or 1-800 numbers. So I'm being fastidious obviously, because we don't see any discernible trend. I think the -- what we called out and what we're reacting to is the more higher percentage of claims coming in the door with Attorneys already in tow, and that's driving up overall settlement rates no matter what business, what country or state and that's what we see. But MO, anything from the underwriting side, you would comment upon.
Morris Tooker: Well, I would say, and I don't think we should need to get into the details, but just know that we're deep in every jurisdiction, we're in by class, we're in by the type of accident. So I think there's a lot of nuance here but Chris' overall point, there's more lawyers around, but certainly, when we get to the underwriting, we're tailoring it by industry, by state, by county, and certainly, any underperforming areas are getting the necessary rate action and book management activity.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just switching gears a bit to the overall commercial rate environment. It feels like the industry is being extremely disciplined. We're seeing pricing increase a bit in many lines despite overall industry return on equity levels being healthy to excellent. Would you say that the pricing environment is really being driven more by loss ratio and your folks and your peers aren't really taking into account the investment income benefit as much as I think maybe some investors thought would take place in recent years? Just kind of curious about the competitive environment.
Chris Swift: Yes. I would say, again, Mike, I think it's rational and thoughtful and principally driven by loss trends, right? I mean I can't speak to any other competitors and how they really think or manage. But at least from our side, I mean, we start with trends, and we've always said we're trying to hold margins where we're at today. Underwriting margins feel good that, again, we're generally consistent with last year, and we'll start to talk about '25, a little bit more. But we don't -- from an underwriting side, we don't think about net investment income. All our metrics are sort of elastic except when you get into maybe the national account book of business that does have a little bit more float there. But I think it's primarily loss cost-driven MO and we're executing to what we're trying to do from a consistency perspective.
Morris Tooker: Yes. But Mike, that doesn't mean it's easy. I just want to make sure you understand, it's a difficult underwriting environment. And if you don't give the right tools to underwriters, if you aren't making investments in the data science and the feedback loops to see the stuff, you're going to miss it. And so I just want to make sure we are talking about the difficult choices underwriters are making every day. And I think our team is doing a terrific job navigating the market.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question, I guess, going into -- on the premium growth side, within middle and large growth did slow a little bit in the quarter. And I know it was a little -- an easier comp last year, especially right when I look at growth within the middle market right around 7% this quarter, a little lower what we saw so far year-to-date. Can you just give a little bit more color on what you were seeing there in the quarter and how we should expect that to trend from here?
Chris Swift: Yes, Elyse, you're right on. We certainly commented on July last year, the market just didn't come our way. But we're really excited about -- I think our year-to-date growth in middle and large commercial is 9.9%. We're really excited about that. As we talked about a minute ago, the flow continues to be really strong. Our underwriters are active in the marketplace. And again, coming out of CIB, I use that as a reference point since it's so recent. I think our agents are really talking about their desire to consolidate carriers and that would -- we would benefit from that in the middle and large commercial space. So I think as long as we can get paid for risk and the market holds up, we feel really good about the growth possibilities in the middle and large commercial.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then I just want to come back to GL for a second as well, right? So we saw adverse development right on some more recent years this quarter, last quarter was some softer here. It sounds like it was just, Chris, the Attorney representation that you were talking to that kind of was the driver of both. Can you just -- and I know you touched on it in prepared remarks, give us a sense of the severity kind of assumptions that you're assuming within GL. And is there like a buffer that -- like give us a sense of the buffer you have on top of kind of what you're seeing just so we can -- that you would expect not to see additional movements from here?
Chris Swift: Yes. I would share with you, Elyse, and thanks for the question. I'm not going to talk about buffers or how we manage sort of in total. But yes, you're right. The data that we're reacting to this quarter is rep rates and settlement rates particularly on our bread and butter small commercial and middle market accounts, slip and falls, particularly, that type of claim seems to have the most explosive growth in settlement values there. So I think that's the color that I would provide, Beth, but would you add anything else?
Beth Costello: No, I think you covered it well. I mean, we reacted to what we saw and incorporated that as well as our projections for what we would see going forward. The adverse development that we took in '22 and '23 and then how that informed our view of changing our pick for '24. So from our perspective, we've taken all of those inputs in and made our best call.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. [Indiscernible] on for Meyer. Just have a question on personal lines expense ratio. Head tech pick up year-over-year, but has declined sequentially. Anything you see from last quarter in terms of resume marketing or just seasonal finance. I just wanted to make sure I didn't miss anything. Thank you.
Chris Swift: Yes, I think the expense ratio, there's nothing to call out. I think last quarter, we called out we were started or restarted our national advertising and solicitation through -- for our direct response business. I'd expect it to normalize and go down over time, particularly as we have more operating leverage as we start to grow again. So that's about it.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. My second question is on E&S growth. You previously targeted $300 million in E&S binding by end of the year. Could you provide an update on the progress and discuss with the social inflation driving more submission to the E&S channel?
Chris Swift: Yes. I think the overall trend of E&S continued to be a meaningful channel for both casualty and property products is very strong. Obviously, they're capturing more of the flow on the small side in the middle market side, we're happy to participate with what we think is a pretty good offering and a pretty good mousetrap. We're on track to achieve our $300 million goal that we set this year, particularly in small commercial E&S binding. And it's an important channel for us to continue to develop capabilities and underwriting skills to support over the long-term. But Mo, would you add anything?
Morris Tooker: No, I agree with everything on E&S binding, and I would just reinforce, we're seeing the same momentum in the wholesale space within Global Specialty and in property and inland marine in construction and casualty in total. So we feel really good about the progress in both segments.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you. I'd like to talk about group benefits if we can change the subject. How is everyone doing this morning?
Chris Swift: It's good to hear your voice, Josh. What is on your mind?
Joshua Shanker: Good to hear. I want to talk about the sales growth looked a little weak year-over-year, but these are a lot of times multiyear sales cycles. So the year-over-year comparison might not be apt. And of course, the first quarter is more important than the third quarter. But can we talk a little bit about sales conversion, given a number of companies -- a number of companies coming from renewal, how well you did this year and what that augurs for in the future, especially maybe how many contracts are coming up for renewal in '25?
Chris Swift: Yes. We're not going to talk too much about '25 right now, Josh, but we'll give you plenty of color once it's all tidied up. I would say, and Mike Fish will add his perspective, we still feel good about obviously, our sales team and what we're able to do in the marketplace and all our broker relationships. I mean it's quite an ecosystem that you have to manage with feet on the street and relationships. And when we get a lot of opportunities, I think the comp issue that I talked about, we had some onetime PFL and PML sales last year. So that's distorting it. If you take it out, we're still down, but we're down just slightly. And Mike, I don't know what you would provide to Josh to give him comfort that we're competing every day as hard as we can. But we're also trying to make money and we're being disciplined with our pricing also.
Mike Fish: Yes, Chris, those are the right points. I'd just add a couple of items here. On the renewal side, Think of it this way, a little under a third of our book comes up for renewal every year, and I noted earlier in my comments around this year's persistency north of 90%. Now that's on the whole book. So renewal is a subset. But again, I think that just speaks to the fact that we're able to compete certainly on our in-force and keeping those customers. On the new side, our volume of quotes that we're seeing is consistent year-over-year. What I would sort of -- if I double-click under that, when you look on the larger end, those opportunities can ebb and flow over the years. And essentially, when we're looking to line-up with our underwriting appetite, we're going to be a bit more selective on the large end. But again, I don't think there's anything you need to note this year, very consistent with what we've seen in the past years.
Joshua Shanker: Well, I just want to take your comment, Chris, is that we are here to make money, and I think that's right. You definitely are making money in the group around this business. The margins are fantastic. Is that showing up not necessarily in the Hartford, but in competitors, cutting prices at this point, being willing to tolerate a higher benefit ratio than they might have a year or two ago?
Chris Swift: Yes, I don't want to speculate. I don't want to say I really don't know, honestly, Josh. So you'll have to ask them that. I know what we're trying to do every day. Again, we want to be thoughtful. We want to compete. We want to maintain our margins. And I've said this before, you of all people know it and get it. I mean we're making three to five year rate guarantees depending on product line, and we can't go upside down with those types of guarantees out there. So we're going to be thoughtful and disciplined and try to do the best we can, but there are certain lines that we're just not going to cross. And so all I could say is, yes, we want to be relevant. We are relevant in the marketplace. There isn't a national account opportunity that doesn't come our way, and we're going to compete thoughtfully, but we're also willing just to put the pencil down and say that's enough.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you for all the answers.
Operator: Our last question will come from Alex Scott from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: All right. Thanks for taking me in. So I wanted to ask about property pricing, actually. I thought it was pretty striking at the small to mid-area anyway, the pricing is still pretty elevated. Can you talk about some of the dynamics there that are allowing for that kind of price action when we're seeing sort of the larger, more global property into things, it's slowing down more significantly.
Chris Swift: Yes. Alex, let me just give you a data point or two and then ask MO to add his color. Our total property capabilities spread across all our businesses, ex-Global Re, pricing actually accelerated 60 basis points during the quarter from 12.2 to 12.8. And I would say the two largest segments from a premium volume sort of led the way. Spectrum pricing is up 60 basis points also to 17.6, and our general industry property capabilities is up another 60 basis points to 8.5%. So again, feel really good as far as our sweet spot of being in that SME space and pricing remaining firm and actually expanding a little bit. That's not true in some of the larger, large property or E&S. MO, but what would you just add to your color?
Morris Tooker: No. And I think we're watching the reaction to the storms and trying to understand how that impacts the marketplace and certainly the reinsurance renewals. But generally, it's a favorable market that we would look to take advantage of.
Alex Scott: Got it. That's helpful. And maybe if I could sneak one last one in. Just when I think through the A&E reserve review in 4Q? I know you're probably not ready to give like a number or something like that. But could you help us think through like some of the underlying trends you see with those claims and so forth. They could help us at least directionally understand which way things are going there?
Chris Swift: I'll let Beth add her color. But Alex, we need to finish the review the study. I mean, we'll announce it, obviously, with fourth quarter, but there's nothing to speculate right now because we haven't completed our work.
Beth Costello: Yes, I would agree with what Chris is saying. We'll complete the study and report on the trends and underlying exposure that we see there at that time.
Alex Scott: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Susan Spivak for any closing remarks.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you all for joining us today. And as always, please reach out with any additional questions, and have a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call webcast. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to The Hartford Financial Second Quarter 2024 Results Conference Call and Webcast. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Susan Spivak: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on second quarter 2024 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all the earnings-related materials on our website. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. To start, we have Chris Swift, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Beth Costello, our Chief Financial Officer. After their prepared remarks, we will begin taking your questions. Also to assist us with your questions are several members of our management team. Just a few comments before Chris begins, today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. The Hartford's second quarter results were outstanding, contributing to excellent financial performance in the first-half of the year. These results reflect the effectiveness of our strategy and ongoing investments to differentiate The Hartford in the marketplace. We remain focused on disciplined underwriting and pricing execution, expanding product and distribution breadth, developing exceptional talent and delivering a superior customer experience. Highlights from the second quarter include top line growth in Commercial Lines of 11% with strong renewal written pricing increases, and an underlying combined ratio of 87.4. Personal Lines' top line growth of 14%, with improving margins, an exceptional Group Benefits core earnings margin of 10%, and solid performance in our investment portfolio, all of these items contributed to an outstanding and industry-leading trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 17.4%. I'm also pleased to announce that with continued strong capital generation from our businesses, the Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase authorization of $3.3 billon. We will continue to balance growth, investing in our businesses, and returning excess capital to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Now, let me share a few details from the quarter. Commercial Lines produced exceptional results with double-digit top line growth in an underlying combined ratio below 90 for the 13th straight quarter. We are using our industry-leading underwriting tools, pricing expertise, and data science advancements to drive profitable double-digit new business growth. Retention was steady, and the broader economic environment remains conducive for growth. In Small Commercial, with our unique and superior market position, industry-leading products, unmatched customer experience, and unrivaled pricing accuracy, we continue to deliver exceptional results, including strong top line growth and outstanding margins. New business premium was a record of 23% in the quarter, in part driven by a 36% increase in quotes, and nearly 90% growth in E&S binding, where we continue to see tremendous opportunity. With another quarter of exceptional results and relentless advancement of our capabilities, I remain incredibly bullish on the outlook for our Small Commercial business. Moving to Middle & Large Commercial, second quarter performance was excellent, including double-digit top line growth, paired with a strong underlying margin. We continue to take advantage of elevated submission flow, driven in part by investments made to expand our product capabilities, and the efficiency of the broker and agent experience. Written premium growth reflects strong renewal rate execution, along with double-digit new business growth, primarily in property and liability coverages. We have built a track record of delivering meaningful growth, while consistently maintaining underlying margins, a result we expect to sustain going forward. In Global Specialty, for the first time, we achieved over a $1 billion in quarterly written premium and maintained underlying margins in the mid-80s. Our double-digit top line growth reflects our competitive position, diverse product offerings and solid renewal pricing. Written premium growth was propelled by a 38% increase in global reinsurance, a 14% increase in our wholesale business with significant contributions from primary and excess casualty lines and double-digit growth in commercial and construction surety. We are particularly pleased with wholesale construction projects bound in the quarter, as well as overall increased submission flow, both meaningful drivers of new business growth. The Global Specialty business with our expanding position in the wholesale and reinsurance market, our broadened product portfolio and enhanced risk selection tools has developed into a meaningful profitable growth engine for The Hartford. As I've highlighted in the past, we continue to focus on property across Commercial Lines with written premium growth of approximately 20% in the quarter. We are capitalizing on favorable market conditions with a disciplined approach, including a stable and consistent catastrophe risk appetite. Turning to pricing, Commercial Lines renewal written pricing accelerated to 6.6% in the quarter, 9.5% excluding workers' compensation. Low teens pricing in auto and high-single-digits in general liability, including 14% in excess and umbrella is responding to societal trends. Overall, commercial property pricing has begun to moderate, but was strong in the low-double-digits. All in ex-comp renewal, written pricing and Commercial Lines remain comfortably above loss cost trends. Workers' compensation pricing remains slightly positive in the quarter. Before moving to Personal Lines, let me share a few comments we received at our recent annual agent summit. Our broadened product portfolio, increased cross selling opportunities and exceptional talent are resonating with the agent community opening up new business opportunities. Feedback confirms that the marketplace and our top agents recognize our evolution and strength. They appreciate our strong culture and capability to solve customer problems as a unified Commercial Lines team, particularly with small business customers where we are taking advantage of disruption and engaging more than ever with our largest partners to drive efficiency. Our investments in pace and technology were described as compelling and industry leading, and our talent strategy and succession planning was also complemented. Our exceptional Commercial Lines' first-half results and feedback from our partners makes it clear that we have the team, tools, and momentum to capitalize on market opportunities. Turning to Personal Lines, our second quarter financial performance demonstrates continued progress toward target margin improvement. Auto renewal written price increases remain very strong at nearly 24%. While below peak levels from last quarter, they remain consistent with our view of moderating loss trends for the remainder of the year. As I have mentioned, we expect auto renewal written price increases for the year to be approximately 20%. In homeowners, renewal written pricing of 15% during the quarter, comprised of net rate and insured value increases, outpaced underlying loss cost trends. Investments in Personal Lines continued with the launch of dynamic pricing inside our TrueLane telematics offering earlier this month, an enhanced price to risk matching capability aligned with our Prevail product offering. As we return personal auto to profitability in 2024, capabilities like this, along with enhanced risk segmentation, near-term pricing gains, and moderating loss trend, position Personal Lines to reach target margins in 2025. Turning to Group Benefits, our core earnings margin was 10% for the quarter and 8.1% for the first-half of the year. These stellar results included a lower life loss ratio versus the prior year, and continued strong long-term disability execution. Fully insured ongoing premium growth of 2%, consistent with the first quarter, reflects strong book persistency, still above 90%, and sales of 546 million in the first-half of the year. Moving to investments, the portfolio continues to support the Hartford's financial and strategic goals, performing well across a range of asset classes and market conditions. Beth will provide more details. From a macroeconomic standpoint, the U.S. environment continues to be supportive of the Hartford's businesses. The labor market has been resilient and with continued relatively low unemployment and wage rate growth, still in the 4% range, both of which positively affect our two largest and strongest performing lines, workers' compensation and disability. In summary, the Hartford delivered an outstanding quarter with sustained momentum heading into the second-half of the year, a testament to our execution, strategy, talent, and the impact of ongoing investments in our business. As I said before, we continue to build on our market differentiating capabilities in broad product offering, all while becoming more efficient. Our disciplined underwriting and pricing execution, exceptional talent, and innovative customer-centric technology are expected to sustain superior results. And we continue to proactively manage our excess capital. All these factors contribute to my excitement and confidence about the future of the Hartford and our ability to extend our track record of delivering industry-leading financial performance. Now, I'll turn the call over to Beth to provide more detailed commentary on the quarter.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were $750 million or $2.50 per diluted share with a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 17.4%. Commercial Lines had an exceptional quarter with core earnings of $551 million, written premium growth of 11%, and an underlying combined ratio of 87.4. Small Commercial continues to deliver excellent results with written premium growth of 8% and an underlying combined ratio of 86.8, further building on its impressive track record of delivering an underlying combined ratio below 90. Favorable non-cap property losses contributed to the strong results. Middle & Large Commercial also delivered outstanding results with 13% written premium growth. The strong underlying combined ratio of 89.6 reflects the positive impact of premium leverage, industry-leading pricing and segmentation analytics, and exceptional talent that continue driving profitable growth. Global Specialties written premium growth of 14% was driven by accelerating renewal written price increases and strong new business growth, including quarterly net written premium growth of 14% in our wholesale channel. The underlying combined ratio was an exceptional 85.2, relatively flat to the prior year. Written premium and Personal Lines increased 14% over the prior year, driven by rate execution. In auto, we achieved written pricing increases of 23.5% and earned pricing increases of 22.1%. In homeowners, written pricing increases were 14.9% for the quarter and 14.6% on an earned basis. In Personal Lines, the underlying combined ratio of 96.7 improved by five points from the prior year. Homeowners had another strong quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 77.8. We are very pleased with the improvement we are seeing in our auto results. Through June 30th, our underlying combined ratio of 104.7 was in line with our expectations and is 3.8 points lower than the prior year period, almost entirely due to improvement in the loss ratio. We remain on track to achieve the five to six-point full-year improvement in the auto underlying loss ratio as we have previously discussed. The total Personal Lines expense ratio increased by 0.7 points driven by higher direct marketing costs as anticipated. We have achieved new business rate adequacy in states representing approximately 80% of new business and our contemporary business model enables us to efficiently allocate marketing resources for growth in those states. With respect to catastrophes, TNC current accident year caps were 280 million before tax or 7.1 combined ratio points, which compares to 226 million or 6.2 points on the combined ratio in 2023. While catastrophe losses were significantly elevated for the industry, our results were only slightly higher than expectations. We continue to actively manage our CAD exposure through aggregation management and underwriting discipline, especially in certain higher risk states. Total net favorable prior accident year development within court earnings was $78 million, primarily due to reserve reductions in workers' compensation, catastrophes, Personal Lines, and bond, which were partially offset by reserve increases in general liability, assumed reinsurance, and commercial auto liability. The increase to general liability reserves of $32 million was primarily related to accident years 2015 to 2019, with some modest increases in more recent years. We recorded $37 million before tax in deferred gain amortization related to the Navigator's ADC, which positively impacted net income with no impact on core earnings. We have provided additional information in the appendix of our earnings slide deck on both this ADC and the A&E ADC for your reference. Turning to Group Benefits, core earnings margin of 10% was exceptional. Results reflect strong Group life and disability performance as well as fully insured premium growth. The Group life loss ratio of 74.9 was 9.2 points lower than prior year due to lower claim severity. The Group disability loss ratio of 67.1 was essentially flat with 2023, driven by lower long-term disability claim incidents and a higher New York paid family leave risk adjustment benefit, offset primarily by a higher loss ratio in paid family and medical leave products. Fully-insured ongoing premium growth of 2% was consistent with first quarter and reflects positive exposure growth, albeit at a lower rate than in 2023 and strong book persistency at over 90%. Turning to investments, our diversified portfolio continues to produce solid results. The overall credit quality of the portfolio remains high with an average credit rating of A plus and net credit losses remain insignificant. For the quarter, net investment income was $602 million. The total annualized portfolio yield, exclude limited partnerships was 4.4% before tax, slightly above first quarter. We continue to benefit from higher rates as evidenced by the second quarter reinvestment yield of 6.4%, up 30 basis points from our reinvestment rate in the first quarter and up 110 basis points from the year ago period. As expected, our annualized LP returns of 1.3% were consistent with the first quarter. Although we anticipate LP returns to be somewhat stronger in the second-half of 2024, the full-year is likely to be below 2023 results. However, we remain confident that over the long-term, LPs will generate returns consistent with historical levels. Turning to capital, yesterday, the Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase authorization of 3.3 billion which is 10% higher than the 2022 authorization reflecting the strong capital generation of our businesses. This authorization effective August 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026 is in addition to the existing authorization, which as of June 30 had approximately 650 million remaining. Over the last several quarters, our share repurchase activity has been very consistent at 350 million per quarter. With our new authorization in place, we would expect quarterly share repurchase activity to be closer to 400 million beginning with the third quarter. In summary, we are very pleased with our excellent financial performance through the first six months and these results demonstrate consistent execution in delivering profitable growth contributing to industry leading returns, thereby enhancing value for all stakeholders. I will now turn the call back to Susan.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Beth. We now will take your questions. Operator, can you please repeat the instructions for asking a question.
Operator: Certainly. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the commercial pricing environment. Chris, you said, rates improve sequentially, and I think you attribute it to GL as well as excess and umbrella responding to societal issues. Given right, that we've seen, right, reserving issues emerge across the industry, would you expect that your soft pricing trends would just continue on an upward trend from here?
Chris Swift: Thank you for the question, Elyse. I would say in general, we're very pleased with our pricing as we quoted 6.6%, up 30 basis points, 9.5%, up to about 20 basis points, even with some moderating property pricing, which you could talk about, but property still remains double-digit, but it's moderating. So, that leaves obviously the liability lines, which again, I'm very proud of our team and their ability to execute and get the needed rate to keep up with, and in most cases, stay ahead of our loss cost trends. So, that's a very important mission guidance that we talk to the team about monthly and quarterly. And I'm looking at Mo, I don't know if you would add anything special, Mo, but your team is doing a great job getting the needed rate, given the environment.
Morris Tooker: No, I would echo that, Chris. The only additional data point I would give you Elyse is that our excess and umbrella rates were up 160 basis points quarter-over-quarter, so second quarter over the first quarter. So, we continue to work really hard at getting enough rate into the book to respond to the trends that we're seeing. So, Elyse, I don't think the environment is going to let up. So, you should expect us to continue to be disciplined in risk selection and disciplined in pushing for rate in the book. And whether that's at an increasing or a consistent pace, I'm not going to quibble with you, but we're going to be disciplined.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then, my second question is on the new authorization. Beth, and appreciate you gave us, right, the new quarterly kind of run rate on buybacks. Is the incremental uplift, is that all being driven by dividends, out of your property casualty entities? Or, I guess how should we think about the incremental cash flow over the next couple of years?
Beth Costello: Yes, I would say it's really across our businesses. As we said, the fact that the authorization was increased from the previous authorization really is reflective of just the strong earnings generation. As you know dividends quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year can fluctuate a bit as we manage the various legal entities that we have. But we feel very good about the capital generation that we're seeing and we would expect to see our dividends reflect that.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. First question is around specialty, terrific, 85.2 underlying combined and 14% growth. Wondering if you could share with us, where you're growing, and particularly, I'm interested in the reinsurance area too. What lines of business you're looking at there too?
Chris Swift: Andrew, thank you for joining us today. I would say our specialty business is quite diversified, but if I look at its biggest component, it's wholesale, E&S wholesale, which again uses the full range of our liability and property products. So, feel good about what we're doing there. Rates are strong. We've been increasing the rate that we're seeking on various aspects of that book particularly the liability books. So, again, new distribution relationships, we're expanding the wholesale distribution relationships. And as I said, it culminated in the first time ever going above $1 billion in rent premium. So, we feel really good about that. I'll make a comment on reinsurance and then ask Mo, if he wants to add anything. But our reinsurance business, I would say on a global basis is growing about 18%. I would say 45% of that global reinsurance business is about is property, which is growing at 24%. And then, our non-property casualty lines is growing at 12%. I think I've characterized this before, Andrew, this is going to be a run rate business for us of about $850 million this year. So, it's something that we're proud of. It's a niche. It's being very disciplined and taking advantage of dislocation in the marketplace and producing outstanding superior risk adjusted returns.
Morris Tooker: Andrew, maybe I'll just add a little bit more on the wholesale in Global Specialty. I mean, I think overall, flow continues to be really strong in every product line. We continue to invest in the teams. The teams are executing really well. We are known for our construction casualty prowess. We are underweight in the other parts of wholesale and we're pushing into certainly property on a wider spread, marine. So, just know that we said there's more upside there.
Andrew Kligerman: Yes, that's pretty impressive for a business that had a lot of doubters five years ago when you acquired it. So, my next question actually, you know what? Let me just sneak something in unless I get bounced out. That rate that you're talking, the pricing of 9.5% ex-workers' comp, is that pure rate, or is that also inclusive of exposure in terms of conditions and conditions?
Morris Tooker: Yes. What we typically comment upon if there's a question is, we call it the exposure that access rate. I would say, of the 9.5 is about 2.2% this quarter, fairly consistent with prior quarters.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. I just want to make sure on that. And then, my other question is, I guess, reading about the reserves focusing on the more difficult adverse, 32 million in GL. That was off 16 to 19, and I think it said in the Q modest 21 to 23. So, that doesn't seem like an impact. Commercial auto was 10 million adverse in the quarter, but that was 2022. Anything we should read into that, Chris, or you feel pretty good about your reserving on the casualty lines and the commercial auto?
Chris Swift: Yes, I'll let Beth add some detailed commentary, Andrew. But from my chair, knowing our management mechanisms quarterly, what we've debated, how we've picked, I think very, very appropriate loss trends over a five, six year period of time. The resulting balance sheet, I think is very healthy, high confidence. So, yes, these are the things that you work on every quarter and every planning cycle. And we pride ourselves on trying to be realistic and get it right, because if you don't, it has a cumulative effect of you're going to be chasing your tail as they would say. But Beth, would you add any further detailed commentary?
Beth Costello: Yes. Well, I agree overall with your comments, Chris, as it relates specifically to the reserve increases that we took in commercial auto really related to a couple of accounts and feel really good that we've already taken action on those accounts. So, as you know, we look at our reserves in detail by sub line and where we think we see the need to make an adjustment, we will. But again, I'll echo Chris' comments. When we step back and look at it in total, we do feel very good about where we are.
Andrew Kligerman: Awesome. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS Financial. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Thanks. First question just quickly. So, Chris, and Mo, there was some legislature placed in, I think recently passed in Florida talking about increasing Medicare reimbursements for doctors. And I know that, a lot of kind of workers' comp reimbursement schedules is kind of predicated on that. Can you talk a little bit about what the potential impact is on workers' comp, call it, severity trends are going forward? Are there offsetting factors? Maybe give us a little bit of explanation on that.
Chris Swift: Yes, Brian, it's Chris. I would say, first, what did they pass? They passed the law that sort of effective January 1 of 2025. So, it does have some applicability for the back book. So, we think that's relatively modest for us. But as you said, it's really physician services across a broad range of services that they're getting basically a pay increase and a pay rate. So, I don't think it really moves the needle on anything materially in Florida. What we then need to do is obviously work with the rating bureaus to make sure that these loss estimates are getting into their guidance and obviously then making the appropriate rate filings and getting paid for that. So, it's a little bit of a lag, but I wouldn't say it's going to change anything from an underwriting appetite or execution. We just need to sort of make sure it gets into filings that the bureaus approve into our pricing, and we'll be off to the races.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks for the answer. And then, I guess my second question, Chris, you made this comment in response to one of Elyse's questions that property is still seeing double-digit rate. It'd be helpful maybe if you talk about, what it looks like from property rate, large account all the way down to small account because we've heard a lot more that large account is flat to getting more competitive right now. So, it was a little surprising when I heard, you say double-digit rate.
Chris Swift: Yes, I would, I'm going to resist giving you competitive Intel, but I still want to address your question, Brian. So, I would say again last quarter, first quarter in aggregate, ex our Global Reinsurance Property business, we had rates going up 14.1% this quarter on a same basis like-to-like to 12.4%. And I would say that the highest rate increase that we're seeing across our portfolio is in our product for Small Commercial, our E&S binding division within Small Commercial. And then, I would say everything else is sort of in the high-single-digits. So, again, I think quite disciplined, quite appropriate in those lines of business, so I think again as I said the team is executing well. But Mo what would you add?
Morris Tooker: Probably, I would just say we don't have a lot that we do in the shared and layered space. But in -- we have a little bit in our Middle and Large Commercial book of shared and layered and a little bit in our Wholesale Property and in Global Specialty. And that's the place we are seeing the most competition, where we rate a 100% in kind of middle market ratings, it's hanging in really well.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Gregory Peters: Well, good morning, everyone. So, for the first question, I think I am going to focus on the Personal Lines business. Chris, in your comments you said that you expect to hit the target margins in Personal Lines by 2025. Is that like end of the year 2025? Or, is the beginning of the year, or for the full-year? And I guess the reason why I am thinking about this is on slide 17 of your Investor deck, we are looking at the sequential trends in the auto underlying and the homeowners underlying combined ratio. And it looks like it ticked up a little bit sequentially from the March quarters. So, any color there on how you see that cadence developing over the next 18 months would you helpful.
Chris Swift: Yes, happy to comment there. I would say just a couple of things, just context. Your sequential trend is primarily impacted by expense. I think we were pretty clear in our statements that particularly now that we are on a countrywide basis new business rate, and we turned back on marketing in a holistic way whether that would be T.V., whether it would be print, whether it would be paid, and whether it would be advertising and ARP, so data I would say is reverting back to normal. I would say again context, we ended 2023 with a loss cost trends in sort of the mid-teens, and we do expect and we said loss cost trends are moderating. But in essence on a full-year basis, we still think they are going to be low double digits. And that's what we are recording in our financial statements. And then, all I would say is from a target margin perspective, we still see '25 and I would say mid '25 we could get back to our target margins. And the five to six point improvement that we talked about this year, I think, we are on track for it. Particularly as we continue to earn and as loss cost trend continue to moderate in the second-half of the year, but Beth, what would you say?
Beth Costello: Yes, I agree with everything that you said, Chris. One thing that I would point out when you look at the sequential underlying combined ratio in auto is just keep in mind that first quarter is typically our lowest loss ratio quarter. And we typically see a couple of points every quarter as we go through the year. So, when you put that into the mix combined with what Chris said about the little maybe less than 1 point of expense increase because turning marketing on, I think that shows you that we are making progress relative to that trend. You just have to take in the seasonality into consideration.
Gregory Peters: That makes sense. Okay, for my follow-up question, I am in a pivot to the Benefits business. And I know you called out the 10% core margin results for the second quarter. Is that how we should think about what your objective is in that business over the course of the year? And then related to that, I was looking at some of the sales stats and your supplement, it looks like at least for the June quarter sales were a little bit down on a year-over-year basis. So, some color on the Benefits business would be helpful?
Chris Swift: Sure. I would just start by saying we are very, very pleased with the 10% core margin and sort of 8.1% through the six months range which is above our 6% to 7% guide on a long-term basis. But I have always reminded people, Brian -- excuse me, Greg, that that guide is based on making rate guarantees over the next three - four years in certain cases for our products. So, you want to be thoughtful about what can happen over that period of time. But that said, we did call out mortality really improved this quarter. And that's great to see, particularly coming out of the pandemic. But we still believe we're sort of in an endemic state, that mortality would be a little higher over the next couple of years. But I would say we had an outsized benefit this time in the mortality. But everything else is performing well, disability continues to be very steady and a consistent performer. So, I would expect for the remainder of the year for us to continue to outperform our long-term guidance and obviously end the year above the six to seven. But I'm not going to comment on any specifics or any numbers at that point in time. And we'll see then what holds for '25. On the top line in sales, I'd like Jonathan to comment particularly on market conditions, which I generally describe and when he and I talk on a monthly and quarterly basis. I mean, the market is competitive. And I think that there's some impacts on our sales and top line there that we could talk about. But Jonathan, what would you add on premium and top line?
Jonathan Bennett: I think those are the right comments, Chris. When we're thinking about competition right now, I would say it is heightened. We got in our marketplace a number of capable competitors, some of them relatively new entrants. And any one of them can have different business objectives based on their strategy. I can't speculate on that. And there's always room for reasonable people to have differing views on future loss trend. But our customers are quite sophisticated. Their needs are vast and differentiated. We compete on far more than price. We have absence management capabilities, digital tools, and deep customer focus are all things that distinguish the Hartford. So, when we put it all together, we think we're navigating the market quite well. We're adapting to competitive situations, competing for the business that we believe we want to obtain. We're maintaining underwriting and pricing discipline, which is crucial. We'd always like to be growing faster, but we're focused on the fundamentals of the business.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Josh Shanker from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Thank you very much. So, maybe not so surprising, or maybe it is for some, workers' comp continues to be favorable. Does that mean that when you think about the going forward margins, you are making changes to your current view of margins in workers' comp, and the loss picks are coming down in current years? Or maybe you're just skeptical that this favorability can last forever. How do you think about that actuarially, and how does that play into the stability or actually improvement in your commercial loss picks overall compared to a year ago?
Chris Swift: Yes. Josh, Beth and I are a tag team here. I would generally say, again, when we entered this year to where we are today, we're virtually right on where we thought. And remember, we did make some commentary that we thought we would experience some modest margin contraction heading into 2024, and I would say that continues to be maybe less modest or more modest, depending on how you want to say it. But it's obviously a line that we know well and know the components. So, I think it's all working as expected. I'm sure between Beth and I, we could tell you that our frequency and severity assumptions are holding. Our wage inflation assumptions were probably a little light, and we're outperforming there. So, you put it all together, and it works. It's working. It's still a highly profitable line of business for us that contributes meaningfully. And yes, we're watching all the drivers of loss cost trends very, very closely, as you would expect a company of our expertise and skills in this area. But Beth, what would you add?
Beth Costello: Yes, again, Chris, I agree with how you characterized it. And what I would say, Josh, is we take into consideration this is a long-tailed line. So, when we make our picks relative to loss trend, we take that into consideration. We obviously look at what's happening in the near term. But one of the areas I know we've talked about in the past is medical inflation. We still are holding that 5% trend in our reserves and our pricing. We've seen some, continue to see some frequency benefit, and we build some of that in as well. But we, our philosophy is we just need to be steady as we think about those loss trends. And then, obviously, we've been talking about what we're seeing on the rate side. So, that's why we're feeling a little bit of that compression. But we, again, understand this is a long-tailed line, and we want to be very thoughtful with our loss picks.
Josh Shanker: Just to synthesize the two things you said. So, the pick is slightly higher, but that's pricing driven. Is that right?
Chris Swift: No, I would say it's loss cost driven, impacted by the rate environment. So, when we said we're expecting some margin compression, our loss trends, which are generally consistent, are impacting, have the rate effect of pricing. So, when pricing continues to be sort of less than positive, and is not covering your cost of goods sold on an assumption basis, you're going to have some slight margin compression, and that's what we're feeling.
Josh Shanker: Okay. So, that's actually where I want to go. But obviously, the numbers are getting better. So, in general liability, and I guess attritional property, are the initial picks improving at the backdrop of a little bit more caution on the workers' comp picks? I'm still trying to look at the moving pieces on where the trend is. Are things getting better right now? I ask this because arguably some of your competitors might have said things before you reported the quarter that give people the impression that things are getting worse. And yes, I'm trying to figure out if that's right or wrong.
Chris Swift: Well, you're smart. You'll figure it out. But again, from the pure comp line, I would say it's steady.
Josh Shanker: And then, the non-comp longer tail lines?
Chris Swift: Now, again, those are very detailed conversations by product line. But I would characterize at least our views of where we're at and how we're executing. My view is I think we have appropriate and compelling loss trends baked into our picks going back five years. And our ability to execute on a rate side consistently and in those strong double digits, particularly in the liability lines, over an extended period of time puts us in a good place because I always comment every quarter that I think we're staying ahead of trend, loss trend, with our pricing. So, I'll look at Beth and/or Mo if they want to add anything additional.
Beth Costello: Yes, I'll add a couple points. So, again, on the liability lines, as Chris has said, we feel very good about the loss trend that we've been building into our picks. And pricing has been above that, as well as the fact that we've been taking underwriting actions for a number of years, which also has the effect of sort of stabilizing those loss picks, so, all that feels very good. And then, the one area that we called out relative to performing slightly better than our expectations this quarter was in the non-cap property line, primarily in Small Commercial. And that line quarter-to-quarter, you can see some just normal volatility in that. But overall, I would say when you look at all of our loss picks and what we anticipated at the beginning of the year, things are in line with that.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much. I appreciate the detail in the face of my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe staying on workers' comp for a second, I don't know if you'd be willing to share maybe one level deeper here in a public forum. But I was curious to hear more about maybe each of the severity and frequency trends that you're seeing there and expectations there. I know that overall loss trends maybe moved up a little bit, but are still remaining below the long-term expectation. But we'd love to peel the onion a little bit if we could.
Chris Swift: Yes, I think we said it pretty clearly, Yaron. I don't know what to say other than our 5% long-term medical inflation trend, or below that. We've said in the past that maybe medical trend is ticked up just a little bit from two-ish to maybe three-ish, which I think still applies. We never talked about frequency trends just because we don't. So, sorry to disappoint you, but I think we've given you enough.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. No, I figure it would be worth a try. And then, maybe moving to Group Benefits, and I know I asked about this last quarter, so I apologize if it sounds like I'm harping on this. I don't mean to. I do think that as underwriters obviously the art is balancing between margin and growth. And considering just what seems to be like sustainable outperformance on the margin side, I would be curious to hear more about maybe why not give a little bit more on the pricing in order to achieve more growth. And I know that last quarter you talked about taking the life pricing up a bit because of the endemic expectations. But are you overshooting there?
Chris Swift: No.
Yaron Kinar: No?
Chris Swift: Well and again, I'm looking at Jonathan too. Again, I understand, and we do art and science. But remember, particularly in this life area, generally these contracts are four to five to six year with rate guarantees. So, the margin for error there is really, really tight. And we don't want to have any errors. So, we don't want to have any whoopsies. So, that discipline is there. The disabilities generally, three year rate guarantees. So, a little different than sort of short, pale P&C businesses, which you get to reprice every six or 12 months. So, that's where the additional caution and mechanisms come into play when you're making those medium term commitments. But Jonathan, what would you add?
Jonathan Bennett: Chris, only that I'd like it to be more like a dial. And I could turn it two clicks and I could trigger something to that effect. But Yaron, it doesn't really work that way. So, we get into, in particular, when you're in some of the larger market. The cases do have data credibility. We get a lot of information. We pour through that and we position ourselves to compete hard. So, there is no shortage of work on our part to be digging into that environment and to win those cases. And we'll keep at it. If we find ourselves off by more than we feel comfortable with, then we feel like the discipline of walking away is the right answer. And we'll continue to exercise that prudence. But make no mistake about it. We're interested in competing hard for the growth. And we will continue to work at that, staying true to our outlook on trend and our expectations and requirements for profitability as well.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. And here's no whoopsies.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Peter Knudsen from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Peter Knudsen: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I'm just following up on comments and the prepared remarks about the Hartford's continued mix shift to property and maybe versus a prior comment about some pressure from workers' comp on commercial margins, could you talk a little bit about how that mix shift might help those margins and if that's potentially enough to offset any of that pressure?
Chris Swift: Yes, I would share with you, Peter. Obviously, it depends on your view of loss picks. But generally, property is going to have a lower loss ratio, combined ratio than comp given its long tail duration. So, that's just the obvious. If you mix more of that in the overall portfolio of underlying combined ratio particularly will go down. I think we've talked about it in the past that we are willing to grow in property principally because we've made so many investments that allow us to compete thoughtfully and earn good returns with good risk management tools, with a diversified portfolio that doesn't have outsized CAT to it. So, again, it's just not just because we want to grow. I mean, we have to have the capabilities to. And we have worked really, really hard and invested a lot of time and energy over the last five years to put ourselves in a position to compete today to earn good risk adjusted returns. So, I think that's an important component. I think the other component I'll just give you is, I think we're on track to come close to $3 billion of written premium this year, which would be up from $2 billion couple of years back and growing nicely in sort of that 20% range, I think I said in my prepared remarks. So, you put it all together, and we're competing well in an environment where there's a lot of disruption and a lot of complexity, but we're able to navigate it because of the investments and skills and talented people we have in the building today.
Peter Knudsen: Okay, great. Thank you. And just following up on a prior question, I know we talked about national account pricing, so I won't get into that. But national accounts did see large growth this quarter, a decent acceleration from the first quarter. So, I'm wondering if maybe you guys could just talk a little bit about the opportunity you're seeing there and what was driving that?
Morris Tooker: Yes, Peter, it's Mo. The national accounts business, which is really our large casualty business with deductibles, I think the quarter-over-quarter compares to the sequential quarter is a hard compare because the renewal date is really different. That business has chunky renewal dates. So, I would think the year-over-year quarter compares a better one. But overall, we feel incredibly good about the national accounts book. That is a disciplined underwriting process. The teams are doing well. We want to grow it. We did win some new business in the second quarter, but I think the best compare is the second quarter of last year.
Operator: And we have now reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Susan Spivak for closing remarks.
Susan Spivak: Thank you all for joining us today. And as always, please reach out with any additional questions. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford Financial First Quarter 2024 Results Webcast. Today's conference is being recorded.
 [Operator Instructions] 
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Susan Bernstein: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on first quarter 2024 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all the earnings-related materials on our website.
 Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. To start, we have Chris Swift, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Beth Costello, our Chief Financial Officer. After their prepared remarks, we will begin taking your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team.
 Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings.
 Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement.  
 Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast, and an official transcript, will be available on The Hartford's website for 1 year.
 I'll now turn the call over to Chris. 
Christopher Swift: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. The Hartford had a strong start to the year, sustaining outstanding financial results through the first quarter. Our strategy and ongoing investments, combined with disciplined underwriting and pricing execution, exceptional talent, and innovative customer-centric technology, continue to drive outperformance.
 Let me call your attention to some highlights we achieved in the quarter. Top line growth in Commercial Lines of 8% and with an underlying combined ratio of 88.4%, strong renewal written pricing increases in Commercial and Personal Lines, Group Benefits core earnings margin of 6.1% and solid performance in our investment portfolio, all these contributed to an outstanding and industry-leading trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 16.6% reflecting consistency of our margins and a continued growth generated by our businesses.
 Now let me share a few details from the quarter. Commercial Lines performance reflects strong top line growth at highly profitable margins. In the marketplace, we are prudently taking advantage of elevated submission flow, in part driven by the investments we have made to expand our product capabilities and the efficiency of the broker and agent experience.
 From that flow, we are using our data science advancements, pricing expertise in industry-leading underwriting tools to drive profitable double-digit new business growth in each of our three businesses. In addition, retention is steady and exposure growth remains solid although moderating from the elevated levels seen in the past couple of years.  
 In Small Commercial, we are shattering previous quarterly written premium records while sustaining underlying margins. New business growth was 11% in the quarter, driven by strong submission flow and growth in E&S binding. We are particularly pleased with E&S binding, a key area of focus, which is on track to grow annual written premiums by approximately 50% in 2024 to nearly $300 million.  
 I remain incredibly pleased with the overall performance in Small Commercial and bullish on its outlook. We expect to sustain outstanding financial results by reliably serving agents and customers with industry-leading products and unmatched ease of conducting business and unrivaled pricing accuracy.  
 Moving to Middle & Large Commercial. The financial performance continues to be exceptional. Written premium growth reflects strong renewal rate execution and new business growth of 18% with an especially good quarter in guaranteed cost construction and general industries. We are building a track record of delivering meaningful growth while consistently maintaining underlying margins.
 The stellar performance in this business is a direct result of our underwriting discipline, enabled by the investments we have made to enhance our capabilities. Combining these advantages with our best-in-class talent and the strength of our distribution relationships, we remain well positioned to profitably grow this business.
 In Global Specialty, results were excellent with underlying margins consistent with last year and solid top line growth reflecting our competitive position, breadth of products and strong renewal written pricing. Written premium growth was propelled by a 20% increase in our wholesale business with significant contributions from primary and excess casualty lines.
 We are particularly pleased with wholesale construction activity found in the quarter as well as overall increased submission flow, both meaningful drivers of new business growth. We remain excited about the Global Specialty business, including our position in wholesale and reinsurance market and from a broadened product portfolio.
 Looking across Commercial Lines, we continue to grow our property book, another key area of focus. We are capitalizing on favorable market conditions with a disciplined approach, including no change in our catastrophe risk appetite.
 Property written premium for the quarter was approximately 17% higher than in 2023. 
 Turning to pricing. Excluding workers' compensation, Commercial Lines renewal written pricing rose [ 0.7% ] from the fourth quarter to 9% with strong low double-digit pricing in property and auto and high single digit in general liability.
 Public D&O pricing is still pressured, though relatively stable with the fourth quarter. All in, ex comp renewal written pricing in Commercial Lines remained comfortably above loss cost trends.
 In workers' compensation, renewal written pricing remained slightly positive in the quarter. In summary, Commercial Lines delivered an outstanding first quarter results with ongoing momentum in the market.
 Moving to Personal Lines. Our first quarter financial performance demonstrate the progress towards restoring targeted profitability in auto, as we continue to address current loss trends. Auto renewal written price increases of nearly 26% have likely peaked given our view of moderating loss trends for the remainder of the year.
 In addition, we have achieved new business rate adequacy in the vast majority of states and as a result have resumed national advertising this month. In homeowners, renewal written pricing of 15% during the quarter comprised of net rate and insured value increases outpaced underlying loss cost trends.
 This year, we are celebrating our 40th anniversary with AARP. In 1984, we embarked on this journey with a shared vision and commitment to serve mature market customers. Our focus on this preferred segment, coupled with our modern innovative and digitally enhanced product and platform prevail is a competitive advantage.
 Our updated offering is currently available in 42 states and represents approximately 60% of our new business premium this quarter. With pricing gains, enhanced risk segmentation, and moderating loss trends, I expect Personal Lines to meaningfully contribute to core earnings as it returns to profitability in 2024 and reaches target margins in 2025.
 Turning to Group Benefits. Our core earnings margin of 6.1% for the quarter included improved mortality trends from the prior year and continued strong long-term disability claim recoveries. Fully insured ongoing premium growth of 2% reflects strong but slightly lower persistency and a 6% decline in sales primarily driven by group life, where we are being disciplined with pricing and underwriting in this competitive marketplace.
 We continue to strengthen our capabilities for customer service, with an extensive suite of tools for HR platform integration, member enrollment, process simplification and analytics. As part of our strategy to grow amongst small and midsized businesses, we are investing in our platform. This includes strengthening distribution relationships and actively seeking out new partnerships. Employers are more focused than ever on the needs of their employees and our products and services are a key part of that value proposition.
 Moving to investments. The portfolio continues to support The Hartford's financial and strategic goals performing well across a range of asset classes and market conditions, and Beth will provide more details.  
 In summary, The Hartford delivered another strong quarter with sustained momentum heading into the remainder of the year.
 Let me reiterate why I am so bullish about the future. First, our financial results continue to prove the effectiveness of our strategy and the impact of ongoing investments in our business. Second, Personal Lines results are showing improvement. We are achieving necessary rate increases, and expect 2024 margins to progress towards targeted profitability. Third, with our disciplined underwriting and pricing execution, exceptional talent, an innovative customer-centric technology, we will continue to sustain superior results. Fourth, investment income remained solid, supported by elevated yields and a diversified and durable portfolio of assets. 
 And finally, we remain dedicated to enhancing shareholder value through supporting organic growth, continued investment in our business and proactively managing our excess capital. All these factors contribute to my excitement and confidence about the future of The Hartford, and our ability to extend our track record of delivering industry-leading financial performance.  
 Now I'll turn the call over to Beth to provide more detailed commentary on the quarter. 
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were $709 million or $2.34 per diluted share with a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 16.6%. Commercial Lines had an outstanding quarter with core earnings of $546 million and an underlying combined ratio of 88.4%, in line with our expectations and slightly better than the prior year first quarter.
 Small Commercial continued to deliver excellent results with written premium growth of 8%, and an underlying combined ratio of 89.6, further building on its impressive track record of delivering an underlying combined ratio below 90.
 Middle & Large Commercial also delivered outstanding results with 9% growth over the prior year and this marks the fourth consecutive quarter of written premium exceeding $1 billion. The underlying combined ratio was excellent at 89.2, a 0.7 point improvement over first quarter 2023, primarily due to a lower expense ratio driven by the impact of strong earned premium growth.
 Global Specialty's underlying combined ratio was an exceptional 85.3, relatively flat to the prior year. Written premium growth of 8% was driven by accelerating renewal written price increases and new business growth of 17%, excluding Global Re.  
 In Personal Lines, core earnings for the quarter were $33 million with an underlying combined ratio of 96.1, including a strong homeowners underlying combined ratio of 77. The auto underlying combined ratio of 104.4 was in line with our expectations and is a year-over-year improvement of 3.7 points. Once the reported ratio for the first quarter of 2023 is increased for the 3 points of development that occurred in the second quarter of 2023.
 This result is consistent with achieving the 5- to 6-point full year improvement we previously discussed. Written premium in Personal Lines increased 13% over the prior year, driven by steady and successful rate actions. In auto, we achieved written pricing increases of 25.7% and earned pricing increases of 19.1%.
 In homeowners, written pricing increases were 15.2% for the quarter and 14.4% on an earned basis. The total Personal Lines expense ratio improved by 1.2 points, primarily driven by the impact of higher earned premium, partially offset by higher direct marketing costs as we increase our marketing spend to drive new business growth in those states where rates are adequate.
 With respect to catastrophes, P&C current accident year cats were $161 million before tax or 4.2 combined ratio points which compares to $185 million in 2023 or 5.3 points on the combined ratio. Total net favorable prior accident year development within core earnings was $32 million, primarily due to reserve reductions in workers' compensation, which were partially offset by reserve increases in general liability, assumed reinsurance and ocean marine.
 In addition, we had $7 million of favorable development in personal auto physical damage. We also recorded $24 million before tax in deferred gain amortization related to the Navigators ADC. This positively impacted net income with no impact on core earnings. Based on our estimate of payment patterns, we expect total amortization of the deferred gain in 2024 will be approximately $125 million before tax with the remaining balance amortized in 2025.
 We have provided additional information in the appendix of our earnings slide deck on both this ADC and the A&E ADC for your reference.
 Turning to Group Benefits. Core earnings in the first quarter of $107 million and a 6.1% core earnings margin reflect improved life results, continued strong disability performance and fully insured premium growth. As a reminder, from a seasonality perspective, we tend to experience higher underlying loss costs in the first quarter.
 The group disability loss ratio of 70.1 improved 0.3 points from 2023, driven by continued strong claim recoveries, partially offset by higher incidents in paid family leave and short-term disability products. The group life loss ratio of 82.6 improved 4.1 points versus prior year, reflecting improved mortality.
 Fully insured ongoing premium growth of 2% was driven by exposure growth, which remained positive, albeit at a lower rate than in the prior year. Book persistency in the first quarter of 2024 was strong at over 90%, but approximately 1.5 points below record high levels in 2023.
 Turning to investments. Our diversified investment portfolio continues to produce solid results. For the quarter, net investment income was $593 million. The total annualized portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships, was 4.3% before tax, consistent with the fourth quarter of 2023.
 Our annualized LP returns were 1.3% and included positive returns from our private equity portfolio. Our real estate equity portfolio returns were impacted by lower valuations and the absence of real estate JV equity sales.
 Given the current macroeconomic backdrop, limited partnership returns in the second quarter are likely to be similar to first quarter results, with private equity returns being offset by declines in real estate valuations and property depreciation with no sales activity.
 We continue to believe our real estate holdings are durable, and we will be patient as it relates to any sales in order to maximize value. Although we anticipate LP returns for the full year could be below 2023 results, we continue to believe that over the long term, results will continue to add value and be consistent with historical returns.
 The overall credit quality of the portfolio remains high with an average credit rating of A+. Net credit losses remain insignificant. 
 Turning to capital. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.8 million shares under our share repurchase program for $350 million, and we expect to remain at that level of repurchases in the second quarter. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $1 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization through December 31, 2024.
 To wrap up, our first quarter results reflect another quarter of delivering on our targeted returns to enhance value for all of our stakeholders.  
 I will now turn the call back to Susan. 
Susan Bernstein: Thank you. We will now take your questions. Operator, could you please repeat the instructions for asking a question? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Andrew Kligerman at TD Securities. 
Andrew Kligerman: Chris, I noticed in your opening remarks, you talked about some pressure on group life sales. Is that something that you foresee going forward? I mean overall sales were -- I think revenues were up about 2% in the quarter. So do you see that line being a bit pressured and maybe you could give us a little color on what's happening in the group life area? 
Christopher Swift: Happy to, Andrew. Welcome. Yes, we did call out a little lighter sales volume during the quarter. I'm looking at Jonathan Bennett, he could give you additional color also. 
 But I think, Andrew, you might recall, we've talked about being fairly disciplined in our thinking about where mortality is trending, particularly coming out after the pandemic. And the trends are downward, but we probably -- we believe we're still operating in an endemic state of mortality, which means it's going to be higher than normal, which we think will continue for at least the next couple of years. And we've been pricing our product with that view, which obviously has an impact then on sales if market participants don't have a similar view.
 So I think it's all good, it's all healthy. For us, again, key message I want you to know we're being discipline, but it might come at a cost of slightly lower group life sales than we maybe have enjoyed in the past.
 But Jonathan, what would you add? 
Jonathan Bennett: Yes, Chris, I agree with everything you've said. And I think, Andrew, just reinforced the importance of us having our point of view and executing on that in the marketplace. If you think about where we are in the group life cycle, we're looking to the future, we're seeing improvements. When you look back at your trends, which is where you start and thinking about your pricing philosophy, a lot of that data is loaded with excess mortality and COVID losses. 
 So the first step you have to do is figure out what to extract, how to normalize, if you will, for that data. And it might sound obvious to say, well, just take all the COVID claims out, but that's not how they always get reported. And so as a result, there is a fair amount of variation in judgment applied as you do that.
 And then looking forward, you need to make a call on where you feel like mortality will be in the next 3 to 5 years. And as we sit here today, if you were to pull some CDC data, I think you would see that the reported deaths are still trending -- are still a bit higher than they were prior to the pandemic.
 So when we weave all that in, we have our conviction about where we think things are going. But I would say the range right now in the marketplace in pricing is about as wide as it's been ever based on all of those ambiguities and how pricing can be developed.
 And that really is, I think, what's the cause for some uncertainty in the marketplaces. But as Chris said, we have a strong point of view on where we are. We're confident and comfortable with that and we'll continue to compete. Our capabilities are actually as strong as ever in that marketplace, and we feel quite good about our positioning. 
Andrew Kligerman: That's very helpful. And then my follow-up is, there's been a ton of talk now about long-tail reserving. I mean, for a while, it's been 16 to 19 underwriting years. Now people are talking about 20 to 22 or 23. And when we looked at your reserves this quarter, I mean, it looked pretty modest in general liability and assumed re, and marine, and those were 16 to 19 years per your releases.
 Any concerns? I mean, you looked great, but some of your competitors didn't. And so anything to read into going forward? Any concerns on your part? 
Christopher Swift: Yes, Andrew, I'll start and I'll let Mo and Beth add their commentary. But yes, I'm not going to speak to competitors because everyone is just slightly different, but the confidence that we have particularly in our current loss picks are very, very high. And I think the context that I think Mo and Beth will explain to you is that we've been hard at work in sort of improving our underwriting our book, reunderwriting it, looking at different classes of business, changing terms and conditions, and Mo will give you more color. Beth can talk about the actuarial analysis that we do on a quarterly basis, which is very robust and gives us a high degree of confidence in our picks, particularly for the most recent years.
 But we're also humble enough to admit we didn't get everything right over the last 5 years. And when we feel that adjustments are made, we're pretty clear and transparent about why we're making those adjustments, and that will continue going forward. But Andrew, as we sit here today, I think you got it right, we feel good, we're not immune, but on a relative basis, I think we'll be better than most.
 But Mo, Beth, what would you add? 
Beth Bombara: So I'll start, and then I'll let Mo provide some color and just add on to what Chris indicated. But as you noted, Andrew, in the general liability reserves, the prior year development that we recorded this quarter was related to the 2016 to 2019 years since some large loss activity. And as Chris said, we do evaluate these reserves quarter-to-quarter and when we see activity, we do react to it.
 As it relates to the more current years, those tend to trend very well. As you know, these are long-tail liabilities. So even if in the short term, they're looking strong. We don't react to that because, as I said, these are long tailed in nature. But overall, we've not seen things in the more recent years that would cause us to change our picks at this point.  
 And when I look at a variety of measures, and I know you do as well, IBNR levels, paid activity, I think our more recent accident years stand out as being strong. But it's also really important to understand, as Chris was indicating, actions that we've taken over this period to improve the overall book, which even adds to how we feel about our overall reserves in the more current years.
 But maybe, Mo, I'll turn it to you to talk about some of the things that you and your team have been doing over the last several years in this area. 
Adin Tooker: Yes, Andrew, maybe three themes just to build on Beth's point about actions we've taken over that time period. So first is, obviously, we've put significant rate in each of those years since 2019 in each of the three books, and that is well in excess of some healthy trend.  
 Second theme I would put out there is just remember the SME nature of our book, I mean, we just have a lower underlying, for example, auto exposure. Just to give you 1 stat, 79% of our middle-market umbrella book attaches for clients with less than 10 vehicles. So it gives you a sense of the size of fleets, which is where a lot of the pressure is coming from is just auto. We don't have a transportation book of any real note. We don't really -- we've never deployed limits of greater than $25 million gross, and we have important reinsurance involved there. 
 And then the third, Andrew, I just -- I think we've taken significant underwriting actions as both Chris and Beth referred to, since 2019, and that's industry related, it's related to litigation hotspots. We've managed limits. Just as one example in our global specialty book, we got out of all primary GL high-hazard in 2017. We just didn't think we could make money. And we haven't gone back in just because we still don't think that marketplace is there.
 And so I just -- Andrew, I hope that gives you a sense of the book, and we continue to invest in tools that are allowing our underwriters to make choices based on litigation hotspots, based on industry, based on underlying auto. So we just -- we've worked really hard at this, and I think that contributes to some of the lack of news that you're seeing here. 
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Elyse Greenspan at Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question was on the Personal Lines side. Just kind of following up, I think, Chris, you said that you guys are kind of turning on new business growth or did turn on this quarter that you're at rate adequacy in the vast majority of states.
 Can you just give us a sense, I guess, what are you seeing from a frequency and severity perspective right now? And what do you expect, I guess, looking out over the next 12 months, you said when you put the expectation out that you expect to get to profitability this year and then reach the target in 2025? 
Christopher Swift: Elyse, thank you for the question and joining us. We're pretty pleased with the start on Personal Lines in totality. You saw the metrics that we've talked about, 25.7% written rate increase for auto, 15-ish in home, and I think the team is executing very, very well.
 I would give you a couple of data points to have you consider. As we think about the full year in '24, we still see auto getting about 20 points of rate, plus or minus. So we still have that conviction, which then lays the foundation for the targeted profitability in 2025 that we've been talking about. I would say we're beginning to see moderation both in our auto loss cost trends on a BI and a PD basis, not going to give you precise numbers just because it could be bouncy any 1 quarter to 1 quarter.
 But overall trends for '23, let's say, we're in the mid-single digits. And I expect -- excuse me, mid-double digits. And I expect that to come down into the low double-digit range here in '24. Maybe there could be more improvement from there, but that's our best call at this point in time.
 And I think Beth importantly reiterated our point of view that we do see 5 to 6 points of underlying auto loss ratio improvement in 2024. And I think that, again, will put us on the right track to hitting targeted profitability in '25. So yes, we are rate adequate in 80% of our states. There's a couple of states that are going to be laggards for a while. They'll go nameless. But we feel good about what we're doing with auto.
 And then likewise, with home, you saw the underlying combined ratios improved over years. I thought our cat performance in total for the quarter, although slightly elevated to expectations, was still in line or within a range of long-term trends. So pleased with the team and what they're doing both in auto and home in Personal Lines.
 Beth, would you add anything? 
Beth Bombara: Yes. Just a couple of things. Also, I'd point out that we did see some favorable development on the '23 accident year primarily coming out of the fourth quarter for auto physical damage. So we see that as an important proof point, too. I just want to clarify on Chris' comment on the book loss trend, mid-teens.
 So that is mid double-digit, but just to be clear, mid-teens, and we do expect that to decline over the period. But as Chris said, we're being cautious and looking at it very carefully and feel very good to be on track to get to the improvement that we laid out at the beginning of the year. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then my follow-up is on Commercial Lines. Looking at the price disclosure, stable on a reported basis, right, but that obviously reflects the comp concentration. How do you guys see just pricing across Commercial Lines playing out as we move through this year? 
Christopher Swift: Yes. I'll add my color, and then Mo will add his. But I hope you felt it in our tone, Elyse, we're really pleased. The team is working hard from an execution side, to have ex-comp. Our written renewal rate increased, increased to 70 basis points, I thought it was healthy. That does include an element of exposure to that excess rate, which we call out in the general 2.3 points range or 25% exposure, 75% rate base.  
 So I think we see a lot of stability in the marketplace and still very optimistic as we play out 2024 here. So I think that, again, why we talked about early on of the year of the stability of our margins and generally having a consistent outcome compared to 2023, I think it's still alive and well in our thesis as we execute here through midyear.
 But Mo, what would you add? 
Adin Tooker: Yes, Elyse, I would say it's competitive but generally supportive because we talked about properties moderating a little bit outside of our BOP, and the BOP is still accelerating just in terms of what we're able to get there in terms of rate. The excess in umbrella is accelerating again, and auto is accelerating again. So broadly, I just -- I think we feel like the market is being fairly disciplined, fairly disciplined, and supportive of what we're trying to get done for the year. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gregory Peters at Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: Great. So Chris, in your prepared comments, you talked about the no change in sort of the catastrophe profile of your property business. And yet you said that you're growing your property business, I think you -- the number you cited was 17% higher in the quarter. Maybe you can help reconcile how you grow your property business and not change your cat profile? 
Christopher Swift: Well, cat profile versus risk appetite, I'd see a little difference. I mean, we're not increasing our property cat appetite per se. We've always said that we're willing to write property if it comes with some incremental small elements of cat, in which I think we've been managing perfectly and Mo could give you more colors.
 But I would say -- and let me just give you a couple of stats is that pricing in our property book, ex our Global Re business is about 14% up compared to 14.4% in the fourth quarter. As I said, we're growing at 17% and we're growing it in an important line: spectrum, E&S binding, our general industries properties.
 Our large property capabilities are up almost 35%. And again, the pricing, I think, is still firmed and holding up pretty well. 
 But Mo, what would you add? 
Adin Tooker: Yes, Greg, I would just say that there are a couple of cat metrics that the team were really focused on. And for example, a, also annual aggregate loss to premium ratios trying to keep those flat. So as premium goes up, obviously, we would like the AAL to stay relatively flat. 
 And the same thing as we think about tail, we don't want to put on the risk without thinking about the tail risk. So we are closely looking at tail multiples like, for example, 100-year PMLs over premium. So those are the types of ratios that we're watching. So yes, the exposure itself is growing certainly from a cat perspective, but we're trying to keep it in balance as to the same rate as premium growth. 
Charles Peters: Okay. That makes sense. So then building on some of your previous answers, I'm looking at the stats on new business production policy counts inside your commercial business and things look like they're going really well.
 I do remember a couple of quarters ago, you calling out some price competition in the middle market area. Just trying to get an update on, it seems pretty stable and the outlook seems pretty bullish. But when you look forward, what are the areas that you're concerned about for potential competitive challenges? 
Christopher Swift: Yes. It's a competitive market. And I would say, especially in the larger end of each of our segments, so the larger end of small, we are finding more competitive, the larger end of middle is more competitive, and the larger end of the specialty business. So anything with a lot of premium on the slip typically has a little more competition to it.
 But the only area that we're dramatically pulling back on is, as we've talked about many times, is public D&O. We just haven't seen that market stabilize the way we would like to. So you will see that book continue to shrink. Outside of that, Greg, I think we feel pretty good about the rest of the portfolio. 
Operator: We'll go next to Josh Shanker at Bank of America. 
Joshua Shanker: Looking at the rate that you're pushing through on auto, in particular, obviously, it's sizable. Year-over-year, the policy count is down is around about 5%, which -- that might be a good outcome given how much rate you're pushing through. One of your probably the largest direct competitor in the market, they raised prices not as much as you over the last couple of years have lost 20% of their business.
 What is the experience of retaining clients given that you are a direct carrier and you only can present them with Hartford product? Are they wanting to change and you're committing them to stay? Are they doing buy-downs? How is that experience coming with the retention? 
Christopher Swift: Josh, thank you for joining us. Yes, that's the trade-off we're making right now, lower retention for a more profitable cohort to get us back to that targeted profitability. So I don't think it's outside of the range of expectations that we've had as far as that trade-off.
 I think we've talked about sort of the PIF count decline compared to 2023 before. We still see that in that 4% range. So again, that speaks to our conviction to get the necessary rate in the book. And you're right, I mean it's a direct response business. I mean, it's Middle America from a customer side. So there's not a lot of, I'll call it, financial engineering we're doing vis-a-vis rate buydowns on auto or home, deductibles, things like that. It's pretty straightforward. We're sort of -- again, strictly in the admitted business.
 But I think generally, people understand the need to keep up with trend, the inflationary pressures, the weather patterns are changing, all the social litigation and legal abuse systems that we've talked about is keeping pressure on our loss cost. And again, we've been able to work with our regulators to get rates approved either on a pre-approved basis or file and use. So I think we're executing well, and it's still a very dynamic and challenged environment. 
Joshua Shanker: I don't mean to belabor the point, but I'm just curious if the customers are giving you a chance to retain them, are they calling up and asking what can we do to help me? Or are you just getting a notification that they've left to a competitor? 
Christopher Swift: I think it's more of the latter. I don't think we're having very many negotiations over the phone as far as our product and our offer. And we're being empathetic when we talk to our customers, particularly the mature customers, but there's not a negotiation. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Ward at Citi. 
Michael Ward: I was wondering if you could maybe help us with some of the puts and takes driving the underlying loss ratio in commercial and I guess, across the commercial subsegments? 
Christopher Swift: Mike, when you say puts and takes, compared to prior year, what do you have in mind? What are you trying to get at? 
Michael Ward: Yes. Well, I think last year, you had mentioned, I think, commercial -- Small Commercial was hotter. Just trying to see how the underlying is doing year-over-year. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. I would just share with you. From an expectation side, everything is pretty much right on line. I mean if you -- obviously, you could see we improved slightly on a loss ratio basis. From prior year our non-cat property is pretty consistent with prior year and maybe even slightly ahead of our expectations. So I don't want to avoid -- I don't want you to feel like we're avoiding a question, but there's nothing to call out. 
Michael Ward: Okay. And then maybe just on the loss trend. I know you said pricing was still ahead of loss trend. Just curious how loss trend assumptions if they're steady in the first quarter relative to, I guess, '23? 
Christopher Swift: Yes, I would say generally, our views on loss trends from '23 have increased modestly and that's obviously reflected in what we're trying to execute from a written rate side and the discipline we have there. And again, that the guidance that we try to give our underwriters with appropriate discretion, but yes, I would say loss trend is up modestly in '24 compared to '23. 
Operator: We'll move next to Brian Meredith at UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Yes. I was hoping, could you give us what your kind of E&S growth was in the quarter in your Commercial Lines space? And just maybe your thoughts, is that a market that you continue to expect to grow at a pretty healthy rate here going forward? 
Christopher Swift: Yes, Brian, I'll look to Mo to add any of his color. But I would -- there's two E&S components I'd have you think about. One is in Small, right? Our E&S binding business, which we've called out and we'd like to try to get to that $300 million level. And then, obviously, all our E&S capabilities within Global Specialty, whether it be property or casualty, that is an important component of what we're trying to do in the marketplace. 
 But Mo, what would you add from an overall growth rate perspective? 
Adin Tooker: Brian, I would say we're excited about the flow in both of the channels that Chris talks about, both in that binding, which is the Small Commercial and the flow into our brokerage that continues to grow nicely. We saw -- we continue to see the growth, as Chris called out in his prepared remarks on the binding side. And we're seeing really good growth in the brokerage side, which sits in our Global Specialty business in both primary casualty, excess casualty, that rate environment continues to accelerate, as I talked about earlier. 
 We're undersized in property brokerage and in Global Specialty, we're undersized in inland marine, we're undersized in auto. So we just see that, especially on the global specialty side, there's plenty of opportunity and the flow is there to support it. 
Brian Meredith: Great. That's helpful. And then second question, Chris, bigger picture question here. Looking at your Personal Lines business and understanding that the last couple of years have been challenging from inflation stuff, but if I look at your homeowners business, it's been close to a decade since you've grown unit volume there. In auto it's probably 6, 7 years, maybe a blip here and there. I'm just curious, maybe what kind of was going on during that period? And is the Prevail product kind of the answer to that now, where maybe at some point here, we'll see [indiscernible] start to grow unit in the Personal Lines space? 
Christopher Swift: Brian, I appreciate the question. I'm going to spare the torture going back 7, 8 years for everyone on what didn't go right. But I think more importantly, and we've talked about it in the various settings that, the Prevail product and platform does give us a step-change in our abilities to effectively compete in our core market, which is a mature preferred segment through an AARP endorsement that will allow us to be more competitive in auto, in home, and as much as I said, we do continue to expect PIF count, particularly in auto to decline this year by 4%. 
 We've also talked about that we feel like we can start to grow PIF count modestly in '25, and then maybe more meaningfully in '26. So I think that's where we're at. We've made the investment. We're in 42 states. We should be in 46 by the end of the year and couple of other states will lag a little bit.
 But I think it gives us every opportunity to be growth-orientated. And then we'll see where we could take the Prevail platform. Right now, it's obviously geared towards a direct response platform and channel, but maybe there's others that we would explore getting into at the right time. 
 Once we finish off the implementation of Prevail in the vast -- or all the states feasible, we'll start to think about the future a little bit differently. But we want to take care of the core right now. We want to get it back to overall profitability, particularly in auto, and then we'll build from there, Brian. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. And on the homeowners, the geographic constraints, just given where a lot of your customers maybe as far as growth? 
Christopher Swift: No. I mean, we're obviously in all 50 states on minute basis. You know we paused our new homeowners in California, which is a writing new homeowners business until the regulatory reforms get enacted to allow us to match price and risk appropriately. So that's the only self-imposed constraint we had. There's no other constraint besides our long-standing not writing any new homeowners business in Florida since 15, 16 years -- almost 20 years ago, I bet. 
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Zaremski at BMO. 
Michael Zaremski: Did you comment on what drove the pricing increases in Commercial? I think it came from Global Specialty. Any color there, if that's a trend or just maybe something this mix one-off? 
Christopher Swift: Ask the question again, Michael, I don't think I understood you. 
Michael Zaremski: Sorry, the Commercial pricing, renewal written pricing increased ex comp from 8.3 to 9, I think that was driven by the Global Specialty segment. Could you comment kind of if there's a trend there that's causing pricing to move north? 
Christopher Swift: Yes, I would say that the components that are driving that is primarily global. Global had a good quarter. I'm looking at through my sheets and all the casualty lines, property lines, international rebounded in a good way. So that's what I would call out.
 But Mo, what would you add? 
Adin Tooker: No. I think we are continuing to see moderation in the negative rates on public D&O. We're certainly seeing a shift in our portfolio towards more of the management and professional liability. So there's a mix coming through there, that's a part of it. I don't want to get too nuanced on you, but just that's the only additional detail I would give to Chris' comments. 
Beth Bombara: The only other thing I would add to that is when you look at the Small Commercial side, ex comp, definitely saw rate increase there coming from the Spectrum product. So again, obviously, workers' comp is a large portion of Small Commercial. But if you ex that out, that contributed to the ex comp growth as well. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful color. And I guess lastly, just not trying to nitpick, but the -- you mentioned in the prepared -- or in your comments, Chris, that a larger end of, I think, Small, more competitive, yet you're successfully accelerating growth on the business in Small Commercial. So any kind of color you'd want to offer there on those dynamics? 
Christopher Swift: Well, the only thing I'll say before Mo jumps in is, our Small Commercial franchise is world-class. 
Adin Tooker: Hard to build on that, but I will try. I think the nuance we're trying to strike for you is that there are competitive spots in the marketplace, and we're just really proud of how well our underwriters are navigating what is increased flow, and that increased flow doesn't come as all business that we want to write, and that's the same in Small, Middle and Global. The flow is up significantly in all three businesses, and we're just trying to get underwriters to really pick our spots, and that's what we're trying to call out, Mike. Thanks. 
Michael Zaremski: And I guess just is the Small -- you brought up E&S many times and there's different levels or different types of E&S, but it's been in your prepared remarks for a number of quarters. Is part of the E&S growth off of your Small Commercial chassis, which is kind of the world-class product? Or is it just -- is it totally separate type of underwrite platform? 
Adin Tooker: No, that's the beauty of the model, Mike. We're taking all of the strengths that we've had in the retail channel and applying the same business model to the wholesale channel, and that's why we're so excited. 
Operator: Next, we'll move to Yaron Kinar at Jefferies. 
Yaron Kinar: I think in your prepared comments and also in response to an earlier question, you talked about some of the pressure that you're seeing in the group life sales, just given your mortality expectations. That said, I think we're also seeing some slowdown in disability and voluntary. Can you maybe talk about the drivers for that slowdown? 
Christopher Swift: Yes. I'll just give you my point of view, and then I'll ask Jonathan to add. I don't think -- I think disability is performing exceptionally well, whether it be claim recoveries and terminations and getting people back to work. I think growth has been solid.  I'd say, I'm just wondering levels are behaving... 
Yaron Kinar: I was referring specifically to the top line, to the [ NPE ]. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. I'm giving you all the good stuff, and then I'll get to that. So again, I want you to feel like the book is healthy. And the top line, as I tried to address in my commentary, is a little challenged. Some of that is exceptional 2023 we had, but some of it is challenged, as we mentioned, due to our views on life insurance and how we're going to be disciplined there. 
 Jonathan, you can give you additional color. So JB, what would you say? 
Jonathan Bennett: So Yaron, just a couple of things on there. In terms of the top line, '23, of course, was pretty exceptional on all the key metrics, the drive result. But I think we are seeing really strong results here even in the first quarter of 2024 comparatively speaking. 
 But from a persistency standpoint, we still have book persistency in the low 90s, which is historically quite good. We're very excited about that. It was even higher a year ago. And I think that does reflect a little bit the competitive nature of the market and the more likelihood that a customer may, in fact, take a case or take their business out to market. So we're addressing all of that. I think we're working through those renewal challenges and being quite successful with it and very much picking our spots. .
 On the new sales, also a bit more competitive in that market. We're excited adding new lines of coverage to existing cases. That's always important. And I think one of the best opportunities we have to continued sales growth is rounding that out. There can be a little bit of a downside with that, of course, in some cases, around voluntary as an example. It's a smaller set of lines if the bigger lines like disability move, perhaps voluntary goes with it.
 So those kinds of effects in the marketplace as we're working through and addressing them, but we continue to have really strong results on supplemental health. And we've had some very exciting growth. It's a little bit more tapered right now, but an area that we continue to expand in and see a lot of big opportunities that trend into the future in 2024 and beyond, I can already see, continues to accelerate. So a place that we will stay focused and continue to deliver results. 
Yaron Kinar: And my second question, I want to make sure I heard, Chris, your comment correctly with regards to loss trends in personal auto. Did you say that they're currently in the low-teens or you expect them to be in the low-teens for '24? 
Christopher Swift: I was trying to do, compared to '23 to '24. Mid-teens in '23, low double digits in '24, or for the full year whatever I was just trying to say is that it bounces around from quarter-to-quarter. So I'd rather have you see the bigger picture trend that going from mid-teens down to even high double-digits is a pretty meaningful move. 
Yaron Kinar: And I guess the reason I'm asking this is it does seem to be a little bit higher than what we're seeing industry-wide right now? Is there something unique to the AARP book or to the policies that you're writing that, that would keep the loss trend a bit above maybe mid- to high single digits? 
Christopher Swift: I would just say our judgment and prudence is leading us to call that number where we sit today. And if it changes during the year, we'll let you know. 
Operator: Moving next, we'll go to Meyer Shields at KBW. 
Meyer Shields: I just had one question. I was hoping you could give us some guidance on how to think about how much lower the current Personal Lines expense ratio is compared to when you're in normal growth mode? 
Christopher Swift: So I would say on the expense ratio, I would have you think of the full year '23 compared to the full year '24 about being the same. 
 Beth, I don't know if you would add any? 
Beth Bombara: Yes, I would agree with that. As we go through '24, you might see a slight uptick in Q2 because as we said, we are turning on marketing. And again, as the rate continues to earn into the book, that will start to level off. But our overall expectation right now for Personal Lines expense ratio, as Chris said, full year this year to full year last year will be relatively flat. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Is it fair to think of it as being a little bit depressed just because of, I guess, the states where growth is, it doesn't make sense at? 
Christopher Swift: I don't think I understood the question. It was just hard to hear you. 
Meyer Shields: I'm sorry. No, I was trying to get a sense as to whether we should expect, we look out to whenever personal auto is normalized, that the expense ratio should be a little bit higher than where it's been running for the past couple of years. 
Christopher Swift: Not necessarily, right? I mean there's a volume issue, dollars and then a rate. So again, with the amount of rate we're getting the book, I think it's helping keep the ratio the same. We might actually be increasing dollars, which we are sort of in a J-curve model this year. But from a ratio side, that's why I tried to give you that full year number to sort of manage your expectation. 
Operator: And we'll move next to David Motemaden at Evercore ISI. 
David Motemaden: Just a question on the expense ratio in Commercial Lines. 20 basis points year-over-year improvement, obviously, following a strong year last year. I was wondering, is there anything one-off or anything that prevented us from seeing more expense ratio improvement year-over-year? 
Beth Bombara: So if you're looking at just quarter 1 to where we ended last year, I'll just remind you that in first quarter, we tend to see a higher expense ratio just because of some expense items that hit more heavily in Q1.
 When I think about Commercial Lines sort of full year this year for '24 compared to '23 expecting it to be relatively flat as we go through the year. Again, any 1 quarter, you can have some movements relative to bad debt reserve adjustments and things like that. But overall, we see it relatively consistent. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Bob Huang at Morgan Stanley. 
Jian Huang: Just maybe a follow-up on reserving. I think this is for rather Beth or Mo. When we think about the favorable reserving in workers' comp, just curious if there's a dollar amount that you can give us in terms of how favorable it was and how adverse general liability was? 
Beth Bombara: Sure. I'll take that. We actually have very detailed disclosures in our 10-Q and our IFS on that. So for workers' compensation, releases were about $67 million, and then we always have the workers discount accretion that comes in for 12 that goes offset against that.
 And then general liability was 17, and marine was 7, and assumed reinsurance was 9. But you could go to Page 38 in our 10-Q, and it lays it all out for you. 
Jian Huang: Yes, sorry for that. I must [indiscernible] so that's totally my fault. So maybe just a follow-up on that. Can you maybe talk about the current reserving environment for workers' comp in terms of as we now 3 years out from COVID, are there's still quite a bit of favorable uplift, so to speak, post-COVID or do you think the workers' comp book from a reserving perspective is likely to kind of normalize back down to more of a pre-2019 environment? 
Christopher Swift: Yes. It's a complicated question, but I would say I think it's normalized. Obviously, during COVID, there were a lot of assumptions made as far as where trends were that obviously turned out to be prudent, but sort of 2 years out from sort of the official end of workers' comp, I think trends are behaving as we would expect.
 Frequency continues to be positive. Severity is still within our expectations, which we always talked about, Bob, being a 5% trend, which, again, severity is behaving within that expectation. So yes, as I think about '23 and '24, with a lot of continuity and consistency in workers' comp trends. 
Operator: And that concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the conference back over to Susan Spivak for closing remarks. 
Susan Bernstein: Thank you all for joining us today. And as always, please reach out with any additional questions. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2023 The Hartford Financial Results Webcast. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Susan Spivak: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all of the earnings-related materials on our website. For the call today our participants are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; Jonathan Bennett, Group Benefits; Stephanie Bush, Small Commercial and Personal Lines; and Mo Tooker, Middle & Large Commercial and Global Specialty. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information on forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I will start with a summary of our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results, which are simply stellar. Then I'll turn the call over to Beth to dive deeper into our financial performance and key metrics, after which I will close our prepared remarks with a review of expectations for 2024. We then will be joined by our business leaders as we move into Q&A. So let's get started. The Hartford is pleased to report an excellent fourth quarter, capping another outstanding year of financial performance and achievement of our strategic objectives. These results demonstrate the power of the franchise and in particular, our superior underwriting execution, depth of distribution relationships and unmatched customer experience. I am grateful for the commitment, dedication and hard work of our 19,000 employees who show up every day to deliver for our customers, partners and shareholders. Let me call your attention to some highlights for both the quarter and the year. Top line growth in Commercial Lines was 9% for the quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 86.6%, and growth was 10% for the year with an 87.8% underlying combined ratio. We achieved strong renewal written pricing increases across P&C during the quarter and for the year, including notable double-digit increases in commercial property, personal auto and homeowners in the quarter. Group Benefits fully insured premium growth was 6% for the quarter with a core earnings margin of 9.8%, and growth was 7% for the year with a core earnings margin of 8.1%. We delivered strong investment performance with an 80 basis points increase in the portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships for the full year. All these items contributed to an outstanding and industry-leading core earnings ROE of 15.8%. Now let me share a few details from each of our businesses. Our Commercial Lines business completed its third straight year of double-digit top line growth and underlying margin expansion. Written premium growth of 10% for the year was driven by meaningful exposure growth, pricing increases across most lines and strong new business growth in each of our three businesses. As expected, underlying margins improved 0.5 point as slight headwinds in workers' compensation were more than offset by earned pricing, exceeding loss cost trends across the rest of the portfolio and by improved expense leverage. Small Commercial remains a highly profitable growth engine for The Hartford. 2023 included record-breaking annual written premium of $5 billion and a decade-long trend of annual sub-90 underlying combined ratios. Spectrum, our best-in-class package product, continues to outperform in a competitive marketplace, contributing to annual new business premium growth up 20% over prior year. Im incredibly pleased with the overall performance in Small Commercial, a business we expect will sustain outstanding results with industry-leading products and unmatched ease of conducting business and unrivaled pricing accuracy. Moving to Middle & Large Commercial. The performance has also been truly exceptional. Our team has improved annual underlying margins by approximately 10 points since 2019, while adding over $900 million in written premium at a 7% compounded annual growth rate. In 2023, written premiums grew 9%, reflecting strong rate execution and new business growth. Submissions, quotes and the hit rate are all up over prior year as we leveraged advanced underwriting capabilities, particularly within the low end of Middle Market. The stellar results in this business are a direct result of data science advancements, pricing expertise and industry-leading tools. Combining these advantages with our best-in-class talent and the strength of our distribution relationships, we are well positioned to sustain profitable growth in this business. In Global Specialty, advanced underwriting capabilities and continued discipline are driving targeted market share gains with excellent underlying margin performance that has hovered in the low to mid-80s for the past seven quarters. Our competitive position, breadth of products and solid renewal written pricing drove an 11% increase in net written premium for the year, including 33% in our Global Reinsurance business and mid double-digit growth in U.S. professional liability and international marine and energy. New business growth of 7% for the year and 20% for the fourth quarter was driven by significant increases in both submissions and quotes and wholesale. Renewal written pricing continues to accelerate in wholesale excess casualty, and property pricing has been above 20% all year. We remain excited about our position in the wholesale market and across Global Specialty with execution that has never been stronger. Looking across Commercial Lines. We are particularly pleased by the growth in property lines, a key area of focus. We will continue to capitalize on favorable market conditions with a thoughtful and disciplined approach. Property written premium of $2.5 billion for the year was approximately 20% higher than 2022. Turning to pricing. Commercial Lines renewal written pricing was 6%, an increase from 5.5% in the third quarter. Excluding workers' compensation, renewal written pricing rose four-tenths to 8.5% with strong property pricing at 11%, auto closing in on double-digits and many liability lines in the high single-digits. Public D&O pricing remained pressured, although the fourth quarter result was the lowest pricing decrease since the second quarter of 2022. In workers' compensation, renewal written pricing continues to exceed expectations, remaining slightly positive in the quarter. All in, ex comp renewal, written pricing in Commercial Lines remains comfortably on top of loss costs trends in the fourth quarter. In summary, Commercial Lines produced an exceptional quarter, closing out a very successful 2023. Moving to Personal Lines. Im pleased with our continued progress to address elevated loss costs trends in both auto and home. During the quarter, we achieved auto renewal written price increases of nearly 22% and new business rate adequacy in over half the states, representing two-thirds of our new business premium. In homeowners, renewal written pricing of 14.7% during the quarter, comprised of net rate and insured value increases, outpaced underlying loss cost trends. Our focus on the preferred market within the Personal Lines business is a competitive advantage with our modern, innovative and digitally enhanced offering, Prevail. This product and platform are currently available in 41 states with additional states coming online in 2024. Turning to Group Benefits. We had an exceptional year, delivering record core earnings of $567 million and an outstanding core earnings margin of 8.1% and strong fully insured ongoing premium growth of 7%, demonstrating focused execution, a resilient economy, improved mortality trends and continued strong disability results. 2023 disability loss ratio of 67.1% reflects low long-term disability incidence trends and favorable claim recoveries. In 2023, group life mortality trends have improved, though they remain above pre-pandemic levels. We expect the Group Benefits market to remain dynamic with digital transformation, product innovation and increasing customer demands. As a result, we are investing in this business and have a clear road map that Im confident will only strengthen our market leadership position. For example, building on our historically strong presence in national accounts with an enhanced approach for small to midsized employers, we view this as a key strategic initiative, leveraging our unique expertise in these markets. In addition, as we have discussed before, we struck a partnership with Beam, a dental and vision company to expand our product offerings for small to midsized employers. Overall, the strength of our Group Benefits diversified product portfolio, our commitment to outstanding customer experience using data and technology resonates in this marketplace, cementing our leadership position. Now I'll turn the call over to Beth to provide more detailed commentary on the quarter.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were $935 million or $3.06 per diluted share with a 12-month core earnings ROE of 15.8%. Commercial Lines had a very strong quarter and year with core earnings of $723 million and $2.2 billion, respectively. And an underlying combined ratio of 86.6 for the quarter and 87.8 for the year. Small Commercial continues to deliver excellent results with premium growth of 8% and an underlying combined ratio of 85.8 compared to 87.5 in the prior year fourth quarter. For the year, growth was 10% and the underlying combined ratio was 88.6. Middle & Large Commercial delivered its third straight quarter of written premium over $1 billion with 11% growth and an underlying combined ratio of 90.3. For 2023, growth was 9% with an underlying combined ratio of 89.3 compared to 92.1 in the prior year. Global Specialtys fourth quarter underlying combined ratio was an exceptional 82.9 and for the year improved 30 basis points to 84.3. In Personal Lines, core earnings for the quarter were $36 million with an underlying combined ratio of 99.5, including a strong homeowners underlying combined ratio of 67.3. The fourth quarter auto underlying combined ratio of 113.5 was better than our expectations due to lower auto physical damage losses. This result is an improvement of 5.1 points from the fourth quarter of 2022 once that quarter is adjusted for the adverse development recorded in the first half of 2023 related to the fourth quarter of 2022. Also, I will point out that during the fourth quarter of this year, we made no adjustments to loss reserves for prior accident years. As Chris indicated, we continue to pursue rate increases to offset the lost cost trends we are experiencing. Written premium and personal lines increased 12% over the prior year driven by steady and successful rate actions. In Auto, we achieved written pricing increases of 21.9% and earned pricing increases of 15.5%. In addition, we received approval for an 18.7% rate increase in California that was effective in January. In homeowners, written pricing increases were 14.7% for the quarter and 14% on an earned basis. The total Personal Lines expense ratio improved by 10 basis points, primarily driven by the impact of higher earned premium, partially offset by higher direct marketing cost. With respect to CATs P&C current accident year catastrophes were $81 million before tax, which compares to catastrophe losses of $135 million in the prior year quarter. Total net favorable prior accident year development within core earnings was $102 million, primarily concentrated in commercial lines as reserve reductions in workers compensation, catastrophes and bond were partially offset by reserve increases in assumed reinsurance and commercial auto liability. We completed our annual asbestos and environmental reserve study in the fourth quarter, resulting in an increase in reserves of $194 million comprised of $156 million for asbestos and $38 million for environmental. All of the $194 million was ceded to the adverse development cover. The increase in asbestos reserves was primarily due to an increase in the cost of resolving asbestos filings and a modest increase in the companys share of loss on a few specific individual accounts. The increase in environmental reserves was mainly due to higher estimated site remediation costs, including an increase in the estimates for PFAS exposures. After taking into consideration this years study, as of December 31, we have $62 million of coverage remaining on the A&E ADC and a deferred gain of $788 million. For our Navigators ADC, We have previously ceded the full limit of $300 million, of which $209 million has been recognized as a deferred gain within other liabilities. In 2024 we expect to start collecting recoveries on the ADC and as a result, amortization of the deferred gain is expected to begin in the first quarter. Based on our estimate of payment patterns, we expect total amortization of the deferred gain in 2024 will be approximately $125 million pre-tax, with the remaining balance amortized in 2025. This will positively impact net income and have no impact to core earnings. Before turning to Group Benefits, I would like to review the January 1 reinsurance renewals. Overall, we were very pleased with the placements and terms and conditions for our program. Our expiring core per occurrence catastrophe protection was renewed at an approximate 5% decrease in cost on a risk adjusted basis, which based on publicly available information, compares favorably with the overall market and speaks to the quality of our book of business, strong reinsurer relationships and favorable experience. There were some minor changes in the treaty that provides coverage for certain loss events under $350 million, but overall the structure of our property CAT program did not change significantly. Additionally, we secured another $300 million layer on top of our program through a combination of traditional reinsurance and sponsorship of a catastrophe bond. The addition of CAT bond protection furthers our goal of securing diversified, strongly rated protection that affords durability in both cost and availability. The majority of our occurrence protection is secured on a multiyear basis. As of January 1, we have protection up to a gross loss event of $1.4 billion. We also renewed our aggregate treaty under the same structure and terms with favorable pricing from a risk adjusted perspective. Youve heard Chris reference our strategic growth in property writings. These changes ensure a consistent level of protection in keeping with that growth. We have summarized these changes in the slide deck and in addition to our property catastrophe program, we also successfully renewed several other reinsurance treaties that experienced limited changes in terms, conditions and rates. Moving to Group Benefits. We achieved record core earnings of $174 million for the quarter and $567 million for the full year. Core earnings margin of 9.8% in the quarter and 8.1% for the full year reflects strong premium growth, improved life results and continued strong disability performance. The group disability loss ratio of 63.6 for the quarter improved 1.9 points over prior year, reflecting continued strong long-term disability claim recoveries. For the year the group disability loss ratio improved 1.2 points to 67.1. The group life loss ratio of 83 for the quarter improved 6.1 points versus prior year, reflecting an improving mortality trend. For the year the group life loss ratio improved 3.9 points to 83.5. The expense ratio improved 0.8 points for the quarter and 1 point for the year, reflecting strong top line performance and expense efficiencies somewhat offset by continued investments to meet our customers evolving needs. Fully insured ongoing sales in the quarter of $71 million contributed to a full year sales total of $839 million. This, combined with excellent persistency at above 90%, resulted in fully insured ongoing premium growth of 6% for the quarter and 7% for the year. Our diversified investment portfolio produced strong results. For the quarter net investment income was $653 million. Our fixed income portfolio is continuing to benefit from higher interest rates and we continue to be pleased with a positive 150 basis point differential between our reinvestment rate and the yield on sales and maturities. The total annualized portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships was 4.3% before tax, 20 basis points higher than the third quarter. Looking forward to 2024, we are expecting 15 to 20 basis points of improvement reflective of the current yield environment. This increase combined with portfolio asset growth is expected to contribute approximately $135 million to net investment income before tax, excluding LPs. Our annualized LP returns were 7% in the quarter. Full year 2023 LP returns were 4.8%, reflecting the resiliency of our private equity portfolio, which helped offset the slightly negative returns in the real estate equity portfolio. The overall credit quality of the portfolio remains high with an average credit rating of A+. Fixed maturity valuations increased in the quarter as a result of lower interest rates and tighter spreads. Net credit losses, including intent to sell impairments remain insignificant along with a modest increase of $5 million in the allowance for credit losses on the mortgage loan portfolio. All of our mortgage loans continue to be current with respect to interest and principal payments. Turning to capital. As of December 31 holding company resources totaled $1.1 billion. For 2024, we expect total dividends from the operating companies of approximately $2.2 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased 4.7 million shares under our share repurchase program for $350 million and we expect to remain at that level of repurchases in the first quarter. As of year-end, we had $1.35 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization through December 31, 2024. To wrap up, 2023 business performance was strong and we are well positioned to continue to deliver on our targeted returns and enhance value for all of our stakeholders. I will now turn the call back to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thank you, Beth. Lets now pivot forward. Strong fourth quarter results capped a year of outstanding financial performance, positioning us to sustain these results in 2024. In Commercial Lines with our diversified and expanding product portfolio and innovative mindset, we are primed to continue to build market share at highly attractive margins. We expect total renewal written price increases in Commercial Lines, excluding workers compensation to be consistent with 2023. Workers compensation and renewal written pricing, which is composed of net rate and average wage growth is projected to be flat to slightly negative. We expect underlying margins to be consistent with 2023, reflecting our steadfast commitment to disciplined underwriting while sustaining industry-leading results. While we anticipate slight headwinds in workers compensation, earned pricing is projected to remain on top of loss costs trends across the remainder of the Commercial Lines book. Turning to Personal Lines. We expect annual renewal written pricing in both auto and home to be consistent with the fourth quarter results. In auto, as a result of the significant written pricing actions that will earn into the book combined with moderating severity trends, we expect meaningful underlying loss ratio improvement of five to six points during 2024. Earned pricing in home is expected to remain above loss costs trends. As we navigate this inflationary period across Personal Lines, we are focused on balancing rate adequacy, quality of new business and marketing productivity. Overall, I am confident we have the right execution plan to return this business to targeted profitability in 2025. In Group Benefits, we expect the 2024 core earnings margin to be between 6% and 7%, consistent with our long-term outlook for this business. In closing, let me summarize why Im so bullish about the future. First, 2023 financial results demonstrated the effectiveness of our strategy and the ongoing investments in our business. In particular, underlying margins in Commercial Lines were excellent with meaningful top line growth, and we produced record core earnings in Group Benefits with strong premium growth. Second, Personal Lines results have stabilized. We are achieving necessary rate increases and expect 2024 margins to improve towards our targeted profitability. Third, we expect our book of diversified, but complementary businesses will continue to sustain superior results. With our outstanding underwriting and pricing execution, exceptional talent and innovative customer-centric technology, we will continue to outperform. Fourth, investment income remains strong, supported by rising yields and a diversified and durable portfolio of assets. And finally, in the last three years, we have returned $6.2 billion of capital through repurchases and dividends, and we will continue to proactively manage our excess capital to be accretive for shareholders. All these factors contribute to my excitement and confidence about the future of The Hartford. Quarter-after-quarter, we are delivering industry-leading financial performance with a sustainable core earnings ROE anchored at 15% while creating value for all our stakeholders. Let me now turn the call back over to Susan for Q&A.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Chris. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Operator, can you please repeat the instructions for asking a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman from TD Cowen. Your line is up.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey good morning. So, Im looking at the Commercial Lines expense ratio and with Hartford Next, you had significant improvement from 2021 to 2022. And then in the fourth quarter, you had 110 basis points of improvement. Now that Hartford Next is over, do you see that improvement continuing? And maybe to what degree?
Chris Swift: Andrew, Ill start and then Beth can add her commentary. So yes, I appreciate you pointing out the numbers. I think also, too, on a year-to-date basis, 2022 to 2023, the 60 basis point improvement, which, on a full year basis, I think, is a good run rate. And all I would say is, philosophically, we do have a continuous improvement mindset in the organization to get after additional expense efficiencies. I wouldnt say we have a formal program that we called out. But clearly, its in everyones goals to become more efficient, create that operating leverage that as we grow the franchise, we just  its a good levered model that more earnings drops to the bottom line. But Beth, what would you add?
Beth Costello: Thanks, Chris. I think you covered on the pieces very well. If we look at the full year expense ratio for Commercial Lines ending at 31%, I think thats a really great result. And as Chris said, we are going to continue to look for efficiencies. But were also very mindful of making sure that were putting in place the appropriate investments that allow us to continue to deliver the outstanding results that you see in our Commercial Lines franchise.
Andrew Kligerman: And then shifting over to personal auto. You got a 21.9% rate increase. I want to make sure I understand that. Thats  is that pure rate? Or is that exposure growth? And then secondly, Chris, if I understood you, did you say that you expected five to seven points of loss ratio improvement? Or could it be a lot more than that given the 21.9% rate increase?
Chris Swift: Yes. Andrew, on your first point, and Stephanie can add in her commentary, the 21.9%, I think we achieved is vast, vast majority, all pure rate. There might be a little exposure in there but very, very little. And I did say five to six points of improvement in auto next year. So  no, its okay. Im okay with numbers, so Ill help you out, five to six. So, we ended the year at 110. We think we can get down to 104 next year on an underlying basis. And thats why, again, were going to have to continue to execute and work hard in 2025 to get down then to targeted margins, which I would say, on an underlying basis on auto is generally in the 95% to 96% range. You put two points for catastrophes on there, and thats your overall combined ratio. So yes, thats our plan. As I said before, I think Stephanie and the team have a very executable plan. Theyre executing well in the marketplace today and balancing, balancing new business, balancing renewals and balancing our spend in marketing. Stephanie, would you add any additional color?
Stephanie Bush: You covered it perfectly. Thank you.
Andrew Kligerman: And would you drive any additional rate as we go through the year? Or you feel good about the...
Chris Swift: Say it again. I didnt hear you clearly.
Andrew Kligerman: Oh, Im sorry. Would you go for  would you seek additional rate increases as we move through the year? Or do you feel like the rates that youve gotten so far should help drive you to the goals that you want to be at in 2025?
Chris Swift: Yes. Clearly, the rate that we achieved this year is contributing. And as I said, were anticipating 20 points of rate also next year, which is very important, because that then sets up getting back to our targeted margins in 2025.
Andrew Kligerman: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Gregory Peters: Good morning everyone. I guess, Id like to go back to your comment in the outlook portion of your presentation, where you said the ROE is anchored at 15%. It sounds to me like theres been a step-up in your expectations on the ROE range. And Im not trying to put words in your mouth, but Im just trying to understand exactly what you meant by anchored at 15%.
Chris Swift: Thank you for the question. Im happy to provide any clarity. I thought anchored was actually a pretty good word, because it really means sort of floor, in my mind. And Greg, we had a 14% to 15% ROE range as guidance last year. Were giving qualitative guidance this year as opposed to sort of the table. So, we really wanted to send a strong message that were shifting and its shifting higher. And the construct we came up with was lets just anchor 15% as far as the floor for everyones expectations. We always, when we put out guidance, have a high probability of meeting that. And we play for upside. And you saw the way we ended 2023. And Id say I think were off to a good start this year, and I think there will be upside in that floor number that we provide. But that was the mindset behind that.
Gregory Peters: Excellent. That was my interpretation. Just wanted to make sure I had it right. So appreciate that. I want to pivot to the benefits side. I think  and Im sorry, I was writing down a bunch of numbers during the presentation. But I think you said the core earnings margin target for 2024 is going to be in the 6% to 7% range. It feels like theres been a step-up in the last couple of quarters in your core earnings margin. And then if I look at in Group Benefits for the full year, I think the core earnings margin for 2023 was 8.1% versus 6.5% in 2022. So is there something going on inside that business thats causing a step-down lower? Or maybe you can provide some color around the  your comments there?
Chris Swift: Yes. Happy to, Greg. And Ill ask Jonathan Bennett whos with us to add his color. No, I think its a great business. Weve always  I think it fits within The Hartford. It contributes mildly and its improved, particularly coming out of COVID. So, I would just say that the 6% to 7%, weve been pretty consistent. Thats our long-term view. Were commenting on a long-term view for that business and particularly given some of the rate guarantees that are in that book of business. So  but I would also say that we had an excellent record year this year and that momentum, I think, will continue into 2024. And we like how its positioned. We like our strategic initiatives. We like how were investing for the future in this business. So yes, its going to be and will remain a significant contributor going forward. Jonathan, what would you add?
Jonathan Bennett: That's a great setup, Chris. And Greg, I would add to that, that we look at the trends in a range when we start to plan our future and think about the 2024. And in calendar year 2023, a lot of those trends turned in the right direction in our ranges, but certainly in the right direction within our ranges. We talked about life coming out of the pandemic that has pulled back into a pretty good spot. We have some continued pricing action that we will execute on in 2024 and a bit beyond. But when you think about where we are in LTD, incidence levels coming into the calendar year, terrific. Also, our claim team did a wonderful job around recoveries. These have been things going on for us in our disability book, our LTD book for a number of years. And we feel like we're in a really good place, and the market has also seen some improvement there, too. But when we think about when we're headed in 2024, we put a range around that. We're just reminding that there is a range around it. And we would expect these lines of business to continue to contribute and contribute very, very well, supplemental health included, which has also been a big part of our margin story here in the calendar year 2023.
Chris Swift: Greg, one last point. Remember, that 6% to 7% we've commented upon before turns into a 14% to 15% tangible ROE. So again, it's another rising  reason why we like this business so much. Margins are generally steady predictable and our ROEs are very contributory to us, particularly on a tangible basis.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from BMO. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Hey great. Thanks. On the Commercial Lines guidance to kind of keep underlying margins consistent for 2024 versus 2023, that obviously would be a  margins are at a great absolute level and that would be a good outcome. But just kind of curious what your thoughts are? Any details on kind of social inflationary lines, a lot of your peers have been kind of embedding a slightly higher loss costs trend on the go-forward, getting some IBNR. Just curious kind of within that outlook, any context around kind of the puts and takes other than workers' comp, which you talked about during the prepared remarks?
Chris Swift: Yes. Mike thanks for the question. Yes, those are a reality of our society today, right? Social inflation, legal system abuse, however you want to call it. So it's alive and well. It's nothing new for many, many industry participants, but it is still something you have to be aware of, particularly in the umbrella in the excess liability lines. I'll ask Mo to add his commentary. But I think we've been thoughtful about the trends over the last couple of years and the need to stay on top of those trends with rate. And that's why I say particularly, we're looking for an element of consistency with 2023. Because in a lot of those long-tail liability casualty lines we need high-single to low-double digit rate increases to stay on top of the trend assumptions that we have. So yes, it's all part of managing multiple product line approach. But again, in aggregate, I think the setup is very similar to last year's setup at the time when we talked about it is that there's going to be some slight pressure on comp. And we're going to try to maintain and expand margins where possible in other lines of business. But Mo, what would you say specifically in the casualty world?
Mo Tooker: Yes. Mike, we're watching these trends closely, and we think the performance has been good. But that being said we continue to work hard on rate. Chris referenced wholesale casualty accelerated throughout the year. So we're trying to make sure we're keeping rate on top of or at least not ahead  if we can, ahead of trend. The same thing happened in our Middle Market GL book, rate accelerated throughout the course of the year. So we're working hard on rate. At the same time, we've talked to you about it a couple of times now. We're making sure that the underlying exposure we continue to adjust. So for the past three, four years we've been working hard in the jurisdictions we're in, our customers are in. We're working hard on the limits we're deploying. So there's some long-term strategies playing out here that give us some confidence in our ability to navigate, which is a difficult environment.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. And my follow-up is just on capital management. I see the guidance there. Just curious, top line growth has been fairly robust, which is obviously a good thing. If the top line growth kind of continues at similar-ish levels in 2024, which I assume as a capital user, I mean, should we be toggling maybe down the buyback levels a bit or am I splitting hairs here?
Chris Swift: Yes. I'll let Beth add her color, but I think you're splitting hairs. So our opcos are well capitalized. You see what we have left in authorization through the end of 2024. Our intention is to complete that on a timely basis. But Beth, I don't want to take any more of your thunder.
Beth Costello: Yes. No, I think you said it well, Chris. I mean we  I talked about our expectations for dividends from the operating companies in 2024, which is up slightly from 2023. In the past, I've talked about that we typically target about 70% to 80% of the earnings to dividend out of the subs, and that provides us with enough room to fund the growth that we're expecting, so really no change in how we're managing the balance sheet and balancing those items.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thanks. Chris, just curious, looking at the Small Commercial business, rate renewal pricing looks good. What do you think about exposure kind of the growth there as we look going forward? Is  what are you kind of seeing in that business? Do you think it's going to start to slow here in 2024 and could have an effect on top line?
Chris Swift: Brian, I know what you're trying to triangulate to. So all I'd say qualitatively on any top line point because we're not going to give a precise number in aggregate or by line of business is, I think the macro sets up well. I think the economy is performing well. You saw the jobs report this morning, and unemployment remains low. You could see the Fed as being a little cautious on how quickly it cuts rates, which actually we support. So I think the macro sets up well. All I would tell you is that what we saw in January, early indications are much of the same coming out of 2023 and sort of that double-digit range in commercial. So one-month does not make a trend. But I think the environment will be fairly conducive to continuing going forward. So we perform very well when the economy is performing well, and I think that's the general view I have heading into 2024.
Brian Meredith: Great. That's helpful. And then just another one here. There was another company that announced some reserving actions and specifically related to the construction liability business. I know Navigators used to write that. Maybe you can talk a little bit about your exposure to that business. Is that an area of concern? Just put maybe a little color around that?
Chris Swift: Yes. There's always things to be concerned about and worry about. That's not one of the top ones and principally because bluntly we've been there done that. Part of our integration and activities with the acquisition we did years ago was to deal with sort of with those balance sheet reserving issues that we knew were there and saw. So I think we've tackled that appropriately. I think we've made the adjustments in those older years, adjusted our loss picks and trends going forward. So I feel very comfortable and confident we got our arms around that issue a couple of years back. Would you add anything, Mo?
Mo Tooker: No. Brian, I'd just say there is an underwriting element here that, so when we made the changes and when we had the Navigators book come in, we shifted some of the underwriting in response to some of these trends. And that would have been two, three, four years ago. So we feel good about the go-forward book as well.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hey. Thanks. My first question is on capital, I guess, following up on the earlier discussion. So Beth, you said $350 million buyback in the Q1, which is in line with the Q4 level. But you did point out, right, like the dividends out of group are going to be a few hundred million dollars higher in 2024 relative to 2023. So I think that that would give you a tailwind to perhaps have a higher level of buybacks in 2024. Is it just timing of dividends? And should we think about buybacks picking up in the back three quarters?
Beth Costello: Well, Elyse, I'll start with. I mean, we're executing on the share repurchase authorization that we have in place. And that is what we're executing to and as I said, we expect $350 million in the first quarter, and we'll continue to execute on that. As we think about dividends in total for 2024 operating company dividends versus 2023, they're up about $100 million in total. So that all obviously goes into how we think about the balance sheet strength going forward, but not making any changes on our current share repurchase plans.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks. And then my second question is on the Commercial Lines guidance. So I think you said underlying margins would be consistent but did point to a headwind in workers' comp. As Chris, I know you said pricing there would be flat-to-negative and we've gone through The Hartford Next program. So how do you think about the split between the loss and the expense ratio within commercial when you're coming to like an overall stable underlying margin in 2024?
Chris Swift: Yes. Again, Elyse, what I tried to describe is that the setup is similar, right? So if there's pressure in comp, it needs to be offset by other components, non-comp in our product lines. You've seen what we've done with accelerating pricing, particularly in the fourth quarter. That mindset continues into 2024. So when I say hold or expand, that's what I mean. And look, I can't predict with great precision the top line, but I think there'll be some slight expense leverage. That will also contribute overall. So that's what I would say.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Josh Shanker: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Question about adverse development covers. You have the NICO cover for the asbestos in 2017. You have the Navigators cover from a few years ago. Both are having or about to be exhausted. As a sort of operating principle, when you buy an adverse development cover, do you buy with the expectation that it's likely it's going to be exhausted? Is that how it's structured? Or do you  is it kind of a surprise that you get to the end of the cover?
Chris Swift: So ADC utilization, all I would say is it really depends, obviously, right I mean on the obviously on the navigators acquisition. It was part of the purchase price and funding there and dealing with it. So that's different. The A&E deal that we did with NICO was just slightly different as far as long term. So if we would do anything again in the future, it would have to be economic for us first off, and a lot of those deals that we did prior were just in a lower interest rate environment, just a different part of our development as an organization. And our performance, so the guiding principle that Beth and I talk about all the time is just what makes sense from an economic side, because they're not cheap and they're actually expensive. So you give up things to do it, to have that economic cover. So I would just say, Josh, it depends, and we're going to always try to think in terms of what is the best economics for the shareholders and pursue then the right strategy from there.
Josh Shanker: And back when you did the 2017 Governor, you were in a different capital position than you are today. I assume so. Even if there was a deal available to you today, perhaps it doesnt the urgency is different than it was seven, eight years ago.
Chris Swift: Yes, I think you got it right. Totally. Six, seven, eight years ago, we were just in a different place. And I just think we're in a better place. We have prudence on the balance sheet. That feels good. And so, yes you're right. Totally different place.
Josh Shanker: And the other question, also a philosophical one. I was talking to Aileen [ph] last night, and I think that these are the best commercial results you guys have had almost ever looked at. Going back to 2006, there was one quarter that might be better, and clearly it's the best group benefits results ever. What do you say to concerns that these might be peak margins?
Chris Swift: Well, we never give up. We keep on pushing ourselves to reset the bar higher, perform better. We have a growth orientation now that I think we've earned the right to think differently and creatively about the marketplace and activities we could pursue that are profitable and accretive to our shareholders. Josh. So I would never, ever bet against us.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Motemaden: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just had a question on the property book within Commercial Lines. It sounds like you guys had really good growth last year in line with what you guys are saying. How are you thinking about growth growing the property line in 2024 and if there's any sort of mix shift benefit that we should think about coming through incrementally to margins next year?
Chris Swift: David, I would say, yes we're pleased with what we accomplished this year, but it's not the end of the mission or it's really just sort of the beginning. So growing that book about 20% to $2.5 billion, I'm looking at my pricing sheet, with overall pricing up on the full portfolio, about 16%. Our non-CAT property weather was essentially on plan for the year between our various business units. So feel really good about the underwriting, the tools. Obviously, our reinsurance programs that Beth talked about, we made adjustments to. So we have all the components. Obviously, it's still a constructive marketplace to really build that national diversified book of business that we want to have. So just because you asked, and I like you, I'm going to tell you that I think we could produce about $3 billion of premium next year.
David Motemaden: Awesome. That's great. Thanks for that Chris. And then maybe just following up, good growth last year in Commercial Lines, up 10%. I was just wondering if you could just maybe talk about how much exposure maybe contributed to that in 2023.
Chris Swift: Well, the exposure piece I can give you right now that I have in my mind is related to pricing, right? So if you look at our pricing expanding to 8.5% this quarter, about 2.5 points of it is exposure-related. So if you go back and look at  it's been generally consistent, sort of, I would say, one-third, two-third. So that's what I have there. But I'll look to Mo and Stephanie to see if they want to add any color on exposure and Personal Lines or Middle Market.
Stephanie Bush: I'll start. It's Stephanie, David. From a Small Commercial perspective, I just want to continue on some of the comments that Chris and Beth made in the prepared remarks, but Small Commercial will continue to be a growth in earnings engine. You talked about exposure, but we look at many factors in small. We look at new business starts. Those remain healthy. Unemployment in our sector is healthy. We track small business owner sentiment and the likelihood of them to invest and hire, and that is at a high level. And again, audit premiums, again, still strong. So you take all that in combination with the results that we had, $913 million, all in just in new written premium. We grew every line. We grew policies in force in every line. And then as the team referenced that we delivered outstanding underlying in the fourth quarter and then our 14th consecutive quarter of 90 or below. So the business model is incredibly strong and powered by exceptional data analytics and an outstanding team. So Chris touched on it. We had an outstanding start to the year, but it's a long way to go. But I feel really confident in what we'll be able to continue to deliver. So I look at it broader than just exposure. It's all of those combinations. And then again, from a personal insurance perspective, I think Chris and Beth laid out our mission very well in the auto line as well as in the home line. Home results are very strong as well, and that contributes to our growth and our aspiration to be a stronger property market. So I'll turn it over to Mo.
Mo Tooker: Yes. Many of the same messages. I think the exposure growth we are seeing, and again, across comp, property is holding in well and even into January is holding well. So I think we just  we and think the economy is very supportive there. So David, I don't have much more to add to Stephanie's summary there.
David Motemaden: Got it. Understood. I appreciate the answer. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Alex Scott from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Alex Scott: Hi, first one I had is on the Group Benefit dividends up to the Holdco took a nice step up. And just looking at the $600 million, I mean, that's more than the core earnings from 2023 by a bit. It seems to imply that you think some of this strength can continue in 2024. So I just wanted to understand that number a little bit. And we don't usually for these type of businesses see distributions in excess of earnings. So is there any excess capital drawdown there to consider, those kind of things?
Beth Costello: Yes. I'll take that, Alex. No, I mean, again, we're looking at it on a statutory basis. And obviously, dividends out of Group Benefits have been lower over the last couple of years given those results. So as we looked at what the dividend capacity was there for 2024, we felt it was appropriate to increase those dividends.
Alex Scott: Got it. All right. Helpful. Just on the  going back to the environmental and given we got to think about it a little harder with ADC closer to being used up. I know you mentioned the PFAS. Could you give us a sense of what kind of adjustments are made around PFAS? And is that related to any specific developments? Or do we need to think about that as something that could impact things going forward?
Beth Costello: Yes. I mean, again, I think we've mentioned PFAS on environmental the last couple of years. And overall, we looked at what the increase was for environmental, not overly significant or a big change from where we've been. So I wouldn't point to anything unusual there. It's just as we went through our study this year and just looked at all components, saw some increases in some of the remediation costs. And as is our practice, I'm not going to talk about specific accounts and where that came from.
Alex Scott: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Ms. Susan Spivak for some final closing remarks.
Susan Spivak: Thank you so much for all joining us today. And as always, please  oh, thank you for all joining us today. And as always, please reach out with any additional questions. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Abby and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2023 The Hartford Financial Results Webcast. Today's call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] thank you.  And I will now turn the conference over to Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President, investor relations, you may begin.
Susan Spivak : Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on third quarter 2023 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all the earnings related material on our website.  For the call today, our participants are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; Jonathan Bennett, Group Benefits; Stephanie Bush, Small Commercial and Personal Lines; and Mo Tooker, Middle & Large Commercial and Global Specialty. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today include non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris. 
Chris Swift: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. The Hartford's third quarter financial and operational performance builds upon the momentum achieved in the first half of the year. Once again, Commercial Lines and Group benefits, which in aggregate represent over 85% of earned premium delivered exceptional results. We continue to expand our strong competitive position, successfully executing on priorities and delivering superior returns for shareholders.  Let me now call your attention to highlights from the third quarter. Top-line growth in Commercial Lines of 8% with an underlying combined ratio of 87.8. Strong pricing across P&C including double digit increases in Commercial Property, Personal Lines, Auto and Home. Group benefits fully insured premium growth of 8% with a core earnings margin of 9.8%. Strong investment performance with reinvestment rates, climbing to 6%, driving higher portfolio yield and the trailing 12-month core earnings are already of 14.9%. These results are outstanding and keep us on track to deliver a full year core earnings ROE in the range of 14% to 15%.  As I look across the markets, the U.S. economy has remained resilient in recent data points, including robust payroll, strong retail sales, in solid levels of industrial production point to an environment, which continues to be supportive of the Hartford's businesses.  Now let me dive deeper into the third quarter performance by business. In Small Commercial, written premiums were $1.2 billion with 16% growth in new business and another sub-90 underlying margin. Our best-in-class package product, which we call Spectrum continues to outperform in a competitive marketplace, contributing new business premium of approximately $100 million, up 20% over the prior year. In addition, written premium for excess and surplus lines grew 34% in the quarter with new business growth of over 50%. We expect E&S premium to approach $200 million for the full year.  I am incredibly pleased with the overall performance in Small Commercial, which continues to deliver outstanding results with industry leading products and unmatched ease of conducting business and unrivaled pricing accuracy. This business is poised to exceed $5 billion have written premium this year.  Middle & Large Commercial had another great quarter Written premiums grew 5% reflecting strong rate execution and new business growth in our excess lines. Our general industries properties book grew 13% while large property grew 15%.  Looking across Commercial Lines, we are taking a thoughtful and disciplined approach to grow property premium within favorable market conditions to the level of approaching $2.5 billion for the full year or a 25% increase. We are focused on managing our CAT exposure, as evidenced by our year to date CAT losses, which were lower than our market share.  Coming back to Middle & Large Commercial, underlying margins were exceptional, reflecting the advancements made in data science capabilities, pricing, and underwriting tools. Margin has also benefited from favorable property losses. Those advancements combined with our best-in-class talent position as well to sustain profitable growth in this business.  Global Specialty continues to deliver outstanding results with net written premiums up 11% driven by new business growth and strong renewal written pricing in a number of key lines. Submission flow in the U.S. was up 11% in the quarter, including 15% growth in wholesale and international saw strong new business growth in marine and Energy.  Within renewal written pricing, momentum has been building in the wholesale access market. Property pricing has been above 20% all year, and international casualty is above 10%. In addition, we remain excited about the ongoing benefits to the top-line from our expansive product portfolio. Our underwriting discipline, along with enhanced capabilities, developed over the past few years in Global Specialty are driving targeted market share gains with a stellar underlying combined ratio that has hovered in the mid-80s for the past six quarters. In short, our execution has never been stronger.  Turning to pricing, Commercial Lines' renewal written pricing was 5.4% flat with the second quarter. Excluding workers' compensation, renewal written pricing rose to 8% up four tenths sequentially with strong pricing in Property, Auto and General Liability. Across Commercial property pricing is over 10% with Auto and General Liability nearing that level as well. Pricing and other liability and casualty lines also remained strong, while public D&O is still pressured. In workers' compensation, renewal written pricing continues to exceed expectations, remaining slightly positive in the quarter.  All in ex-comp renewable written pricing and Commercial Lines remains on top of last cost trends, reinforcing my confidence and achieving our margin expectations for the year. In summary, momentum persist in commercial lines, where I expect top-line growth and highly profitable margins to continue.  Moving to Personal Lines, I am pleased with our continued response to elevated loss cost in both Auto and Home. In this challenging environment, our focus, objectives and execution are unwavering. During the quarter, we achieved auto renewal written price increases of nearly 20%, which we expect to continue at that rate into the fourth quarter. Current accident year lost trend expectations for the third quarter, as updated in June, held a promising development as we finished the year.  In Homeowners, renewal written pricing of 14.1% comprised of net rate and insured value increases outpaced underlying loss cost trends. This is the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit pricing increases in this book. Our focus on the preferred market within Personal Lines business is a competitive advantage with our modern, innovative and digitally enhanced offering prevail.  This product will be available in 39 states by the end of this month. And we are optimistic about future prospects for growth. In the fourth quarter, we expect to achieve Auto new business rate adequacy in over half the states representing two thirds of new business premium. I am confident in the pricing actions we are taking will return this business to targeted profitability in 2025.  In Group Benefits, premium growth of 8% and a quarter earnings margin of 9.8% were both outstanding. Core earnings of $170 million was a quarterly record, reflecting focused execution, improved mortality trends, and continued strong disability results. This quarter's disability loss ratio reflects historically low, long-term disability incidents, trends, and favorable claim recoveries.  In Group Life, mortality trends have improved both sequentially in year-over-year, but remain above pre-pandemic levels. Looking at the top-line, growth was driven by book persistency above 90%, plus strong year to date sales. Overall, the strength of our Group Benefits, diversified product portfolio, as well as our commitment to outstanding customer experience through the use of data and technology resonates in this marketplace, cementing our leadership position.  Before I turn the call over to Beth, let me share some takeaways from the recent Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers Annual Conference. Throughout the course of the 60-plus meetings in touchpoints at CIAB, we heard a consistent acknowledgement of the strength of our franchise. Partners called out our unique digital tools, broad product set, the strength of our innovation agenda, and the consistent execution of our strategy over a number of years. They also expressed their desire to grow their business with us, and they have come to view our team as best-in-class with relationships that have never been stronger. Confirmation from distribution partners that we are delivering on our strategy is strong validation of our leading position in the market.  Through those relationships combined with enhanced capabilities, state-of-the-art technology and digital tools we are taking market share while delivering industry-leading returns. With that track record, I am confident in our ability to consistently deliver core earnings ROEs in the 14% to 15% range.  Now, I'll turn the call over the best to provide more detailed commentary on the quarter.
Beth Costello : Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were $708 million, or $2.29 per diluted share. Commercial Lines had a very strong quarter with core earnings of $542 million, and an underlying combined ratio of 87.8. Small Commercial continues to deliver excellent results with premium growth of 9% and an underlying combined ratio of 89.7, which includes some elevated non-CAT property losses. This is the 13th consecutive quarter with an underlying combined ratio of below 90.  Middle & Large commercial delivered another quarter of written premium over $1 billion and an exceptional underlying combined ratio of 88.1. This was a 5.6 point improvement from the prior year, including favorable non-CAT property losses and expense ratio improvement.  Global Specialty's underlying margin with a strong at 4.3, a 20 basis point improvement from a year ago, primarily due to lower loss ratios in Global Reinsurance and International Lines partially offset by higher loss ratios in U.S. financial lines due to public D&O rate pressure, and marine driven by a couple of large losses, as well as higher policyholder dividends in bonds due to the strong profitability of the book.  In Personal Lines, core loss for the quarter was $8 million with an underlying combined ratio of 99. Homeowners' underlying combined ratio of 78.1 was in line with expectations. The Auto underlying combined ratio was one 108.5 for the quarter, which is consistent with our expectation from second quarter. Importantly, we made no adjustments to loss picks from the first half of the year and prior accident years.  As Chris indicated, we continue to pursue rate increases to offset the loss cost trends we are experiencing. Written premium in Personal Lines increased 8% over the prior year, driven by steady and successful rate actions. In Auto, we achieved written pricing increases of 19.7% and earned pricing increases of 11.7%. In Homeowners, pricing increases of 14.1% on a written basis and 13.7% unearned. The expense ratio improved by 2.9 points, primarily driven by lower marketing spend. With respect to CAT, P&C current accident year catastrophe were $184 million before tax, which compares to catastrophe losses of $293 million in the prior year quarter, which included Hurricane Ian losses of $214 million. Although CAT losses were elevated for the industry again this quarter, our results were in line with our expectations as we believe that our effective aggregation management and underwriting discipline has helped to limit our losses from the increased number of convective storms. Total net favorable prior accident year development was $43 million, with $46 million in Commercial Lines as reserve reductions in workers' compensation and package businesses were modestly offset by reserve increases in general liability. Moving to Group Benefits. Core earnings in the third quarter were $170 million with a core earnings margin of 9.8%, reflecting strong premium growth and long-term disability results. Group disability continues to deliver strong results with a loss ratio of 67.3% for the quarter down 1.1 points from prior year. The Group Life loss ratio of 80.2% improved 2.9 points versus prior year, reflecting an improving mortality trend. The expense ratio improved 1.4 points and reflects strong top-line performance and expense efficiencies, somewhat offset by continued investments to meet our customers' evolving needs and drive greater efficiency. Fully insured ongoing sales in the quarter of $143 million contributed to a year-to-date sales total of $768 million. This, combined with excellent persistency at above 90%, resulted in fully insured ongoing premium growth of 8% for the third quarter. Our diversified investment portfolio produced strong results. For the quarter, net investment income was $597 million. Our fixed income portfolio is continuing to benefit from higher interest rates, and we continue to be pleased with the positive 150 basis point differential between our reinvestment rate and the yield on sales and maturities. The total annualized portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships, was 4.1% before tax, slightly higher than the second quarter. We expect the full yield excluding LPs will be about 80 basis points higher than the prior year. Looking forward to 2024, we anticipate another 25 basis points of improvement based on the current yield curve, which will contribute to about a $200 million before tax increase in investment income excluding LPs. Our annualized LP returns were 6.3% in the quarter. Results during the first nine months of 2023 reflect the resiliency of our private equity return and the absence of any real estate equity sales.  The overall credit quality of the portfolio remains high with an average credit rating of A plus. This maturity valuation decreased as a result of higher interest rates. Net credit losses, including intent-to-sell impairments remain insignificant, along with an increase of $5 million in the allowance for credit losses on the mortgage loan portfolio. All of our mortgage loans continue to be current with respect to interest and principal payments. Turning to capital management. During the quarter, we repurchased 4.8 million shares under our share repurchase program for $350 million, and we expect to remain at that level of repurchases in the fourth quarter. We were also pleased to announce yesterday an 11% increase in our common quarterly dividend payable on January 3. This is the tenth increase in the dividend in the last decade and another proof point of the consistent capital generation of the company. Our third quarter results demonstrate that our franchise continues to deliver consistent, sustained industry-leading results. We believe that we have the strategies, talent and technology in place to continue to succeed.  I will now turn the call back to Susan.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Operator, we will now take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith : Hey, good morning. Chris and Beth, a couple of questions here. First one, I just want to dig in a little bit on the Commercial Lines premium growth. I was a little surprised at the slowdown that we saw in the Middle Market's premium growth considering which some other companies have been reporting this quarter.  And then the Small Commercial side, I know you had a difficult comp there but also a slowdown. Maybe we can unpack it a little bit, and anything unusual going on?
Chris Swift: Brian, thanks for the question. I think just the context here, just if you look at sort of year-to-date results just on written premium in small, up 10.3%; middle, 8.8%. New sales in small, 21%; middle, 12%. So those are results we're really proud of and pleased with, particularly at the profitable margins that they're producing. I would say in the second quarter, there's two main themes that we discussed as a management team, and I'll let Mo add his color, is we're remaining disciplined on price and underwriting. And if we're not going to get the terms and conditions that we expect, we'll let the business go. And I think that happened more times than not in the -- particularly in the July time period.  And then I would say that the overall exposure growth is still positive, but it is moderating, evidenced by lower audit premiums on a sequential first half of the year basis. So again, still positive exposure growth, but not as robust as it was early in the year. But Mo, what would you add?
Mo Tooker : Yeah, Brian, I would say that just to reiterate, we feel really good about the year-to-date growth of the 12% on new. But as you see in the quarters, can be lumpy. And maybe a little bit of context there. We equip our underwriters with tools by product, by specialty area and then they are in the market executing on those. And sometimes, in some quarters we do -- and especially periodically see months where the market is just going further than we would go.  So I feel like our underwriters made really good decisions in the quarter and you especially see those months at the beginning of the quarter when the market really heats up a little bit periodically. But broadly, I think the underwriting team did a nice job. And right now, these months are more of an exception, but we're watching that closely.
Brian Meredith : Great. That's helpful. Thank you. And then, Chris, second question. I know we've chatted about this before on conference calls, but a fairly large TPA out there talked about medical cost inflation and workers' comp of 7% to 9% is what they're seeing in their business right now. Is that what you're seeing? I don't believe that was the case. And how would that kind of play into your comp results?
Chris Swift: Yeah. Happy to sort of comment on that, but there's a -- not going to be anything new I'm going to share with you. I think again in the context that our workers' comp is a highly profitable line of business. We haven't made any changes in frequency or medical assumptions since we set them at the beginning of this year. So things are actually running almost exactly as we predicted.  Medical severity, as we've talked about it, what we price for and collect and put up on the balance sheet is 5%. Actually, what's emerging for the first nine months is slightly less than that in the 2% to 3% range. I would say though that if I look at trends last year, nine months, this year, nine months, medical severity is probably up a little bit, say, a point. But I don't think there's any trend to call out other than just sort of maybe normal volatility.  We watch all our components of price, whether it be hospital stays, whether it be physicians, whether it pharmaceuticals. And generally, things are behaving as we expect. So I don't know what to tell you other than it's steady as she goes from our perspective as we sit here today. I think the impact on the longer term is still to play out. But as we've talked about before, Brian, I mean, our claims team is world-class. We have fee schedules in place, networks in place that sort of provide a buffer. And if long-term, things continue to be elevated, the reaction function within our system, I think, will allow us to raise prices and deal with it appropriately.  So I don't think we're going to get surprised in any way, shape or form on medical severity running away from us.
Brian Meredith : And I would expect your loss control probably helps you relative to the industry as well, right?
Chris Swift: Yeah. Clearly, we've got a lot of capabilities embedded in claims, embedded in our Engineering Group, so yes. And again, being the second largest rider, you would expect us to have those capabilities.
Brian Meredith : Yeah, thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan : Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted first to start with the response to Brian's first question. You guys said that you just saw some competitive forces in July. And it sounds like that corrected over the rest of the quarter. I want to confirm that.  But then can you give us a sense of what lines, I guess, specifically within the middle market you were seeing folks become more competitive in July?
Chris Swift: Elyse, I might have Mo comment on that.
Mo Tooker : Yeah, Elyse, I would just say that July was the month we felt it the most. And then it was on the larger end. I won't get into specific areas. I'll just the larger account segment is really where we felt the most competition during the month.
Elyse Greenspan : Okay. And then with the reserve development in the quarter, we saw total favorable development was driven by comp. There was a little bit of adverse development in GL. Anything you want to highlight there? Any specific years or anything you guys are seeing? I know it's a small number, but just looking for some color there.
Beth Costello: Yeah, Elyse, it's Beth. Nothing in particular I'd call out. A couple of large losses that we saw on umbrella and one large national account that's spread over several years. So again, as you pointed out, relatively small impact in the quarter and nothing that's indicative of a new trend or anything like that.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mike Ward with Citi. Your line is open.
Mike Ward : Thanks, guys. Good morning. I was wondering just with the growth in property, how should we think about your non-CAT property volatility going forward? And like has the range of outcomes on your underlying loss ratio, why didn't it change materially?
Chris Swift: Mike, thanks for the question. As I said in my prepared remarks, I mean, we're trending towards $2.5 billion of commercial property premium across our businesses, which would be about a 25% increase from prior year. And we feel very good about how we're executing both from a growth and pricing side.  I'll give you just a couple of numbers for the third quarter here. In our Spectrum property component. Our growth was 13%, and pricing 11.5%, up. In our general property in Middle Market, growth was 13% and pricing was up 12.9%. Large property grew 16% with pricing up 16% also. So I think, in total, we're executing very well. We grew property 12% this quarter with pricing up 14%.  And as I said before, I mean, this isn't a CAT strategy. I mean, we'll obviously take on a little CAT, but we're looking at other perils, particularly the fire, to build a national book of more property exposure. And I think we're getting paid for that incremental volatility from quarter-to-quarter. I would say the story line this quarter, particularly with non-CAT commercial property losses were, in total, at expectations and about a point better than prior year with elevated losses in small commercial, offset by lower losses expected in Middle & Large. So I think our strategy as well.  And Mo, I don't know if you would add anything as far as the execution or any color from the marketplace, please.
Mo Tooker : Yeah. We just continue to build a talent base. We're attracting people just based on how we're going about going after property. The tool set continues to improve. And we're talking retail and wholesale here. We continue to see an opportunity, rates generally hanging in there. Terms and conditions are hanging in their deductibles are improving. So I think broadly, we feel really optimistic about our ability to continue to chase the market.
Chris Swift: Stephanie, what would you add in Small Commercial property and any E&S color?
Stephanie Bush : Yeah. I think you framed it well from the Spectrum perspective, is that we experienced some volatility. But as you referenced, we've taken rate not just recently, over many years, to stay at or ahead of loss trend for the property portion of our above [ph] product.  And as Chris stated, it's double digits in terms of what we accomplished in the third quarter, which is higher than our longer-term property trends. And I will remind everybody that we did have our 13th quarter in a row with an underlying combined in the under 90%. From an E&S perspective, E&S binding, which continues to be a growing and profitable portion of our book of business, strong risk selection, achievement of 30 points of property rate in the quarter and growing. So all in, really proud of how -- the team's execution.
Mike Ward : Awesome. Maybe on Personal Lines real quick and the seasonality. Just wondering, should we expect the typical pressure in 4Q? Or do you think the rate that you're pushing can actually maybe mute that seasonality?
Beth Costello: Yeah. So I'll take that, and this is Beth. In Personal Lines and if we break it out between auto and home, in auto we'd expect fourth quarter to be higher than what we've seen year-to-date and probably in that sort of 6 to 8 point range. Where it comes out will really be impacted by just where loss trend goes.  On the other hand, home, typically, fourth quarter is more favorable than the year-to-date usually by 5 to 6 points. And we'd be expecting that again this quarter.
Mike Ward : Thanks, guys. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Scott : Hi, good morning. First one I had is just a follow-up on the workers' comp. I hear you on how you feel about the profitability of the business, and certainly, the reserve development has been great. I guess just helping us think through the NCCI sort of indications are pointing down another mid-single digits. And you mentioned, I think, the 5% loss cost trend.  So how should we think about the margin drag that, that creates going into next year? I mean, can you help us think through -- like even just relative to the headwind that you got from that this year, does it get worse? I mean, there's also a sort of a moving target in terms of the baseline that you sort of start off with when you do that math. So I just -- any help would be great.
Chris Swift: Alex, I hate to disappoint you but we're not going to talk about next year at this point. We'll talk about next year once we finish this year and what we see. But you're right, I mean, there is going to be continued pressure coming from pricing. But I think the setup is going to be very similar to this year.  As much as there's pricing pressure, frequencies will, I believe, continue to improve. We'll pick our same medical severity most likely in that 5% range but knowing that it's performing better. We've been able to out-execute on our rate plan this year, which is providing a modest benefit. So there's always the opportunities to outperform a rate plan in spite of what the NCC is putting out.  And again, you still put all the math and the mechanics together, it's still going to be a profitable line of business for us in the industry. And I think it's very manageable from our point of view, at least heading into 2024.
Alex Scott : Got it. Second question I had for you is just on the ROE range you all talk about. I mean, you're sort of hitting the upper end of it right now. And Personal Lines isn't making money right now, and with the rate you're taking, it should start to again. And then investment income, you talked about being a bigger contributor next year. So when I think through all that, I hear the ROE guide and I'm sure -- look, you're not going to adjust your long-term targets. It's going to be periods that you're earning more or less than the target potentially. But is that the right way to think about it that, that is a longer-term ROE guide and that you're not suggesting that there's some offset to those things necessarily and that we may go through a period where you're over the top end of it?
Chris Swift: I think you got it right. We've said about our franchise, we're becoming more consistent, more predictable in all our businesses, whether it be Property & Casualty, whether it be group benefits. Personal Lines is going through a tough slog, but we do see a return to profitability in 2025 there. So yeah, the range is the range. We've added the word consistently to that range. It's not a limit. We'll try to overachieve and outperform that. But I think that is -- that 15 is particularly a good anchor point, plus or minus. And we're going to always try hard to outperform and do our very best.  We are sensitive just to a little bit of rate fatigue that may or may not be happening in the marketplace with customers and agents and brokers. I think we've educated people well enough over the years, Alex, at least from our perspective, on the components of loss cost trends and why we need to continue to be disciplined with rate, whether it be commercial auto, whether it be property, whether it be GL, with all the factors that have been discussed by many over a long period of time. So I think that still puts the industry in a conducive place, particularly as we head into 2024 with particularly a rising yield environment and investment returns coming through the portfolio.  So yeah, you put it all together, and I still think that's a good range, but it's not a limit for us to try to outperform.
Alex Scott : Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Greg Peters : Good morning. I'm going to pivot to the Group Benefits business. If I look at Page 21 of your supplement, a nice step-up in ROE over the last several quarters. Can you remind us of what kind of economic sensitivity that business has? Because there's obviously some noise in the marketplace about what the economy might look like next year. And then secondly, when I look at the results in -- particularly in the third quarter, wondering if there's anything you want to call out, unusual good guys that helped that boost the number higher. Thanks.
Chris Swift: Greg, I'll start and then I'll ask Jonathan to add his commentary. Yeah, you're right to point out the 13.8% ROE. Very proud of that. Obviously, mortality is trending back to normal, which is providing a tailwind.  I would say, though, mortality on a year-to-date basis is still maybe slightly ahead of our expectations but again trending in the right way. And we've talked about it for a while that we're trying to put additional rate into that life insurance book. And the team, I think, is executing well in the marketplace. The other thing I just always like to convert is that 13.8 GAAP ROE probably translates into a 17% tangible ROE on a tangible basis just given some of the goodwill that we've added with acquisitions over the years. So on a tangible basis, it is a meaningful contributor. Earnings power is getting back to what I think would be somewhat normal. The investment performance will contribute.  So I think it's a stellar business for us. It's one of the industry leaders. It's growing nicely in conjunction generally with economic conditions, whether it be employment, payroll gains. The disability claims function that we have is, I think, world class. We've added new capabilities with our voluntary product suite and the number of paid family leave components.  I could go on and on because I think it's a valuable business that people should look at maybe a little differently than it's valued today. But Jonathan, what would you add from an overall performance side and a trend?
Jonathan Bennett : That is a terrific overview, Chris. So a lot of agreement with all of that. I think, Greg, you asked a bit about some of the economic drivers, and that often gets ascribed to the LTD line linked with employment levels. Obviously, right now, unemployment at very low levels. Certainly, that is contributing, we think, to some of the performance of the business. The outlook right now around unemployment, not something that we see as being a real negative drag into the future. Even if levels were to increase, there's always a bit of a delay between when we see that and if there is going to be any effect on LTD. But even that effect, we would say, is pretty loose in terms of its linkage. It's not a hard connection. And we think that even if unemployment levels were to increase moderately, we're probably still operating at attractive levels. So things seem to be in good shape on the LTD side. Your other point about in the third quarter, as Chris outlined, solid net investment income, pleased with that result. The mortality is probably one of the more notable things for us. We've had sequential improvement over the last four quarters, that's been terrific on mortality. But this quarter, we got down to a level that we think of as being more in line with endemic state post pandemic. And so we're pleased to see that. We'll watch that one again in the fourth quarter, but that bodes well for the business moving forward. And then on the disability side LTD, again, incidence levels pretty attractive at this moment and our claims team is doing a phenomenal job around recovery. So we think our expertise there is really coming through. One of the things about The Hartford is we understand medical management whether that's comp or LTD, and we think that comes through in our execution on both sides of the organization. So really pleased with that outcome. Where that trends in the future, I think we'll continue to monitor and obviously adapt ourselves quickly as necessary, but we're pretty pleased with the performance of the business year-to-date.
Greg Peters : That makes sense. Thanks for the detail on that. I guess as my follow-up, I'll pivot to the Personal Lines business. And what I was interested in is that if I look at your prior accident year development table, where we're seeing other companies report adverse development inside Personal Lines, we're not really seeing it at The Hartford. So maybe you could spend a minute and just talk to us about why your trends are maybe a little bit different from some of the others that are reporting problems in terms of reserve development, that is?
Beth Costello: Yeah. So I'll start. So first of all, in Q3, as we said in our remarks, we did not make any adjustments to prior accident years for the auto line, for auto liability or auto physical damage. If you -- I'll remind you, if you go back to the first half of the year, in the first quarter, we did record about $20 million related to physical damage for the 2022 year. And also, in the first quarter and second quarter, we increased our estimates for auto liability for the 2022 year, but those were offset by releases for years '21 and prior. So that's why that development on a net basis is not showing up in that table.  So we were experiencing some of the same trends that others were seeing. We reacted to them. As I said, we are very pleased that in the third quarter, our loss picks for prior accident years as well as the first half of the year did remain unchanged.  And the last thing that I'll just point out on that, because I know some have looked at sort of our year-over-year results in auto. And I'll just remind you that because we have booked prior year development for the '22 year in '23, when you look at that third quarter reported underlying loss ratio for auto, it would probably be about 4 to 5 points higher reflecting some of that PYD we've seen. So hopefully, that helps some people who are looking at sort of that year-over-year comparison in the underlying auto ratio.
Greg Peters : Thank you very much for that detail. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker : Yeah, thank you very much. I'm looking at all this auto stuff. One thing that was a big change in your is the GEICO really improved a lot in their margins and, at the same time, they churned a significant portion of their book of business. One of the things that you're looking for to improve profitability long term in the AARP business was the opportunity to non-renew customers who shouldn't renew.  To what extent do you think there's a solution in your profitability, a combination of non-renewing customers as opposed to achieving through rate alone?
Chris Swift: Josh, it's Chris. I'll start and then I'll ask Stephanie to add her color. Again, we're very proud of the AARP relationship for over the last 35 years. I think you will recall, we did renew a contract and extended it to 2033. Part of that then, we launched the Prevail product and platform. But the in-force business, both auto and home, it does have lifetime continuity agreements still on, on the policy that prohibits us from just canceling a customer unless their risk profile, particularly in the homeowners' line, really changed. That's different with Prevail, but that's going to take some time to sort of work its way all into the in-force business. Because 90% of the business that we still have on the books, it relates to lifetime continuity agreements. So we have to be sensitive there. That's why we're pushing for rate as aggressively as we've had. And I think Stephanie and the team, the numbers and the results speak for themselves, and that will begin to earn in.  But Stephanie, what would you add?
Stephanie Bush : No, I think you framed it really well, Chris. When you think about really where our focus, Josh, is, it's responding to the loss trend environment. You see that materializing in our rate actions. We're also deploying our Prevail products, 39 states and market as of today. About 50% of our new written premium is on the Prevail product but that is a very small portion of our in force. So just to go back to underscore, Chris' comment on the overall in-force, and share of that does have the lifetime continuation endorsement and then the preponderance of our in-force book being 12-month policies takes time for that rate to earn in. But wholly focused on bringing this book back to profitability.
Josh Shanker : And when we look at that new business, is the rate increase is similar between what's going through on the Prevail book and what's going on in the lifetime continuity book?
Stephanie Bush : Yeah, absolutely. What I would share with you is that on the in-force book, you see the written rate. The rate has to earn in. But as we've shared in previous calls, we also look at new business rate adequacy. So when -- what is the rate level of new business? And we expect, based on all of our actions that more than half of our states by this year, by year-end, will be new business rate adequate. And that makes up about 65% of our new business volume. And so again, that gives us a degree of confidence in terms of continuing to market to drive in new.  So you have to think about new business being rate adequate given all of our rate actions. And then on the in-force, that book is going to earn in that rate overtime.
Josh Shanker : Thank you for the details. Appreciate it. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is Jack on for Mike. Just one question on the commercial insurance competitive environment. Excluding workers' comp, are you surprised at all that commercial pricing has continued to increase? Any thoughts on how we should think about pricing into 2024 once higher reinsurance costs are through the system? And we're seeing some declines in certain core CPI gauges.
Chris Swift: Hey, Jack, thanks for the question. I'll start and I'll have Mo add. No, I don't think there's any surprise. I thought I tried to address it that just given the environment, I think the continuation of rate being disciplined reinsurance costs are probably increasing. All point need to be disciplined on rate and work with our distribution partners and customers to make sure they understand why, so that there can be an element of explanation back to the end customer. So I see more of the same as we head into '24 at this point in time. But Mo, what would you add on the commercial side?
Mo Tooker : Yeah. No, I would say that the reinsurance market feels fairly stable, fairly predictable. So I think that's getting priced in ahead of renewal dates. I would say, second, the rate environment is still pretty conducive. We think it's constructive and we think that will continue.  And then third, again, I talked before about we have months periodically where we just think the market is competitive. It just is lumpy that way. And oddly right now, October is feeling really good. And so just things bounce around a little bit, and that's just -- we're going to be really disciplined about it, but we're looking to grow in a really responsible fashion.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tracy Benguigui: Good morning. There is a big debate on what is the best definition of pricing. Is it pure rate or exposure to act like rate? Your 19.7% pricing increase for personal auto is a great achievement. I'm not really hearing that pricing level from your peers. So just to get grounded, are you including exposure in there? And if you are, how does auto exposure act like rate?
Chris Swift: Tracy, I would add some commentary and then ask Stephanie. But my commentary is going to be more on commercial just so you have that. It's somewhat unique in Personal Lines auto, home. Home, we talk about the rate that we're achieving both includes pure rate and ITV, which we think works in tandem. But I think we disclosed -- I know I talked about it in my prepared remarks, ex comp, our renewal written pricing was 8% in the quarter, up four tenth.  And I would say the component of exposure that acts like rate there, yes, I think you could think of it as basically 2.5 points, 2.6 points to be precise for one third exposure and then two third sort of net rate.  That's on commercial. And I would ask Stephanie to explain to you the auto.
Stephanie Bush : Hi, Tracy. I think about personal auto is largely the rate, and I appreciate your comments. Really, our results that we were able to realize, and from a rate perspective, is largely driven by the loss results are evident and they're fully supportable in our filings. We have strong relationships with the regulators and then it was just truly outstanding execution by the team.  But if I take you over to homeowners, how Chris described it that is a combination of both rate and then what we're seeing in terms of the inflationary factors. And you bring those two together, and that gave us the 14.1.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Yeah, it was more on personal auto. I appreciate that. In Group Benefits, specifically to stability, could you see yourself being more competitive on pricing at one-one renewals, given what you said historically low long-term disability incidence trends and favorable claims recovery? 
Chris Swift: I'm going to have Jonathan add his commentary, but the market is pretty competitive and pretty efficient. So I don't think we have to make a conscious decision to be more competitive on price. We have our targets. Obviously, we'll reflect new disability trends, both incidents and terminations for that cohort. We do expect a reversion to the mean there, Tracy. So that will put some upward pressure on pricing just from where we are today.  But I wouldn't say there's a conscious mindset at 1/1/24 to do anything different than we've been doing in the past. But Jonathan, what would you say?
Jonathan Bennett : I would agree with that, Chris. I think that's the outlook that we bring to the market. We can talk about when we look forward into 2024, we find the market to be competitive all the time. I don't feel as though there's any particular change in the nature of competition in the market. And for us, a fair portion of our book is upmarket, larger accounts, and there's credibility in the data often by account there. And so we're looking at those trends on an account-specific basis and have been doing that, continue to do that. That's the way we compete in the marketplace. And so I think that we factor all of this insight into those selections.  So I don't think there's any particular change. And if the underlying question is, is this a moment of drop pricing and to grow aggressively? That's not the outlook The Hartford brings really in any of its lines of business. So the discipline is there. It remains there. And our efforts are to continue to grow the book profitably and to make sure that we take care of our clients in a world-class fashion.
Tracy Benguigui: And you did mention reversion of the mean. If you had a crystal ball, when will you see that happening? 
Chris Swift: We'll tell you when we get there, Tracy. 
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. 
Chris Swift: I mean, we price for a reversion. Obviously, we hope it's somewhat different given just the economic conditions. But I don't know when the realized reversion to the mean will actually happen, but we got to be prepared for it.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you.
Jonathan Bennett : Yeah. I think that's a fair summary, Chris. And our pricing methodology includes a multiyear view of trend. And I think in that, Chris, as we're thinking about it, we see that incidence levels are likely to be increasing overtime. But I think that horizon is always something that we're working on and debating here ourselves and thinking about the right way to position ourselves in the market from a pricing standpoint.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar : Thank you. Good morning. I want to go back to some of the reserve commentary earlier on the call. Can you maybe talk a little more about accident years '16 through '19? I think a lot of investors are honed in on those years specifically, and what you're seeing there for lines like GL and like maybe financial lines as well.
Beth Costello: Yeah. I mean, as it relates to the quarter, as I said, with a very small amount of relative increases. I think if you go back and look at over the last several quarters, you've seen us take some increases in GL lines. And I'd say a lot of that has been in those years that you are indicating. And we take that experience into consideration as we think about our loss picks and pricing for those lines going forward. So I don't really have much more color to add to that, Yaron, unless there's something else specific you were looking at.
Yaron Kinar : I guess, and maybe this is becoming a little too granular for a call, and I apologize if so. I'm just trying to hone in on specifically those years and understand maybe the net numbers that you're talking about are actually a larger gross loss from those years, offset by maybe some favorability from other years.
Beth Costello: Yeah. I mean, there can be some back and forth. I wouldn't call out anything significant on that. I mean, on our more current years, especially on lines like GL, we do tend to hold our loss picks longer. We definitely through several quarters had seen some improvement that we recognized on the 2020 year. But again, nothing that significant that I would call out.
Yaron Kinar : Okay. And then the other question I had was on the Navigators book. So I think at the time of the acquisition, the U.S. casualty book was about 40% of the business. What does that come to as of today, either premium-wise or as a percentage of the overall specialty book?
Chris Swift: I'm going to disappoint you. I don't have those numbers in front of me and I'm not going to try to guess. So we'll just work through Susan to get you that number if that's important to you.
Yaron Kinar : Great. Appreciate it. Thank you. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions. I will now turn the call back to Ms. Susan Spivak for closing remarks.
Susan Spivak : Thank you, Abby. I just want to thank everyone for joining us today. And as always, please reach out with additional questions, if we didn't get to your question. I am available this afternoon and look forward to speaking with you then. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. And we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Hartford Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Spivak Bernstein. Thank you. Please go ahead, maam.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on second quarter 2023 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all the earnings-related materials on our website. For the call today, our participants are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; Jonathan Bennett, Group Benefits; Stephanie Bush, Small Commercial and Personal Lines; and Mo Tooker, Middle and Large Commercial and Global Specialty. A few comments before Chris begins. Todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today include non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartfords prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartfords website for one year. Ill now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Last night, we reported strong financial and operational performance for the second quarter, completing a successful first half of the year. While we and the industry continue to navigate a dynamic market environment including elevated catastrophe losses and persistent inflationary pressure in personal auto, once again, we achieved exceptional results in Commercial Lines and outstanding performance in Group Benefits. Highlights of the second quarter include top line growth in Commercial Lines of 12%, including double-digit contributions from each business with an underlying combined ratio of 88.3. Group Benefits fully insured premium growth of 7%, with a core earnings margin of 7.6%. Strong investment performance with increasing fixed income portfolio yields and a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 13.6%, while returning $484 million of capital to shareholders. These results only strengthen my confidence in our ability to deliver a 2023 core earnings ROE in the range of 14% to 15%. Now let me dive deeper into our second quarter performance for each of our businesses. Momentum is strong in Commercial Lines. I expect continued top line growth at highly profitable margins during the second half of 2023, with full year underlying combined ratio targets unchanged. In Small Commercial, written premium of $1.3 billion and new business of $237 million continue near record high levels. Our best-in-class package product, which we call Spectrum, continues to outperform in a competitive marketplace. Spectrum new business premium of over $100 million was up 23% over prior year. Our unmatched ease of doing business with agents and customers and our unrivaled pricing accuracy and consistency remain important drivers as demonstrated by strong sales and retention and a 6% year-over-year increase in policies in force. In addition, written premium for our excess and surplus lines binding product eclipsed $50 million in the quarter, up nearly 60% from a year ago, with new business growth of just over 85%. Our expanding wholesale broker relationships are expected to drive continued robust growth and profitability for this important line. In short, Small Commercial continues to deliver outstanding results with industry-leading products and digital capabilities and is on track to exceed $5 billion of annual written premium in the near-term. Middle and Large commercial had an exceptional quarter. Written premiums were at their highest levels ever, up 12% in the quarter, driven by strong momentum in new business with elevated submissions and hit rates along with increasing average account premium. Cross-sell activities remain in full force and are helping to drive new business results. Written premium grew across almost all lines with excellent growth in our construction, energy, and entertainment verticals. In addition, we are particularly pleased by the 24% top line growth in middle-market property lines, which remains a key area of focus and accretive part of this business. Looking across the enterprise, as discussed in prior quarters, we are taking thoughtful and disciplined steps using industry-leading tools to grow our property book within favorable market conditions. These efforts should put us in a position to expand commercial property written premium to approximately $2.5 billion or up 25% by year-end. Underlying margins in Middle and Large Commercial were also at record levels, reflecting advancements in data science capabilities, industry-leading pricing and underwriting tools and exceptional talent, all of which position us well to maintain profitable growth in this business. Global Specialty continues to deliver outstanding results with net written premium growth of 15% in the quarter. New business growth and improving renewal written pricing were important contributors. In addition, we remain excited about our position in the wholesale market and the ongoing benefits to the top line from our broadened product portfolio, U.S. Ocean Marine, Environmental, International, and Global Reinsurance all achieved double-digit top line increases. Our underwriting discipline, along with enhanced capabilities developed over the past few years are driving targeted market share gains with a stellar underlying combined ratio that has hovered in the mid-80s for the past five quarters. In short, our execution has never been stronger. Turning to pricing. Commercial Lines renewal pricing of 5.2% compared to 4.5% in the first quarter. Excluding workers compensation, renewal pricing rose to 7.5%, up eight-tenths sequentially with accelerating pricing in property and auto. Across commercial, property pricing is well into the double-digits with auto in the high single-digits, pricing in other liability and casualty lines also remained strong, while public D&O pricing remains challenged. In addition, workers compensation pricing remained slightly positive. All-in, our strong written pricing performance in Commercial Lines, combined with stable loss cost trends, bolsters my confidence in our ability to maintain or slightly improve margins going forward. Moving to Personal Lines. Persistent severity loss increases in auto have had a meaningful influence on overall industry results. We continue to respond with significant pricing actions. During the quarter, we achieved renewal written price increases of 13.8% and expect acceleration to above 20% by the fourth quarter. As loss cost trends emerge, we will aggressively push for appropriate rate actions. In homeowners, renewal written pricing of 14.4% in the quarter comprised of net rate and insured value increases outpaced underlying loss cost trends. We are very selective and actively manage our homeowners book at a state and territory level, diligently managing risk and growth with sophisticated underwriting capabilities that allow us to effectively manage new business risk selection. A few examples of our risk management include the action we took many years ago to stop writing new homeowners business in Florida, a conservative stance on coastal CAT risk and wildfire mitigation efforts that have yielded strong outcomes. We are on the right path in personal lines, driving towards appropriate pricing and managing exposure and growth while continuing to serve our customers with award-winning service. In Group Benefits, I am pleased with both top line and bottom line performance, including an outstanding core earnings margin of 7.6%. Group disability continues to post strong results driven by favorable long-term disability incidence trends and claim recoveries. In Group Life, the loss ratio was up versus prior year. Mortality losses in the second quarter continued to run above pre-pandemic levels, but improved sequentially. Looking at the top line, growth was driven by book persistency above 90% plus strong year-to-date new sales. Overall, the strength of our diversified product portfolio as well as our commitment to outstanding customer experience through the use of data and technology resonates in this marketplace, giving us a leadership position. Moving now to investments. I want to highlight another quarter of strong performance as fixed income yields continue to trend higher with solid credit results. Beth will provide further details. Before concluding, I would like to comment on the advances we continue to make in technology and the competitive advantage it brings to our businesses and distribution partners, along with a superior customer experience. At our Investor Day in November of 2021, I highlighted the significant investments we had made in our core technology platforms which were allowing us to extend our digital and data capabilities. Back then, we were already focused on leveraging artificial intelligence to enhance execution, and today, AI is mainstream at The Hartford. The breadth and depth of our data and analytics and AI has grown into all parts of our business, and is enabling greater agility and faster decision-making while improving and streamlining the experiences of our customers and distribution partners. While some organizations talk about what they expect to do in the future, we are already doing this at scale. With several hundred AI models in production and driving business results, we believe our capabilities are leading-edge. Let me give you just one example of how we are already using what we call our information advantage, fueled by advanced analytics and AI to drive results. We developed an award-winning medical record digestion and extraction tool that has transformed the way we conduct our workers compensation business. This tool ingest and translates medical records into digital content, characterizes the data and highlights relevant information. In workers compensation, we are streamlining the adjudication process by suppressing 30% of the extraneous information contained in medical records that otherwise results in significant distraction or lost time to our claim handlers. Since inception of this tool, we have processed more than 500 million pages of medical records, and perhaps more importantly established a foundation for next level AI use cases across our business. When it comes to generative AI, we are actively experimenting with this technology in a highly controlled environment. Now, Hartford understands the potential of this technology and we believe were at the forefront in piloting use cases that will augment the capabilities of our employees. All the transformational work we have done over the past three years or four years has put us in a strong position to accelerate our market leading competitive advantage driven by technology, data science, in our experienced workforce. In closing, we have a unique portfolio of diverse yet complementary businesses that contribute to our industry-leading returns. As we have reached the mid-point of 2023, its a good time to reiterate our strategic priorities that we believe will continue to drive our success. First, leveraging our product breadth and competitive advantage across the P&C and group benefits platforms will drive profitable organic growth. Second, underwriting discipline will guide a balanced risk profile supporting long-term book value growth. Third, we will continue to prioritize digital, analytics, and data science investments and enhance the customer and agent experience to improve underwriting and claims decision making. Finally, we believe ROE is the ultimate measure of quality underwriting, execution on priorities, and prudent capital deployment. As such, well continue to focus on exceptional ROE performance. We will continue to deploy excess capital in a thoughtful manner, prioritizing shareholder return and investments in future growth. Results over several successive quarters affirm that this strategy is working. With our strong track record, we are confident in our ability to deliver core earnings ROE in the 14% to 15% range. Now, Ill turn it over to Beth to provide more detailed commentary on the quarter.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were $588 million or $1.88 per diluted share. In Commercial Lines, core earnings were $493 million. Our commercial book posted a very strong quarter and first half of 2023 with an underlying combined ratio of 88.3 and 88.4, respectively. Small Commercial continues to deliver excellent results with premium growth of 11% and an underlying combined ratio of 89.7. The quarter included higher non-CAT property losses within our package product as compared to the prior year quarter. Overall, we are pleased with the performance of the entire book evidenced by the 12th straight quarter of an underlying combined ratio of below 90. Middle & Large Commercial delivered both a record for written premium of $1 billion and an underlying combined ratio of 88.7. This was a 4.2 point improvement from the prior year, including favorable non-CAT property losses and expense ratio improvement. Global Specialtys underwriting margin was a strong 85, a 1.9 point increase from a year ago, primarily due to slightly elevated losses in a runoff line with our international book and a higher expense ratio due to a business mix in Global Re and higher underwriting and technology costs. In Personal Lines, core loss for the quarter was $57 million with an underlying combined ratio of 101.7. Homeowners underlying combined ratio of 79.6 was in line with expectations. Auto results reflected continued liability and physical damage severity pressure. The auto underlying combined ratio was an 111.8 for the quarter, which is 11.8 points higher than the prior year quarter, and is 5 points above a revised expectations from April and includes 3 points related to losses in the first quarter. This increase to our expectations is attributable primarily to a higher than anticipated number of large bodily injury and uninsured motorist claims. For auto liability, we recorded no net increase in prior year reserves as increases of about $60 million for accident year 2022 was offset by improvement primarily in accident years 2019 to 2021. As Chris indicated, we continue to pursue rate increases to offset the lost cost trends we are experiencing. Written premium in Personal Lines increased 6% over the prior year, driven by steady and successful rate actions. In auto, we achieved written pricing increases of 13.8% and earned pricing increases of 8.5%. In homeowners, we achieved our highest written and earned pricing increases in over a decade of 14.4% written and 12.7% earned with the second quarter. The expense ratio decrease of 2.7 points was primarily driven by lower marketing spend. With respect to CAT, the industry experienced another quarter of elevated losses resulting in our Property & Casualty current accident year CAT losses of $226 million, which includes the impact from tornado, wind, and hail events across several regions of the United States. And while catastrophe losses were significantly elevated for the industry, our results were only slightly higher than expectations. Our effective aggregation management and underwriting discipline, especially in certain higher risk dates, helped limit our losses from confected [ph] storms in the quarter. Total net favorable P&C prior acting or development was $39 million with $38 million in Commercial Lines as reserve reductions in workers compensation and catastrophes were partially offset by modest reserve increases in general liability, assumed reinsurance and bond. In Group Benefits, core earnings in the second quarter were $133 million with a core earnings margin of 7.6%, reflecting strong premium growth and long-term disability results. The year-to-date margin of 6.4% is at the mid-point of our full year range of 6% to 7%. The group life loss ratio of 84.1% increased 5.5 points versus prior year. Approximately 4 points of that increase is due to favorable prior period reserve development recorded in second quarter 2022. The remainder of the increase is primarily due to higher severity in the current quarter. Group disability continues to deliver strong results with a loss ratio of 67% for the quarter. The expense ratio improves 70 basis points and reflects strong top line performance and expense reductions related to the Hartford Next initiative somewhat offset by the continued investment in new capabilities to meet our customers evolving needs and drive greater efficiency. Fully insured ongoing sales in the quarter of $151 million contributed to a year-to-date sales total of $625 million. This combined with the excellent persistency Chris noted in his comments resulted in fully insured ongoing premium growth of 7% per second quarter. The economy remains quite resilient with solid employment levels and wage growth both of which continue to have positive effects on the business. Our diversified investment portfolio produced strong results. For the quarter, net investment income was $540 million. Our fixed income portfolio is continuing to benefit from higher interest rates. The total annualized portfolio yield excluding limited partnerships was 4% before tax modestly higher than the first quarter. Our annualized limited partnership returns were 2.9% in the quarter. Results within the first half of 2023 were stronger than expected given the resiliency of private equity returns and we remain on track to achieve our expected full year 2023 target of 4% to 6%. The overall credit quality of the portfolio remains high with an average credit rating of A+. Given the interest in the real estate sector, we wanted to provide an update regarding that portion of our investment portfolio, which remains consistent with what we discussed in our first quarter earnings report. As we mentioned, less than 10% of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio is in office exposures, all of which we view to be top tier properties. During the quarter, two loans were fully repaid for approximately $90 million and manageable maturities are expected in the second half of 2023 and 2024. All loans remain current with respect to principal and interest payments with no delinquencies. CMBS holdings and credit quality are also largely unchanged given lower new issuance and limited trading activity. Our high quality non-agency CMBS portfolio is primarily conduit focused and has limited exposure to office loans. Holdings are supported by diversified underlying pools of property and have significant credit support to absorb individual loan losses with manageable near-term maturities. Turning to capital management. During the quarter, we repurchased 5 million shares for $350 million. At the end of the quarter, we have $2 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization through December 31, 2024. Our second quarter results demonstrate that our franchise is well-positioned to deliver consistent, sustained, industry-leading results. We believe that we have the strategies, talent, and technology in place to continue to succeed. I will now turn the call back to Susan.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you, Beth. Operator, we have about 30 minutes for questions and we will take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Alex Scott from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. First one I had is just on the comments you made on property growth earlier in the commentary and I was just interested in, how your catastrophe budget and what youd expect from CAT loss as a shift over the next year. Certainly, the CAT performance this quarter is quite good, so Im just trying to get a feel for how thats shifting, if at all.
Chris Swift: Yes. Alex, thanks for joining us. As we talked about improving and growing our property book and capabilities was paramount and Im pleased to report on a quarter-over-quarter basis, our property totals are up about 23% on a written premium basis. Pricing for the portfolio is up 15%, a couple standout data points there, large property is up almost 70%, with 18 points a rate, wholesale properties up 25% with 29 points a rate, and then our global reinsurance business is up about 50% of  with its property component and 30 points of rate. So you can see, I think were executing well in an attractive marketplace and we feel good about what were producing. I would just share with you that, were not taking on consciously sort of CAT exposed property. I mean, we want broad-based property coverages, primarily the fire peril, and if it comes along with some incremental or limited CAT exposure, what will take it and price the CAT risk appropriately. So you should not think that this is a CAT play for us, but rather a broad-based property approach. And every year, we provide our CAT loads to you, we feel good about our CAT loads for this year, even with some slight elevation in the first half of the year. But thats what I would share with you, Alex.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thats helpful. And then in commercial on underline, anything youd call out in terms of like normalizing items. I mean, I guess pretty squarely in your range that you guided to, but just trying to think through where our baseline is and how the acceleration in pricing can benefit underlying from here.
Chris Swift: Yes, I will share with you and sort of reprise what we talked about in the first quarter, but at a high level summary, nothings really changed from what weve talked about in the first quarter. We still feel good about the guidance that we put out, were executing well. And remember, the fundamental thesis of the improvement between years was loss ratio improvement, expense ratio improvement. And we were going to fight some headwinds in our workers comp business. So all three of those components are playing out almost exactly as weve foreseen. Theres also  remember, we talked about an earned premium impact that it was slightly more leveraged on the second half of the year. So earned premiums will continue to increase through the compounding effect of rates. So I still see that and expect that in the second half of the year. The second point we talked about was a mix more towards property and other lines that have just lower loss ratios that would mix in  to help improvement. And the third thing that, again, we see every month when we review results with the team. Our underwriting initiatives and how were looking at terms and conditions in a thoughtful way continue to produce a loss ratio benefit. So you put all that together, it is still what we believe will emerge on a full year basis. To your specific point, Alex, on any unusual items in the quarter, I would say, theres probably five-tenths  excuse me, five-tenths of a point or a half a point in total headwinds, primarily from the non-CAT property losses that Beth talked about. We had favorability in middle, had some offsets in small, and then we have a runoff line of business aviation war in our international book. That business has been runoff in the last three quarters, but we did have $5 million of losses there. So I put those two pieces together and I would normalize a full half a point off of what we printed right now.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from BMO. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Great. A question on workers comp, a couple  its been interesting hearing a couple competitors that also broker talk about seeing a bit of an inflection in healthcare inflation on the medical side. Im very cognizant and we are that  Hartford has a extremely strong franchise in comp, highly profitable line of business. But we just heard your comments too about kind of your confidence in margins, but just curious, if you are seeing anything there on the margins in terms of an uptick in medical inflation impacting, I guess it could be group benefits too. Thanks.
Chris Swift: Yes. I would say, its easier on group benefits, because we dont  were not exposed to medical inflation there. Remember, our group benefits business we replace wages, and dont have any exposure to sort of medical cost in total. And then what I would say, Michael, on comp, obviously we have a lot of data points, we operate in all 50 states. But generally our medical severity trends are consistent with what we talked about in the first quarter and lower than the 5% that we assume in our pricing and reserving. Id say theyre probably 50% lower at this point in time. Obviously, were well aware of whats happening with broad based medical CPI, but were somewhat insulated from that. And weve talked about the reasons before, whether it be contracts on a state by state basis, our ability to challenge appropriate medical bills that are established to us. And remember, we  our biggest component of medical is usually physician visits and were not paying for a lot of hospital stays and really big medical procedures. So its behaving very well. But we do keep an eye out for it for any changes or adjustments we need to make.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, thats helpful. And my follow-up just on lost cost trends on the  more on the commercial side, not on the personal line side. Its good to see theres been a some pricing momentum for Hartford as well, but just curious if loss costs are also inching higher and cognizant theres still probably a good delta between pricing above loss trend, but curious, were continue to see a bit of reserved deficiencies for many in commercial auto and GL and I dont think Hartfords been fully immune to that. So curious, if lost cost trends also kind of maybe inching higher too.
Chris Swift: Well, youre right to say that generally lost cost trends have had or our pricing has had a healthy margin above trends and that trend continues here into the second quarter. So were pleased with the margin. And I would say for us, again, given our book of business, which is geared towards small and middle market enterprises. Our lost cost trends have been fairly consistent. So I dont see anything in aggregate, that is putting too much pressure on our trends at this point in time. So I would just say theyve been consistent, Michael.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Ward from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Ward: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Maybe just on non-CAT property in small and middle, was it  would you characterize that as a net benefit or net headwind for commercial lines in the quarter?
Chris Swift: Yes. I would say, it was a net headwind. Thats what I said about that 50 basis points or half a point of higher than expected property, non-CAT property losses and then if you put the aviation war losses that we booked in there and thats in the international vision, not small or middle. Thats the 50 basis points of pressure I would normalize out.
Mike Ward: Got it. Got it. Thank you. Maybe on personal auto, just curious  do you feel like the pricing that youve gotten in the quarter, was it what you expected? Is there  is it more difficult with the regulatory environments or is it just severity is just higher than expected?
Chris Swift: Well, where do we begin? Again, if I look at how we thought about how the year was going to play out is totally different honestly. I think the level of inflation pressure, the stickiness of it particularly in physical damage is just overwhelmed many industry participants. So then the BI component, the severity ticked up a little bit for us. We had a little bit more uninsured motorist claims this quarter. So it is just really been a challenge. What I would say on the positive side though is were getting rate, teams pushing really hard for rate that we could just file and use or use and file in those states that we need to get pre-approval. Were working the system as hard as we can. Both Beth and I talked about the rate increases that we got in this quarter, and we expect to have a written rate increase of 20% by the end of the year. And I suspect once we plan for 2024 will probably be in that range of written rate need in 2024 to get the book  back to target profitability. But when we put it all together, its overwhelmed our judgments and estimates, our judgments turned out to be too light. As were halfway through the year and if you look at really what we printed on a six month basis, were probably eight points above our guidance for the full year. And thats probably a minimum of where the full years going to come out at this point in time. But again, the positive news I want to leave you with and the optimist side is were executing well on our rate plans. Were really proactive with making the needed adjustments in a timely fashion. And that will continue into 2024 aggressively to get our book to target profitability probably in early 2025 now.
Mike Ward: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. Good morning. Chris, maybe building off of that last comment, because that was going to be one of my questions on personal auto recognizing, right, thats obviously been a hard business line for everyone in the industry. So when you say youre going to get back, potentially back to target profitability in early 2025. Do you envision needing double-digit rates between now and then? Or how are you seeing price and severity trend playing out over the next year plus?
Chris Swift: Yes, with respect to sort of our prior views, Im going to sort of hesitate to forecast too much just given how just dynamic things are at least. But what I would share with you two important points. We do expect in the fourth quarter written rate increases in the book about 20%. And again, an early view into 2024 from a written price side is probably in that general range and vicinity. We still see the stickiness in inflationary pressure on physical damage. And were still cautious on what the BILLION, particularly the BI trends will be and then now the uninsured motorist trends, given where rates are most likely. So its hard to predict. But as we sit here today, we think we need back to back years about 20 points of rate increases in 2023 and 2024 into the book to get us to a place to be in a position to have targeted profitability in early 2025.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks, Chris. And then within commercial lines, in response to Alexs question, right, you confirmed right that the years kind of trending as expected. You did highlight, right, some unearned rate in the book. So is the right way to think about it that there could be a tailwind on the loss ratio just from that rate earning in, in the back half the year, especially if loss trend is stable, like you said?
Chris Swift: Yes. Yes, I do believe the compounding effect of rate increases will increase. Thats what our math shows particularly in the second half. So, yes, I think youve got that right. Plus then the mix change and then the underwriting initiatives, and then were still forecasting improved expense ratio in the second half of the year. So those are all the pieces, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks so much and good morning. Chris, Im just trying to clarify, is the 0.5 point of non-cat weather, is that the consolidated or commercial loss ratio?
Chris Swift: On commercial.
Meyer Shields: Okay. What about on the personal side?
Chris Swift: That wouldnt be a fair comparison to talk about commercial losses, how that impacts the personal lines. But I think you could do the math and add both pieces together if youre looking for a total P&C impact of those higher non-cat losses that youre looking for Meyer?
Meyer Shields: Yes. Or just the personal lines impact.
Beth Costello: Yes. I guess, what I would say is on personal lines, especially if you look at homeowners, as I said, where we came in was pretty much in line with expectations. So I wouldnt point to any unusual non-cat activity in that line.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thats helpful. Second question is also in personal lines. So expense ratio is actually doing well, and I was hoping you could just help us understand how much of that is reduced marketing and how much of it is incentive related?
Chris Swift: So Meyer, you were breaking up a little bit on me. I heard a question regarding expense ratio and whats driving the expense ratio improvement.
Meyer Shields: Yes, in personal lines.
Chris Swift: In personal lines, yes, marketing.
Meyer Shields: Perfect. Okay.
Chris Swift: Mostly marketing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. Chris, Beth and team, maybe we can go back to the success youve been able to register in your commercial business from a new business production perspective. And I was struck by your comments around small business spectrums growth. I think you called out E&S binding as another area of strong growth. And Im curious about the effect of large numbers where incremental growth becomes more challenging. So how do you think about market conditions as you look not today and what youve just reported, but you look going out into 2024? Do you feel like the customer strength is substantial enough that you can continue to put up these type of numbers? Or is there the potential that they could slow down if the economy sort of adds?
Chris Swift: Yes. No, I would say, and Im going to ask Mo and Stephanie just to talk about what they feel in the market, market conditions and their ability to execute. But clearly, I believe through the end of this year and into 2024, I think will be a market environment that is still robust from a rate in terms and conditions perspective. I think particularly in the property area, broadly defined commercial property, homeowners property. And then if you look at some of the casualty lines, particularly commercial auto and some of the longer tailed liability lines, I think itll be a conducive environment to grow and maintain or slightly expand margins going forward. So Im pretty bullish on the next 18 months, but Stephanie first and then Mo, what would you say?
Stephanie Bush: Sure. And small commercial from a macro-economic perspective, we continue to see signs of a healthy economy, unemployments low, new business starts and the small commercial space continue to be strong and still better than pre-pandemic levels. We still see strength in overall exposures. So we do not see any meaningful change more of the same. Were really pleased with the quality of our submissions and our submission flow. So I feel very positive in the quarter. We grew policies in force in every single line. And as Ive mentioned in the past, our agents, our distribution really respond to our overall business model. And then finally, I would add in the E&S small commercial binding space, very, very pleased with our results. We continue to see this to be a growing and profitable part of our business. And we apply the same rigor and analytics to that book that we do to our admitted line, and were really writing the business on our terms and price. So Im very pleased with our execution and our position in the market.
Chris Swift: Mo?
Mo Tooker: Greg, maybe Ill take the two pieces. So for middle and large commercial, I think submission activities up, so we feel good about that and then that continuing throughout the course of the year. And then whats exciting, I think is a lot of the capabilities weve been putting into market over the past couple years are, were feeling good about our ability to grow scale there. And Chris highlighted three in his script, talked about construction, energy, entertainment. So these are the verticals in middle and large commercial that we think on the back of that submission activity, we hope that the growth can continue through year end. And then similarly for global specialty, the growth is broad based and that gives me great confidence for our ability to maintain it.
Chris Swift: And Greg last point, I do think the E&S market will continue to be a market thats attractive from a risk return perspective and ultimately a pricing side. So, again, I see the E&S market remaining healthy over the next 18 months.
Greg Peters: Fair enough. Thats good detail. I wanted to pivot for my second follow-up question to your comments around technology. You spoke about Generative AI, you spoke about the initiatives ongoing at the company. And then Im looking at the Hartford Next slide too. So I guess what Im curious about is just the view on technology spend inside the organization seems like theres always a lot more projects that you could spend money on, but you have to exercise some discipline. So can you talk to us about how you expect the budget for technology spend to evolve over the next 18 months or so?
Chris Swift: Yes. Im happy to just give you high level commentary. Obviously, we will plan appropriately over the next three year on time horizon. But I would say, the Hartford Next program actually helped fund a lot of the investments that we continue to make today. So Beth, I would say, its been a successful program. Its nearing its end. We do have a continuous improvement mind set. So there will always be opportunities to reduce expense and create greater efficiency, while continuing to invest thoughtfully in the next-generation of technologies. Broadly defined, Greg, I mean, we run sort of a constrained model. Everyone needs to compete for capital with appropriate IRs on their projects over a multi-year period. And thats generally how we do it. I think weve shared with you, we do expect a significant structural savings over a longer period of time, particularly as we take all our data and applications to the cloud. Well move about 100 apps to the cloud this year. Our Global Specialty business is completely in the cloud right now with all its business and data and apps. And that will generate meaningful savings. I would say probably Beth more 2025 and beyond because there is a little bit of an upfront invest. So yes, Im really proud of the team and how thoughtful they are on creating the business strategies and then the linkage to technology to create that differentiation for us in the marketplace.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Thanks. Hey, Chris. So one quick numbers question clarification on the commercial line side. Chris, I believe you said you think that the underlying margins and course lines should be stable or improve on a year-over-year basis and look through six months at about 60 basis points deterioration year-over-year. Do you still think thats achievable?
Chris Swift: Greg, or excuse me, Brian. Im looking at a underlying combined ratio on a six-month basis of 88.4 compared to 88.2 last year. So I dont know where your math is, but thats 20 basis points.
Brian Meredith: Look, Im talking about loss ratio. Im talking about loss ratio.
Chris Swift: Oh, excuse me.
Brian Meredith: Underlying loss ratio.
Chris Swift: Sorry, Im putting the two together because as we just talked about, we are focused on expenses. So to not give us credit for it Brian, I think is just not proper. So Im putting the two together and yes, as I said in my opening comments, when I put the two together, I  we are going to have year-over-year improvement from 88.3 last year to somewhere below that on a full year basis. So thats all Ill say.
Brian Meredith: Perfect. Perfect. No, thats perfect. I appreciate that. Second question, just moving over to personal lines. Im just curious from a claims perspective and personal auto, is there anything that youre doing or can do to maybe help mitigate some of these inflationary trends that youre seeing or catch it quicker in data and analytics? And also on that, are you seeing any difference? I know its really new, but any difference in the prevail experience versus your legacy book?
Chris Swift: I will  Ill add some commentary and then maybe Ill ask Stephanie to add commentary. Brian, I would say we feel good about our data and analytics that we have deployed. But again, the inflationary pressures here is time to repair is wages in these repair shops. Theres just a lot of pressure on the  Ill call it the economic system. So I dont think its a backlog. I dont think its a surprise or anything that is sort of unusual that you could sort of detect with trend lines. Its just more expensive to repair cars these days because they have more technology in them and theres been more severe accidents. Its driven by higher speed, and then you put the labor constraint onto it. So thats what I see. I think our claims team does a fine job, a good job. We got a network of claim specialists that we use that helps out our economics that if to stay in the network. So our customers and our claim handlers are incented to stay within there, but theres freedom of choice of where a customer would want to get their car repaired too. So thats what I would say, Stephanie, but what would you add?
Stephanie Bush: I agree with your point on the claim from a prevailed perspective. A couple of additional points I would make, one, were live in 22 states and were going to roll out, weve been rolling out additional four in the month of July. Its a small portion of our total book because as you know, its new business. We are very pleased with the attributes and the quality of that business that were writing. It is meeting our expectations. And then the third piece that I would share is as we move forward, as you know, weve built that on a six-month auto chassis. And so our ability to continue to get rate and get it in at a bit faster clip is also assisting not only now in this environment, but over the longer term. So overall, were really pleased with the business that were writing.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. Good morning. This is follow up on Mikes question on loss cost trends. Even though youre seeing stability on loss trends, what kind of margin youre building for stuff youre not seeing now, but maybe on the horizon, like you already spoke about seeing medical severity below your pricing reserving assumption. Any color and stuff like social inflation arise in latent liabilities and claims frequency reverting back it feels like its down post pandemic.
Chris Swift: Yes. Tracy, Im appreciate the question. Obviously, we pick a loss trend that contemplates a lot of the stuff that you talked about. So I cant break it down by product line for you. But just know that. When we pick trend, particularly by line of business, particularly within GL, it does contemplate a lot of the social aspects that you talked about litigation financing is always top of our mind in some of these areas. And then you look at particularly terms and conditions and things that were just not going to be exposed to. The classic example is what weve done with pollution over the years with asbestos how you exclude that on an absolute basis even the PFAS chemical these days. Theres exclusions in our policies for those types of exposures again going forward. So again, I think our team is thoughtful from a risk side in trying to manage those long tail either mass tort exposures that you, I think youre referring to.
Tracy Benguigui: Im curious, when did you put that PFAS exclusion in your policies? What year?
Chris Swift: I would say four or five years ago. Its for those  Tracy, its for those industries where we think we have the exposure, there might be implicit exposure there. We started in the beginning part of 2022.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Would you think that pollution exclusion in GL is broad based enough that it could include PFAS?
Chris Swift: What I would say in PFAS is obviously its nothing new. Weve been monitoring the exposures for many, many years. All the known exposure we have and discussion with our clients is included in our evaluation quarterly for reserving, and we make adjustments as we deem necessary. And also part of our A&E cover that weve done with national indemnity, the pollution portion of PFAS, not the bodily injury portion, but the pollution portion is available to be seated to that cover.
Tracy Benguigui: Awesome. Just a really quick numbers question. It looks like personal auto your [indiscernible] decline year-over-year sequentially that makes sense given all the price increases. Why then is your retention going up? Is that a timing difference or something else?
Chris Swift: Yes. The honest answer is its  obviously its a calculation. Some of it could be influenced by our six-month policy trend versus 12 months. But Ill have Susan follow-up with you on the details of the calculation.
Tracy Benguigui: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our last question will come from Yaron Kinar from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning. Chris, in your opening comments, you reiterated confidence in the 14% to 15% ROE. Obviously, we talked about the pressure were seeing in personal auto, so it sounds like you do have some offsets or areas where youre  you think youll be better than original guidance. I realize you dont really like talking or updating guidance over the course of the year. But would be curious as to where you are seeing  where youre more optimistic relative to your original targets?
Chris Swift: Well, Yaron, what I would say is, theres a lot of good things that are happening across the platform. Two of our biggest lines are performing well and probably better than we expected workers comp and disability. If I look at our investment portfolio, as far as yield maybe slightly above where we planned. I think thatll contribute. I think there will be a normalization of our non-CAT property losses that we talked about. Were out of the aviation war business, so that tail should be less impactful. So I put those components to there. And even with the ongoing pressures which I admit are continuing longer than we thought in personal lines. Personal lines is still a relatively small business and its overall contribution to ROE will be muted by its just by its size. So we continue to buy in shares, that we find attractive from a valuation side. So those are the component pieces I would share with you Yaron.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. I appreciate it. And I would just note that I think the two larger businesses as of today, at least first half of the year, seem to be tracking in line with full year guidance. So I guess it would suggest further improvement or maybe in some cases even significant further improvement from here?
Chris Swift: Im going to resist talking about the future much more than I typically would.
Yaron Kinar: Fair enough. And then maybe a quick one for Beth. I think new money rates have actually been coming down the last two quarters if I look at Slide 13 of the presentation, can you maybe talk about that?
Beth Costello: Sure. I think its kind of mixed, as you said, its been coming down from December. And one thing I would just point out is that when you think about our investment from portfolio. And as weve said, weve not made any significant changes in how we think about asset allocation and so forth. But in any given quarter what were purchasing can change a bit. So if we look at where we are in second quarter versus first quarter and fourth quarter a little bit lower in duration, a little bit higher in credit quality. So that mix can sometimes have an impact on how you just look at the sequential. What were really pleased about is the differential between our reinvestment rate and the sales and maturity yield still very healthy, and that contributing overall to the improvement that weve seen in the fixed maturity yield.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. I appreciate the answers.
Operator: Were out of time for questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Susan Spivak Bernstein for closing remarks.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. And as always, please reach out with any additional questions. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the First Quarter 2023 The Hartford Financial Results Webcast. My name is Alex and I'll be coordinating the call today. [Operator Instructions] I'll now hand over to your host, Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan Spivak: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on first quarter 2023 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all the earnings-related materials on our website. For the call today, our participants are, Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of the Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; Jonathan Bennett, Group Benefits; Stephanie Bush, Small Commercial and Personal Lines; and Mo Tooker, Middle & Large Commercial and Global Specialty. Just a few comments before Chris begin. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today include non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure, are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, I will begin with a summary of the Hartford's first quarter results, then Beth will dive deeper into our financial performance and key metrics. After which, we and our business leaders will be happy to take your questions. So let's get started. We are pleased to begin the year with exceptional results in our Commercial Lines businesses and continued strong results in Group Benefits. Well, industry-wide trends, such as elevated catastrophe losses and persistent inflationary pressure in personal auto, impacted our results. The first quarter also saw topline growth in Commercial Lines of 11%, including double-digit contributions from each business with an underlying combined ratio of 88.5%. Double-digit renewal written price increases across both Auto and Home in Personal Lines. Group Benefits fully insured premium growth of 8% combined with strong first quarter sales in a core earnings margin of 5.2%. Solid investment results with increasing fixed-income portfolio yields and strong reinvestment rates and a core earnings ROE of 14.3%, while returning $484 million of capital to shareholders in the quarter. Now let me share first quarter highlights from each of our businesses. We have strong momentum across Commercial Lines and I expect continued topline growth, at highly profitable margins. In addition, accelerating pricing in several lines combined with enhanced underwriting execution, bolsters my confidence and our ability to deliver margins consistent with the 2023 outlook I provided back in February. In Small Commercial, written premiums of $1.3 billion and new business of $242 million set new records for the Hartford. Three years ago, we completed the launch of our enhanced best-in-class package product, which we call Spectrum. Over that three-year period, Spectrum written premium has grown significantly. For example, this quarter's written premium is nearly 40% higher than the same period three years ago and the new business premium is almost doubled over that same period. In addition, we've expanded wholesale broker relationships, our excess and surplus lines finding product continues to gain momentum, delivering robust growth. Written premium approximately doubled from a year ago, fueled by a substantial increase in new business. In short, Small Commercial continues to deliver exceptional results with industry-leading products and digital capabilities and is on track to exceed $5 billion of annual written premiums in the near term. In Middle & Large Commercial, written premiums grew 10%, driven by new business growth of 23%, sustained exposure growth in solid renewal written price increases. New business submissions and hit rates were both up and average premium unsold accounts continues to increase. We are particularly pleased by the growth in property lines. The key area of focus and we will continue to capitalize on favorable market conditions. We are committed to getting paid through the CAT in non-CAT risk we underwrite, setting appropriate terms and conditions, and ensuring proper valuations. Our investments in data science capabilities, industry-leading risk segmentation, and exceptional talent have contributed to healthy margins and position us well to continue driving profitable growth in this business. In Global Specialty results, we're outstanding with nearly $4 billion of annual gross written premium. Our competitive position, breadth of products, and solid renewal written pricing drove a 10% increase in net written premium with significant contributions from Global Reinsurance. We are excited about our position in the wholesale market in the ongoing benefits from our broadening product portfolio. Execution has never been stronger and our enhanced underwriting capabilities are driving market share gains. Turning to pricing. Commercial lines renewal written pricing was 4.5% compared to 5.2% in the fourth quarter. Excluding worker's compensation, U.S. Standard Commercial lines renewal written pricing rose to 8.1% with middle-market property pricing in excess of 10% and Standard Commercial Auto near 7%. Worker's compensation pricing remained positive, continuing to benefit from the stronger-than-expected average wage growth. Within Global Specialty, Property, Auto, Primary Casualty, and Marine, all generated strong pricing results well in excess of loss cost trends. In excess casualty, pricing is becoming more competitive, while public D&O pricing remains under pressure. Within financial lines, we have been shifting our focus to private companies, in management and professional liability, where market pricing and margins are more attractive while maintaining underwriting discipline in the public space. Across Commercial Lines, long-term loss cost trends in our book remained stable and excluding worker's compensation, the margin between renewal written pricing and aggregate loss cost trends has expanded modestly. As we continue to execute our strategy across Commercial Lines, I want to reiterate my confidence in our ability to manage the book through a variety of economic and market conditions, with superior underwriting margins and continued premium growth, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Moving to Personal Lines. The Auto loss cost environment is very dynamic, across market participants, the level of continued severity increases has had a meaningful impact on industry results. As a result, active management of rate filings in response to the changing landscape is paramount. We achieved renewal written price increases of 10% in the first quarter and expect it to accelerate into the high teens later this year. In the first quarter, approved rate filings averaged 18.3%, more than double, than the fourth quarter result of 8.3%. Given the vast majority of our book as 12-month policies, it will take time for the rate increases to fully earn in. With continued elevated loss trends reported in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of this year, we have adjusted our rate execution plan and as a result, new business rate adequacy will build throughout the year as filings are approved. We expect new business rate adequacy in most states by year-end. Overall, I am confident we have the right strategy and with focused execution, expect to achieve Auto profitability target in 2024 across the book. In homeowners, results were quite strong with renewal written pricing of 13.9% in the quarter, comprised of net rate and insured value increases outpacing loss cost trends. Turning to Group Benefits. We are off to a strong start. Core earnings reflect a significant improvement. We have seen in mortality trends versus prior year, including decreasing impacts from pandemic-related losses. Lower pandemic-related mortality is a welcome and encouraging trend. While it is still too early to reach firm conclusions on long-term mortality trends, we expect they will settle above pre-pandemic levels in our pricing business accordingly. We continue to measure the effects of the pandemic and believe we are well prepared to adjust course, as necessary. In disability, our capabilities are market-leading and we remain positive on the performance and outlook of our book. Looking at new business, sales of $474 million were up $85 million over prior year. This was our second-highest sales quarter ever. Importantly, we're competing effectively across all market segments from small businesses to the largest U.S. enterprises. As a Group Benefits market leader, we are well-positioned to capitalize on rapidly evolving customer requirements for absence management, group life, and supplemental health products and services. We continue to strengthen our reputation for customer service with an extensive suite of tools for HR platform integration, member enrollment, process simplification, and analytics. Employers are more focused than ever on the needs of their employees, and our products and services are a key component of that value proposition. Moving now to investments. The portfolio continues to support the Hartford's financial and strategic objectives, while performing well across a range of asset classes and economic cycles. That will provide further details, Beth would highlight, it was another quarter of solid net investment income with negligible impairments. Recognizing that commercial real estate is topical, let me take a minute to comment on our approach to that market. We have dedicated teams of experienced professionals with a long and successful track record of investing in the commercial real estate sector. We believe the market provides attractive yields and risk-adjusted returns, while providing a source of diversification to our investment portfolio. We have approximately $6 billion of commercial mortgage loans, primarily consisting of multifamily and industrial holdings with less than 10% invested in commercial offices. We regularly review our property valuation for the impact of lower occupancy levels, higher cap rates and the impact of rising interest rates. These assessments, give us confidence, the portfolio will continue to perform well through the economic cycle. Well, perhaps a bit distinct from other property and casualty appears, we believe these holdings are an attractive alternative to investment grade corporate credit, as they provide approximately 80 to 100 basis points of additional spread over rated corporates. In closing, as we look ahead, we anticipate continued growth in strong margins across our businesses. Our financial performance demonstrates the power of the franchise. The depth of our distribution relationships and our commitment to superior customer experience and excellent execution by our 19,000 employees. With these competitive advantages, I remain confident that we can continue to deliver superior results. The Hartford has never been better positioned to deliver industry-leading financial performance, highlighted by a core earnings ROE range of 14% to 15%, while creating value for all stakeholders. Now let me turn it over to Beth to provide more commentary on the quarter.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were $536 million or $1.68 per diluted share with a 12-month core earnings ROE of 14.3%. In Commercial Lines, core earnings were $436 million, with an underlying combined ratio of 88.5%, in line with our expectations for the first quarter, which was embedded in the full-year outlook provided in February. Small Commercial continued to deliver excellent results with an underlying combined ratio of 89.5%. The first quarter included higher non-CAT property losses compared to unusually low losses in the prior year quarter and in modestly higher loss ratio in worker's compensation as expected. This is the 11th straight quarter of an underlying combined ratio of below 90%. Middle & Large Commercial delivered a record 89.9%, a 1.6 point improvement from the prior year due to favorable non-CAT property losses and expense improvement. Global Specialties underlying margin improved 3 points from a year ago to an outstanding 85.2%, which benefited from lower international losses and an improved expense ratio. In Personal Lines, core loss for the quarter was 187,000 with an underlying combined ratio of 97%. Homeowners underlying combined ratio of 78.9% was in line with expectations. All results reflected continued liability and physical damage severity pressure driven by among other things, elevated repair costs, increased used car valuations, and a modest uptick in attorney representation rates. The auto underlying combined ratio was approximately 12 points higher than the prior-year quarter, which is about 5.5 points above our expectations. As we progressed through the first quarter, we began to see indications that there was a pronounced step change in loss activity. The first signal of this was in our February data and at that time, we did not view this as a sustained trend, but an area to watch. As we monitor loss activity in March, claim frequency remained in line with our expectations, but we observed additional pressure on claim severities for both the current accident quarter and accident year 2022. For example, with respect to our physical damage coverages, we observed a lengthening time to repair vehicles and an increase in the mix of total losses versus repairable. For bodily injury coverages, we continue to experience a mix-shift to more severe accidents. Taking all this data into consideration, we booked the current quarter at an underlying combined ratio of 105.1. We also recorded prior year development of $20 million related to accident year 2022, auto physical damage losses, which was primarily related to the fourth quarter activity. For auto liability, we recorded no net increase in prior year reserves as elevated activity in 2022 was offset by improvement in accident years 2021 and prior. As Chris indicated, the team continues to file for rate increases to offset the loss cost trends we are experiencing. Written premium in Personal Lines increased 6% over the prior year, driven by steady and successful rate actions. The expense ratio decrease of 1.1 points was primarily driven by lower marketing spends. With respect to CAT, there were over 20 TCS designated events this quarter resulting in property and casualty current accident year CAT losses of $185 million, which includes the impacts from significant winter storms along the East and West Coasts and Tornado wind and hail events across several regions of the United States. Total net prior accident year development was essentially zero as reserve reductions in worker's compensation and package business were offset by reserve increases in auto physical damage and general liability. Workers' compensation reserves were reduced primarily in Small Commercial, driven by favorable claim severity experience and a $20 million reduction in COVID-related reserves from the 2020 accident year. Turning to Group Benefits. Core earnings in the first quarter of $90 million and the 5.2% core earnings margin reflect lower group life and disability loss ratios and growth in fully insured premiums. As a reminder, from a seasonality perspective, we tend to experience higher underlying loss costs in the first quarter. So we would expect the margin to be lower than our full-year estimate. Earnings for the quarter benefited from a 12 points reduction in the Group life loss ratio reflecting improvement in the mortality trend as the prior-year loss ratio was significantly impacted by the pandemic. Also positively impacting earnings for the quarter was 2.8 points improvement in the disability loss ratio, due to favorable long-term disability incidents. Fully insured ongoing premium growth was 8%, reflecting growth from existing customers as well as strong persistency and new business sales. Premium growth also benefited from continued strong employment trends as well as our focus on enhancing the enrollment experience of our customers. Our diversified investment portfolio produced solid results, amidst Financial Sector volatility. For the quarter, net investment income was $515 million. Our fixed-income portfolio is continuing to benefit from higher interest rates. The total annualized portfolio yield excluding limited partnerships was 3.8% before tax, modestly higher than the fourth quarter. Our annualized limited partnership returns were 2.5% in the quarter. These returns were slightly better than we had estimated as private equity annualized returns of 9%, partially offset negative returns in our real estate portfolio given fund valuations and the absence of underlying property sales as we expected. Looking forward, while it is still early in the quarter, we believe second quarter LP results will be similar to first quarter. The overall credit quality of the portfolio remains high with an average credit rating of A+. Given the interest in real estate holdings and baking exposure, we have provided additional information in the appendix of our earnings slide deck. We have less than 600,000 in holdings in the three failed regional banks, primarily through index investing and we had no Credit Suisse AT1. As you can see in the disclosures provided, we own approximately $6 billion of commercial mortgage loans, which are concentrated in multifamily, industrial, and grocery-anchored centers with limited office exposure. Our portfolio is focused on high-growth geographic areas. Average LTV is 52%, and importantly, we have stressed our properties for lower valuations and are comfortable that the '23 and '24 maturities are manageable. We also own $3.3 billion of commercial mortgage-backed securities. These holdings are secured by a diverse pool of properties with significant levels of subordination. We complete underlying loan level analysis for these holdings and also expect '23 and '24 maturities will be manageable. Turning to capital management. During the quarter, we repurchased 4.7 million shares for $350 million. As of the end of the quarter, we have $2.4 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization through December 31, 2024. We recognize the macroeconomic backdrop remains uncertain, but we are well-positioned to deliver consistent sustained industry-leading results. Our success is a direct result of our steadfast operational excellence. I will now turn it back to Susan.
Susan Spivak: Thank you. We are now ready to take your questions. Operator, if you could repeat the process for asking a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Brian, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thank you. First question on guidance, I'm just curious. Personal lines, obviously, running pretty elevated above kind of where your range and guidance is, what gives you confidence, you're going to be able to make your guidance number for the year in Personal Auto? And then also on Commercial Lines, you're running above kind of the midpoint of the range, should we see the underlying combined ratio to continue to improve here going forward in Commercial?
Chris Swift: Brian, it's Chris. Thanks for joining us. I think you're asking questions about Personal Lines and Commercial and probably the implications overall. So what I would say, on Personal Lines its clearly, we're facing more headwinds than we anticipated a quarter ago. We've run various scenarios and I would share with you again Personal Auto. Is that -- if the elevated inflation severity pressures we feel in the first quarter continued in the second and third quarter. And then it begins to revert in the fourth quarter and that probably puts about four to six points of loss ratio pressure on the auto expectations we had for the full year. I think then on your Commercial Lines your question remained highly confident, highly. That we will achieve the objectives and targets set out for a couple of reasons; one, the earned premium impact is increasing and it will increase over the next three quarters based on what we've written, second half of last year, and then into this year. I think also if we've talked to you and others about the business mix that we're trying to shift. Obviously, more casualty, more property and that will have the opportunity to contribute to overall margin improvements. And then third is something we don't maybe talk enough about is just our underwriting initiatives to improve risk selection, improve our overall margins that is happening in all the businesses. Whether it'd be middle market and Global Specialty or small, so I think we have all the initiatives in place that will build throughout the year. Both on our loss ratio and our expense ratio, we didn't get additional leverage to that demonstrates and I see it in our numbers that we will achieve the goals that we set out for the year.
Brian Meredith: Great, that's really helpful. And then Chris, I'm just curious, the reinsurance business, we talk about it much, but it's becoming a decent-sized business. Maybe you can talk a little bit about what's in that reinsurance book? Is it a property book? Is it a casualty book? How should we think about it, it will create some additional volatility you're going forward?
Chris Swift: Yes, I would have Mo maybe add his color, but I would say it's a diversified book, it's a diversified book of property and casualty. We've been in it, it's obviously up since we've acquired Navigators, it's a very thoughtful team, a very thoughtful approach. But it does contribute to growing our property, which I think we shared with you is a key initiative and Global Re this quarter basically grew its premium base over last year about 21% with 30% pricing improvement in property. So it's a U.S. book, it does have a little bit of global exposure. But I think it's performing very well and it's going to contribute.
Brian Meredith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Jefferies. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. My first question is with regards to Global Specialty pricing. Maybe you can talk about where you see that going over the course of the year. And also, is it still ahead of loss trends, because it just seemed like -- I think one of your competitors on the specialty side was talking about 8% loss trends in specialty, so I would just want to verify that.
Chris Swift: Yes. I would say in Global Specialty, it's just got to take public company D&O out, because it's such an outlier and I don't than it give you a couple of data points, both in our international and domestic public company D&O public company books, which it's about $200 million of gross premium. I mean, rates are negative 20% or greater. So when I think, I've sort of our book and business mix in total. I'll give you another stat, it's in our investor slides that we put out there. But Commercial Lines ex-comp pricing is up 6.8%. But if I exclude the public company P&L that 6.8 goes to 7.7 and that's 7.7% is well in excess of our long-term. Cost of goods sold increases that we're expecting, so we still have a meaningful healthy margin, if you included. It's meaningful about 100 basis points and if you exclude public company D&O that probably goes up to 200 basis points of spread. So you put it all together and it is a pressure point, it's a small line of business. But that's why, you probably see that we're being very sensitive on how much we right, we're willing to let business go that doesn't meet our hurdle rates, which will impact the top line, but it will protect the bottom line.
Yaron Kinar: Got it.
Mo Tooker: Maybe just to add, this is Mo. I think we feel particularly good about the lines outside of public D&O. I think we're growing the marine book at nice rates for wholesale auto, wholesale property books. Those are all really additive to the margin expansion, that Chris is talking about.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. And then maybe a quick one on Florida Tort Reform, do you see that having any impact on your businesses whether on the personnel side or commercial?
Mo Tooker: Well I mean, the Florida Tort Reform is obviously a welcome development to help contribute to making Florida more trouble and stable state, whether it'd be some of the statutes that we're provided, there are one-way attorney's fees being limited, contributory negligence, shortening sort of period that you could file suit. So all that is positive. I think if you're at -- if you're really asking the question, is there any short-term impacts on potential elevated litigation in suits being filed, we don't think so. And if it is controlled and contained within our loss picks, particularly in our BI bucket.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Elyse, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks, good morning. My first question is on Personal Auto. So Chris, you mentioned that you guys still expect to get back to your target margins in that business in '24. Obviously, you and everyone else in the industry is still seeing elevated trends to start this year or so why are you still convinced you can get there next year or is it just that in response to the trend you guys are pushing for more price than previously expected?
Chris Swift: Yes. I would just add like high-level commentary and then ask Stephanie to add hers. But I think Elyse what you described and my words is simple math, right. We got loss trends that are remaining elevated, inflation is sticky, there are some severity pressure on totals versus repairable as Beth mentioned. But at the end of the day, even though it works on a lag effect, the data will support raising rates. And as we said, we've got 10 points of written rate in the book this quarter on a file basis, and approved basis in the states. We've 18.3%, so the cumulative effect of rate increases pruning the book, it gives us confidence that we can achieve our target margins in 2024. But Stephanie what would you add?
Stephanie Bush: Chris. I think you framed it well. Elyse, our strategy remains unchanged at rate adequacy, focused towards achieving profitability in 2024 and our prevail launch. So the 10 points would you see sequentially over the prior quarters is a meaningful step-change. And again the rate, the 18 plus that we have approved those filings, it's truly a reflection of the rate that we're getting and how that will work its way through the book. And as Beth and Chris alluded to in their prepared remarks. What we observed in the first quarter has already been contemplated and put into our rate filings. So it's a dynamic process and one that we're working hard on every single day, but that gives us confidence.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my second question is on Commercial Lines. So you guys in response to a prior question pointed to earning in rate and there are some expenses that are going to flow through as well. Should we expect that the year-over-year improvement that you're looking for pickup, as we go through the next three quarters, meeting be the greatest in the fourth quarter as the rate continues to earn-in or is there any other seasonality we need to pay attention to when thinking about the back three quarters of the year?
Beth Costello: Yes. I don't think there's any seasonality we need to pay attention to explicitly. But I do believe over the next three quarters, you'll see improvement in the loss ratio and the expense ratio. Given what we've talked about earned rate. Coming in business mix shifting for us. So all those will contribute to that improvement. Elyse, I think we've talked with you and others about our guidance. Remember, we guided to 87 to 89, we finished last year at 88.3. We believe based on the first quarter and the data that we're seeing for the next three that we will be able to improve from that 88.3 last year, whether it would be 3 times a point or 5 times a point, we don't have to debate that today, but it will improve and then, fundamentally driven by loss ratio improvement, expense ratio improvement offset by some of the headwinds that we feel in workers' comp. So those are the three main components of how we get to combined ratio improvement on an underlying basis from a -- from last year to this year.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs. Alex, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. First one I had is little bit of a housekeeping item. When you guys mentioned higher non-CAT losses in commercial relative to the depressed level last year. How did those non-CAT losses this quarter compared to I guess a more normal expectation? I just wasn't sure whether to interpret that as higher than normal or not?
Chris Swift: No. I'll add my color and I'll ask Beth to add hers. But I would say between small and middle right on expectation for the year. Small ran a little hot and Middle and large ran better than expected, but is there anything else there Beth that you would add?
Beth Costello: No, I think you captured it well, as we again look at both small and middle little bit offsetting relative to little elevated in small Commercial and a benefit in middle market.
Alex Scott: Got it and then my follow-up is on workers' comp. I guess, when you guys are thinking about loss trend there. It seems like you probably maintained a pretty high loss trend in line with sort of the 5% positive loss trend you've been booking. I just wanted to get some thoughts on the way that you're thinking through like frequency versus severity within that? And I mean, are you giving yourself credit for the lower frequency post-pandemic? The way that we've seen some of your larger peers there?
Chris Swift: So, Alex. I think we've talked at year-end about frequency and severity trends. I would just reiterate. right in-line with our expectations. Maybe even slightly better on the severity side and I think we've talked about that. The trend on severity when we price for initially reserve for 5%. But last year and then continuing into this year, we're outperforming that. And we do have a frequency expectation that it will improve or a negative frequency, but we're not providing that data on a granular basis.
Alex Scott: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. David, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Thanks, good morning. So, Chris, you spoke about the components of improving the underlying combined ratio and commercial in 2023 versus 2022. Any how we can see the expense ratio. So wanted to look at the underlying loss ratio here in the first quarter in-line with expectations with what you guys have out. I'm wondering, if you could talk about the different dynamics there between comp and then excluding comp, what's the year-over-year deterioration just all workers' comp or was there anything else in there? And it sounds like you're expecting a non-comp to pick-up and improve over the rest of the year. But just wanted to get a little bit more color on that.
Chris Swift: Yes, David, happy to talk through that. The best way we can. I would start by saying is year-over-year and compared to our expectations are generally right in-line, right. So if you want to quibble about a 10th of a point or two 10th of a point. Okay, but I'm not. And so again is always going to be put and takes, but from the year-over-year, we're offsetting the headwind in comp with other margin expansion in other lines of business. And it's sort of across the board and it's once in two 10ths here and there, but again that gives us confidence that, that we have the ability to continue that throughout the year, the rest of the year. And again I would just point out particularly in property. As we are really focused on growing our property book, and I think we've talked about it. We've got about $2 billion of commercial lines property book. We grew that first-quarter over first-quarter, as I said 18%. And if I look at pricing, particularly in our Standard Commercial Lines pricing is up 12%, wholesale is up 24%, Global Retail is up 30%. So we are getting a meaningful lift in property and that's going to mix in and will help the overall margins. I would say again, our general liability and casualty and specialty casualty lines, our industry verticals in certain areas are also running high-single digits to low-double digits with price increases, which will contribute. We are feeling a little pressure as I said in public company D&O and also a little pressure in our excess casualty book primarily construction. And I would say there's two primary reasons for that pressure both top line and then a little bit on pricing is, competition is moving in there and then there's fewer projects that's taking longer to get financing lined up for it. So it's a little bit of a perfect storm for some pressure there, but we're going to remain disciplined and try to protect our margins there. So those are the components, I put together, David. And I hope you were able to follow that.
David Motemaden: Yes, that was great. I appreciate that color. And then maybe just a follow-up. It sounded like loss trend roughly stable in Commercial Lines and in the quarter. Obviously, a very dynamic environment especially on the liability lines side. Have you thought about any your expectations going forward? I think last quarter you had spoken about some expectation for property, severity, moderating towards the second half of the year. And then also just maybe talk about your sort of thoughts on liability loss costs, as we had through the rest of the year?
Chris Swift: Yes. I don't think there's anything new to add, I don't actually -- I don't think I follow exactly what you're getting at. But all I would say is, our property book is $2 billion, I think it performs well, we're trying to grow it. As we grow it, we might have a little bit more volatility from quarter-to-quarter, just as fortuitous events happen, still feel good about our reinsurance protection in all our property, either per risk or aggregate basis. So it's nothing new to talk about in property Mo, unless you would add anything. Okay?
Mo Tooker: No, I just say on liability we continue to and this is going back two or three years now, we've been working really hard on the segmentation and making sure we're looking at the right jurisdictions, thinking about attachment points, thinking about our limits management. So I think there's a pretty aggressive strategy that we use over the past couple of years to stay ahead of some of the trends that we're seeing now, which refers back to when Chris talks about underwriting initiatives, those are the types of things that he is talking about.
David Motemaden: Got it, thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Chris Swift: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Greg, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. I wanted to go back to your comments around D&O and the pricing being down 20%. Maybe Christian, while you can talk about, are there barriers to entry and D&O? I would have imagined for public companies, there is some component of switching costs if they go from one carrier to the next. And just as it relates to your position in the market, do you have the flexibility to come and go based on underwriting conditions, or does the business require you to stick with customers but perhaps at a reduced level of participation?
Jonathan Bennett: Yes, Greg. I'll start. Yes, I think what we've seen and I know several of our competitors have talked about it is the number of new entrants into this space, especially on an excess basis. At the same time, exposures have dropped away, whether that be spacks or D-spacks or just IPOs in general. I think it's important to note also that we as Chris talked about earlier, it's a relatively small part of our financial lines booking is -- the D&O is the $200 million that Chris referenced. And I don't think there is anything holding us in that market, we have been really working hard on risk quality day-by day-on risk-by-risk to make decisions as we decide which ones we will stay with and which ones we won't. But at the same time, we are also pivoting resources towards other parts of the financial lines book, like management liability, like professional liability, Small Commercial, Middle Market types of customers. So I think we're trying to be fairly nimble in the face of what is a precipitous drop in the public D&O market, but we see opportunities throughout that portfolio in other ways.
Chris Swift: Greg. I would add is, there are differences in relationships on the primary side versus the access side. We're primarily access players and towers, you do have a little bit more flexibility to come and go, which as most said, it creates the opportunity for new capital and new entrants to come in. Let's see a little bit more stability on the primary side, but that's just my point of view.
Greg Peters: Makes sense. I'm going to switch gears, the Group Benefits business in your comments, you look at the results. I think you said second best quarter for new sales. Is this coming across the spectrum or are you gaining more share and a different component of smaller business, middle-sized businesses? And I guess, as I think about the outlook in the sort of step change in the market and your position in the market or is just -- or is there something going on with your distribution network that's giving you an advantage over your peers?
Chris Swift: Yes, Greg. I'll ask Jonathan to comment, but I would say. As I said in my prepared remarks. I mean, we're growing in all segments. Clearly, we're still recognized as a market leader in national accounts, that's probably 60% of our book, but we do want to continue to focus and grow in the other segments and improve our offerings there. But I think it's just the cumulative impact of what our brand stands for in this space and it's totally important today we're investing, as I said before. You're right. I think we're recognized as one of the premium organizations in the benefit space both disability life, all our supplemental products. And we're trying to take advantage of it, while remaining disciplined to get appropriate rates and returns for this book. But Jonathan, what would you add?
Jonathan Bennett: Chris. All the right points to start with on the conversation for sales, the national account business is fortuitous, every year is a bit of a different market, not every customer comes to market every year and so opportunities present in different ways at different times. We had a nice run on some national account business, which we're excited to add to our book. So that continues and we feel like we are a strong player in the large case market and we'll continue to compete there. But we are focused very much, as we work ourselves down into what we call regional accounts and then the smaller and mid-size enterprises. And I think we're seeing good success through our distribution channels there, number of our initiatives it's pretty well we've been focused on things like enrollment. I had a strong season last year, I think it's an intersection of benefits awareness and interest from employees and employers to add new lines, new coverages and to access those along with our improved enrollment capabilities coming online, really it's a great time to take advantage of that interest in helping us to drive more new sales in overall top line. So those things coming together along with a market cycle that worked well for us in National. I think it produced a great result here in the first quarter of '23.
Greg Peters: Got it, all right, thanks for your answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from BMO. Mike, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, Chris, good morning. I guess first question -- thank you for the additional commercial real estate disclosure. I mean, I'm sure you and most analysts have done a lot of questions on that asset class. I'm now just curious, is there a scenario and appreciative that it's been a very profitable and remains a very profitable asset class, but is there a scenario where it would make prudent sense to ever hold back on capital management a bit, if stress and pockets of that asset class were to persist or get worse or that just you guys have had the granularity as it just not -- does that does not make makes sense given maybe the headlines are worse than the reality. Thanks.
Chris Swift: Yes, Mike. I'll would say, and I'll ask Beth to add her color is details matter, location matters, property type matters, experience with lenders or excuse me, borrowers and developer matters. So we're pretty confident in our ability to manage this through a cycle here that we're approaching and still have optimal flexibility with our balance sheet and capital, but Beth what would you add?
Stephanie Bush: Yes, I would agree with that. I mean, we regularly stress all aspects of our business and evaluate our overall capital levels and take that into consideration when we execute on our share repurchases and so forth. And sitting here today, as you can see from our results, we're continuing on path that we've been on and feel very good with the overall strength of the balance sheet.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. And my follow-up, you guys have touched on this in prior calls, but the Small Commercial New business momentum has continued and any changing dynamics there that allowed Hartford to win even more is just kind of the normal, Bob that you guys are known for doing so well and any changing dynamics there would be helpful. Thanks.
Chris Swift: I'll let Stephanie add it, but I'll just repeat what I said in my prepared remarks. Consciously, I mean, we built a new product with new technology. Amazon-like features, easy to use intuitive, both for CSR's and then our direct customers. So it doesn't happen by mistake, it's very intentional. As for what we're trying to achieve investing in. Particularly some of the latest developments in the excess and surplus lines. That we're going to attack quite aggressively in the marketplace. But Stephani what would you say?
Stephanie Bush: It's a terrific question. It's a phenomenal franchise. As Beth stated 11 quarters in a row with a sub 90 underlying combined ratio, record-breaking new business growth, all lines growing, stable retention, strong pricing, ex-work comp and we're incredibly skilled at the workers' compensation line, successfully navigate historically through multiple economic scenarios. We really are the standard for ease accuracy and consistency in this space. And our agents have come to expect a seamless digital experience that values their time and provides the right coverage for their clients. So we just really believe, we have the winning formula for this space. Our greatest competition is ourselves and we're off to a tremendous start. And as Chris mentioned, we're pacing towards another milestone of $5 billion.
Mike Zaremski: If I could, just a direct follow-up on this. You've mentioned E&S and I think the last couple of calls in regards to Small Commercial. Is that a new initiative like there or is that just happened open up a new TAM that for small commercial E&S like the likes of Kyndryl are in? Or just any color there would be great? Thank you very much.
Stephanie Bush: Sure E&S binding and small business, a terrific story, it's a wonderful and attractive addition to our overall franchise. And candidly, it's opened up another $7.5 billion of the addressable market for us and we're focused on growing the property and liability lines. We're very pleased with the results. It's a growing and accretive portion of our business and expect that to grow meaningfully over time. So it's a it's a terrific offering, we have tremendous wholesale relationships and it's just allowing us to be to create more capability and offering in the total small business universe. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question for today comes from Tracy Benguigui from Barclays. Tracy, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you, good morning. What your competitors mentioned that California workers' comp is showing signs of firming, which is ahead of the rest of the market are you seeing that too?
Chris Swift: Yes, I read that. I would say we're probably a little more. Sanguine and cautious. That's also.
Tracy Benguigui: Or is there any other tougher states that are showing early signs of firming at this stage?
Chris Swift: I would say. We're watching for green shoots. Very closely. We report if we see any green shoots.
Tracy Benguigui: Chris, you mentioned that the auto headwinds should add four to six points of loss ratio pressure on your auto expectations that you had for the full year. So how should that influenced your personal Lines underlying combined ratio guide of 93%, 95% for 23, which is auto and homeowners?
Chris Swift: Yes. I would have. Expected to be able to do the math on that, but that's all I'm prepared to say at this point in time. You can see the premium waiving you can see the history. I think you can make a reasonable estimate
Tracy Benguigui:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Bank of America. Josh, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Yes, good morning, everyone. Maybe I am doing this wrong, but. I looked at the commercial segment. In last year in the first quarter, you had $1.2 billion of claims payments and in the first quarter of '23, $1.4 billion, but you paid the Boy Scouts settlement. This quarter, which is $787 million, which maybe -- I am doing wrong if substantially reduces your claim payments in Commercial and overall to a number that assumption was low. I mean, I don't have the full-time series in front of me, but I don't think it's been that loan a decade. Am I doing this wrong or is it going to be?
Stephanie Bush: Yes, actually doing it wrong. Okay, yes, Josh, actually doing it wrong, we yes, we'll help you out. We paid the Boy Scouts settlement last week in April, so the Boy Scout settlement is not in the first quarter numbers that you're looking at and we have that disclosed in our 10-Q.
Josh Shanker: All that said, March 28 in the queue. Maybe I read it wrong. Okay, that's it, that's my only question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derek Han from KBW. Derek, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Derek Han: Good morning, thanks a lot. Just going back Small Commercial new business premiums. I'm just curious, superior benefiting at all from the smaller regional mutual companies. I really can't stand. The increase in property-related volatility and whether you think that's going to have an impact on growth may be throughout 23 as well.
Stephanie Bush: Our growth comes from a variety of sources both organic new business starts and various industries we track. Prior carrier and current carrier where we're getting the business problem and it's pretty widespread. So we are we find those opportunities and capitalize on them.
Derek Han: Got it, thank you. And then just a quick numbers question. I think Chris, you said the margin between pricing and loss trend has improved modestly. I think previously it was about 100 bps, is that kind of growing 120 bps, if you can kind of quantify that there'll be helpful. Thank you.
Chris Swift: So, Derek. I would say 10 to 20 bps area. G
Derek Han: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time. I will hand the call-back over to Susan Spivak, for any further remarks.
Susan Spivak: Thank you all for joining us today and as always, please reach out with any additional questions if we didn't get to your questions on the call today, we are available this afternoon and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending today's Fourth Quarter 2022 The Hartford Financial Results Webcast. My name is Alex, and I'll be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass the conference over to your host, Susan Spivak, with The Hartford Group. Susan, please go ahead.
Susan Spivak: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on fourth quarter 2022 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all of the earnings-related materials on our website. For the call today, our participants today are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; and Jonathan Bennett, Group Benefits; Stephanie Bush, Small Commercial and Personal Lines; Mo Tooker, Middle & Large Commercial and Global Specialty. Just a final few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today include non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and the financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Today, I will start with a summary of our fourth quarter and full-year 2022 results and accomplishments. Then I will turn the call over to Beth to dive deeper into our financial performance and key metrics, after which I will close our prepared remarks with a review of expectations for 2023. We will then be joined by our business leaders as we move into Q&A. So, let's get started. The Hartford is pleased to report an excellent fourth quarter, capping an outstanding year of financial performance in progress against our strategic objectives. Quarter-after-quarter, we are delivering strong financial results demonstrating the power of the franchise and the depth of our distribution relationships. Our commitment to superior customer experience, the benefits of significant investments made over the last few years, and superb execution by our 19,000 employees drive our success. These competitive advantages helped us deliver exceptional results in 2022, including core earnings growth of 14% with core EPS growth of 23%, top line growth in commercial lines of 11% with an underlying combined ratio of 88.3. Group Benefits fully insured premium growth of 6% with a core earnings margin of 6.5%. Strong investment results with excellent limited partnership returns and increasing fixed income portfolio yields, and core earnings ROE of 14.4%, while returning 2.1 billion of excess capital to shareholders. Looking forward, with strong momentum across all lines, I am confident we can continue to deliver superior results. Now, let me share a few highlights from each of our businesses. In commercial lines, written premium growth for the year was driven by strong exposure growth, pricing increases, higher policy retention, and continued strong new business. Underlying margins improved by nearly a point driven by earned pricing, exceeding loss cost trends across most lines in growing expense leverage driven in large part by our Hartford Next program. Across commercial lines, our brand, depth of distribution and enhanced underwriting capabilities combined with excellent customer experience, have positioned us well to capture market share, while maintaining or improving already strong margins. Small commercial results continued to be exceptional, consistently producing sub-90 underlying combined ratios with industry leading products and digital capabilities, all of which drove record breaking written premium in new business levels in 2022. Going forward, small commercial will remain a growth engine for The Hartford. For example, beyond our traditional product lines, we will continue to expand our addressable market with capabilities in the excess and surplus binding lines. This portion of the E&S business is in about an $8 billion market serving small business owners, property, and liability exposures. With current written premiums exceeding the $100 million, and the evolving innovative capabilities within our broker quoting platform, we expect to become a leading destination for E&S binding opportunities and a strong complement to our existing admitted retail offering.  In middle and large commercial, our team has done a tremendous job improving underlying margins by approximately 7 points since 2019 with a written premium compounded growth rate of 6% over the same period. In 2022, written premiums grew 10% for the year with improved quality retention and solid new business. Advancements in data science capabilities industry leading pricing segmentation analytics and exceptional talent had delivered healthy margin, which I believe positions us well to continue driving profitable growth in this business. In Global Specialty, I'm extremely pleased with the team's accomplishments since the strategic acquisition in 2019. Their tireless efforts have enabled us to meaningfully increase the size and scale of our specialty business to 3.6 billion of gross written premium, including over 800 million E&S premium. We are leveraging the global specialty franchise to further grow and expand our capabilities across commercial lines in this [$82 billion] [ph] E&S market. Global Specialty results in 2022 were outstanding with an underlying margin of 84.6 improving over 4 points from prior year and over 11 points from 2019, demonstrating our execution financity, enhanced underwriting tools, and the expertise of the team. Our competitive position, breadth of products, and solid renewal written pricing, drove a 9% increase in gross written premiums for the year, including 41% in our global reinsurance business, 19% in Ocean Marine, and 27% in international casualty. Turning to pricing. Commercial Lines renewal written price increases for the quarter were 4.9%, flat compared to the third quarter. Underneath, U.S. Standard commercial lines renewal written pricing, excluding workers' compensation accelerated from the third quarter to 7.9%, up 1 point primarily driven by auto and property lines. Workers' compensation pricing remained positive benefiting from average wage growth. Within Global Specialty, excluding public company D&O renewal written pricing remained stable in the mid-single-digits and in aggregate in-line with loss cost trends. Wholesale property, auto, primary casualty, all saw higher pricing increases over the third quarter as did U.S. and international marine. Additionally, the public D&O market continues to be competitive with rate pressures, which requires new business discipline and a focus on retaining profitable current accounts. Moving to personal lines, pricing is accelerated across auto and home, resulting in written premium growth of 4% for the fourth quarter and 2% for the full-year. Like others in the industry, auto underlying combined ratios remain elevated as we continue to experience inflationary pressure. We have been actively responding with rate filings throughout the year.  In the fourth quarter, filed auto rates averaged 8.3% increase, up 3.4 points from the third quarter. In Homeowners, we have kept pace with loss cost trends through net rate and insured value increases reflected in renewal written pricing of 10.7% for the year and 13.3% for the fourth quarter. Turning to Group Benefits, the core earnings margin of 8.3% for the quarter and 6.5% for the full-year represents significant increases from last year as excess mortality has materially declined. Meanwhile, long-term disability trends are stable and within our expectations for incident rates and recoveries. Fully insured sales for 2022 were 801 million, up 5% and employer group persistency was approximately 92%, a strong result for the year. First quarter is off to an excellent start with persistency modestly higher and outstanding new sales results. We expect the Group Benefits marketplace to remain dynamic as digital transformation, product innovation, and customer demand accelerate. As a result, we are making significant investments today and have a clear roadmap for the future that I am confident will only strengthen our market leadership position going forward. Now, I will turn the call over to Beth to provide more detailed commentary on the quarter.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were 746 million or $2.31 per diluted share with a 12-month core earnings ROE of 14.4%. In commercial lines, core earnings were 562 million. Written premium was up 9%, reflecting written pricing increases and exposure growth along with an 18% increase in new business in small commercial and 6% in middle market. Policy account retention also increased in small and middle market. The underlying combined ratio of 87.4 improved from the prior year fourth quarter with both a lower loss ratio and expense ratio. Small commercial continues to deliver superior operating results with an underlying combined ratio of 87.5 and middle and large commercial delivered a solid 90.2. Global Specialty's underlying margin improved 5.8 points from a year ago to an outstanding 83 as it benefited from strong earned pricing increases. In Personal Lines, core earnings for the quarter were 42 million. The underlying combined ratio was 96.2, reflecting continued auto liability and physical damage severity pressure driven by elevated repair costs, as well as increased bodily injury trends and includes 2 points of losses related to prior quarters in 2022. Written premium grew 4% for the quarter, largely reflecting pricing increases in both auto and home. In home, overall loss results were in-line with our expectations. Non cat weather frequency continues to run favorable to long-term averages and together with the effect of earned pricing increases mitigates material and labor costs, which remain at historically high levels. The expense ratio decrease of 3.5 points was primarily driven by lower marketing spend.  Current accident year cat losses in the quarter were 135 million, which includes the benefit of a 68 million reduction in estimates from catastrophes that occurred during the first three quarters of 2022, including 31 million related to Hurricane Ian. Winter Storm Elliott losses were 167 million net of reinsurance, of which 150 million was in commercial lines. Total net favorable prior accident year development within core earnings was 46 million, primarily related to reserve reductions in worker compensation, catastrophes, and bond, partially offset by reserve increases in general liability and commercial auto. We completed our annual asbestos and environmental reserve study in the fourth quarter, resulting in a 229 million increase in reserves comprised of 162 million for asbestos and 67 million for environmental. All of the 229 million was ceded to the adverse development cover, leaving 256 million of limit remaining. The increase in asbestos reserves was primarily due to an increase in the cost of resolving asbestos filings and a modest increase in the company's share of loss on a few specific individual accounts. The increase in environmental reserves was mainly due to an increase in the estimates for PFAS exposures, one large account settlement and higher estimated site remediation costs. Before turning to Group Benefits, I would like to review the January 1 reinsurance renewals. Overall, we are very pleased with the placements and terms and conditions for our program against the backdrop of a challenging renewal season. Our [indiscernible] current and aggregate property catastrophe protection were renewed at an approximate 20% increase in cost and 28% on a risk adjusted basis, which based on publicly available information, compared favorably with overall market increases and speaks to the quality of our book of business and favorable experience. Overall, the structure of our property cat program did not change significantly. We increased the attachment point on the 200 million aggregate cover to 750 million, up from 700 million. There were also some changes in the treaty that provides coverage for certain loss events under 350 million. We have summarized these changes in the slide deck. In addition to our property catastrophe program, we also successfully renewed several other reinsurance treaties, which also experienced rate increases with limited changes in terms and conditions. The rates we charge insured already have been incorporating these higher costs and therefore we do not expect any significant adverse combined ratio impact from these renewals. Turning to Group Benefits, core earnings in the fourth quarter of 141 million and the 8.3% core earnings margins reflect a lower level of excess mortality losses and growth in fully insured premiums. The disability loss ratio improved 6.1 points from the prior year quarter, which had elevated estimated long-term disability incidence trends. In addition, COVID-19 related short-term disability losses were lower this quarter. All cause excess mortality was 43 million before tax, compared to 161 million in the prior year fourth quarter. The group life loss ratio, excluding excess mortality increased 4.7 points, primarily due to higher accidental death losses as compared to very favorable experience in the fourth quarter of 2021. Turning to Hartford Funds, core earnings were 390 million, reflecting lower daily average AUM, primarily due to equity market declines and higher interest rates over the past 12 months. And lastly, investment results were strong in the quarter with net investment income of 640 million. Our fixed income portfolio is continuing to benefit from the higher interest straight environments. The total annualized portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships was 3.7% before tax, a 40 basis point increase in the third quarter. We anticipate our portfolio yield, excluding limited partnership returns will increase by approximately 50 basis points to 60 basis points in 2023, compared to the full-year 2022 before tax yield of 3.2%. Our partnership returns of 16.8% in the fourth quarter and 14.4% for full-year 2022 were exceptional. Performance was primarily driven by income from opportunistic sales within our commercial real estate JV equity portfolio, which generated annualized returns of 31% in the fourth quarter. Our private equity holdings were also resilient, delivering a 7% annualized return in the quarter. For the full-year, real estate generated a 22% return and private equity generated a 14% return. As we enter 2023, we expect continued volatility in markets. Given outlook for a slowdown in consumer consumption, corporate investment and M&A activity, we expect our private equity returns to be below our long-term target. At the same time, the increase in financing costs and the reduced availability of real estate financing is expected to impact sales activity in our real estate JV equity. With this backdrop, we expect a 4% to 6% return for partnership and other alternative investments in 2023.  Turning to capital, as of December 31, holding company resources totaled 1 billion. For 2023, we expect dividends from the operating companies of 1.5 billion from P&C, 400 million from Group Benefits, and 125 million from Hartford Funds. During the quarter, we repurchased 4.9 million shares for $350 million. As of the end of the year, we have 2.75 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization through December 31, 2024. To wrap up, our businesses performed strongly in 2022 and we are well-positioned to continue to deliver on our targeted returns and enhance value for all our stakeholders. I will now turn it back to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thank you, Beth. Let's [take it forward] [ph] where I'd like to share a few thoughts about 2023. Underpinning the outlook is our commitment to disciplined underwriting and expanding or maintaining margins, while prudently growing our book of business. In 2023, we are expecting a commercial lines underlying combined ratio in the range of 87% to 89%. Total renewal written price increases in commercial lines, excluding workers' compensation are expected to be fairly stable, compared with 2022. Meaningful increases in standard commercial property, auto, and general liability pricing are somewhat offset with competitive pricing headwinds in parts of our financial lines business. In our global reinsurance book, we expect meaningful written price increases, including over 30% for U.S. and European property coverage. Commercial loss cost trends are expected to remain fairly stable with some moderation in property severity as inflation is expected to ease during the second half of the year. Before I get into specific trends for our market leading workers compensation business, let me remind you of its current margin strength and stellar contribution to our overall commercial line results. Looking back over the last 25 years, our loss ratio results have outperformed the industry on average by approximately 5 points, reflecting our significant competitive advantages in pricing sophistication, underwriting analytics, [and claim] [ph] management. In addition, our scale and wealth of data allow us to anticipate, identify, and quickly react to emerging trends as we manage retention and growth in this line. Over the past 10 years, our standard commercial lines workers' compensation book that's produced combined ratios averaging near 90, while our premier small commercial book has performed even better with an average combined ratios in the mid-80. Also impressive, is a 6 point underlying loss ratio improvement since 2019 in middle market accomplished by equipping our underwriters with advanced risk segmentation tools. We expect workers' compensation to remain a highly profitable business and an important earnings contributor to The Hartford. Turning to a few specifics in our forecast. Workers' compensation renewal written pricing, which is comprised of net rate and average wage growth is projected to be flat to slightly negative. Loss costs are expected to be up slightly as long-term frequency and severity selections remain unchanged from 2022. We will continue to use our market leading tools in underwriting expertise in risk selection and book management to minimize any margin compression. In 2023, we expect workers' compensation returns to remain attractive with deterioration equating to roughly 0.5 point on the commercial lines underlying combined ratio. In summary, for commercial lines, we are extremely confident in our ability to manage our book through a variety of economic and market environment, an underlying combined ratio within a range of 87 to 89 will be an outstanding result and reflects our ability to execute consistently and deliver superior margins. Turning to Personal Lines, we expect a 2023 underlying combined ratio in the range of 93 to 95. In auto, renewal written price is expected to accelerate into the mid-teens by the second quarter and remain there for the balance of the year. By mid-year, we expect new business to be price adequate. Loss cost trends, primarily driven by severity, are expected to remain elevated during the first half of the year before returning to more normal level in the second half. In Homeowners, we expect earned pricing to generally keep pace with loss cost trends throughout 2023. As we navigate this inflationary period across Personal Lines, we are focused on balancing re-adequacy, quality of new business, and marketing productivity. Overall, I am confident we have the right execution plans to return this business to targeted profitability in 2024. In Group Benefits, we expect the 2023 core earnings margin to be between 6% and 7% consistent with our long-term margin outlook for this business. With COVID shifting from pandemic, to endemic state, excess mortality losses are expected to improve versus 2022.  However, we expect mortality trends will settle above pre-pandemic levels and we are pricing business accordingly. [All-in] [ph], group life loss ratios are expected to improve versus 2022 and in group disability, we expect some moderation of recent favorable incidents and recovery trends. Before closing, I'd like to share a few recent ESG achievements. This year, The Hartford will be honored as one of two global catalyst award winners for advances we have made in diversity, equity, and inclusion. The Catalyst Award is the premier recognition of organizational DE&I efforts, driving representation, and inclusion for women.  The Hartford was also named to The Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index into America's most just companies list for 2023 having earned both honors every year since their inception. The recognition we continue to receive is a testament to our long standing commitment to sustainability and the dedication and hard work of our teams. In closing, let me summarize why I'm so bullish about the future for our shareholders. One, our 2022 financial results demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy and the benefits of continued investments in our businesses, resulting in strong growth in margins in commercial line, group benefits operating at targeted returns, and a personal lines business tracking back to target margins. Two, we have the capability to sustain superior returns as a result of our performance driven culture, outstanding underwriting, and pricing execution, exceptional talent and innovative customer centric technology. Three, investment income is increasing supported by a diversified portfolio of assets and credit quality remains healthy. And finally, we are proactively managing our excess capital to be accretive for shareholders. All these factors contribute to my excitement and confidence about the future of The Hartford. Our franchise has never been better positioned to deliver industry leading financial performance with a core earnings ROE range of 14% to 15%, while creating value for all our stakeholders. Let me now turn the call over to Susan for Q&A.
Susan Spivak: Thank you. Operator, we have about 30 minutes for questions. Could you please repeat the instructions for asking a question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Brian, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions here. First one, just curious if I look Hartford Next, it looks like you got another 65 million to recognize an expense saves coming through in 2023. It gets to about 0.5 point on the expense ratio. Are there some offsets we should think about in 2023 that will maybe make it so we don't see that half a point?
Chris Swift: Brian, thanks for the question. Thanks for joining. You are right. I mean the Hartford Next program is contributing to our overall efficiency and effectiveness and it does have about a half a point benefit in  as we head into 2023. The second part of your question is, do you see any challenges to executing on that as we sit here today? No. I mean, I think that's a good assumption, if I understood your question correctly.
Brian Meredith: Yes, yes. Exactly. That's it. So, I mean the 0.5 points should be beneficial. Okay, good. And then Chris, I'm just curious. Obviously, a really strong property market right now from a pricing perspective. It sounds like you took advantage of some of the property pricing in the reinsurance marketplace. I'm just curious, could you maybe talk a little bit about your capabilities, capacity, willingness to kind of lean into the property markets right now and see some good growth in that business? And perhaps margin accretive for your 2022 results?
Chris Swift: I think Brian you picked up on one of our key strategic initiatives over really the last five years to be a bigger property writer. Maybe it's not known by you, sort of firsthand, but we have about $3 billion of property premium, including homeowners premium of about 1 billion. So, it is an area of focus. It's an area of growth for us. We do operate on the small end with a [bi-product] [ph] in middle and large, and we also have developed an E&S property capability. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have some assumed reinsurance property exposures around the world. So, it is on a primary basis an area we're leaning into. That will ultimately help continue to diversify our book of business so that we're a more balanced organization going forward. So, yes, it is a focus of ours going forward.
Brian Meredith : Great. Thanks. If I could just squeeze one more in. Group Benefits, are you seeing any impact yet from some of the layoffs that we're seeing at large corporations?
Chris Swift: I would share with you and then Ill ask Jonathan Bennett to comment. Generally, no. I mean, we have a book of business that range from obviously large global organizations to small and middle size organizations, but the trends in our book are fairly stable, Jonathan. What would you add?
Jonathan Bennett: I definitely agree with what you said, Chris. Point out in the fourth quarter, we had growth of earned premium and fees of about a little over 8%, so strong fourth quarter. And as you pointed out in your comments, we're off to a great start in January with good new sales and strong persistency. So, we're on the watch. We are aware of all the announcements happening as well. But where we sit today, we're in pretty good shape and looking forward to 2023.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Ward of Citi. Mike, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Mike Ward: Thanks, guys. Good morning. I had a question on workers' comp. I'm just curious what you're assuming around underlying losses and how big might you say the headwind is to the year-over-year underlying combined ratio?
Chris Swift: Yes, thank you for the question. Michael. I alluded to some of this in my prepared remarks, so I will try to connect the dots maybe a little bit better. But as we define, sort of renewal pricing combination of pure net rate and then exposure growth with additional workers, I mean that's likely to be flat at best to slightly negative. And if you overlay, sort of our consistent long-term medical cost inflation of five points and a frequency assumption that is generally consistent with our longer-term trends, I mean that will have a negative impact on our combined ratio. And I sized it about a half a point in relation to our overall commercial lines, new combined ratio. I think the other hand, though, you've got to connect the dots, again, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are getting good net rate in auto property, particularly and the expense efficiencies that more than offsets that half a point of decline. And really at the point, if I really measure it more precisely, we see 0.5 point of commercial lines improvement year-over-year.
Mike Ward: Okay, great. And thank you. Maybe on the cat loss guidance, curious how are you able to keep it relatively similar to last year? Just thinking about inflation and modestly higher retentions under the reinsurance treaties?
Chris Swift: Yes, I would  again, good question. I think the gist of it as Beth said in her prepared remarks. Our reinsurance treaties have not changed dramatically from a risk side. We're very pleased with the overall renewal. And that's consistent, sort of with our modeling and expectation, particularly given the exposures that we enjoy today. So, would you add any other color, Beth?
Beth Costello: Yes. The only other thing I would add, I mean, it is up just a tenth of a point, if you look at what our guidance was last year. And as a reminder, we've been talking about we've been taking rate in the property book. So that obviously is there to mitigate some of the cost pressures that you referred to. And then again, as Chris commented on, our structure of our cat program not changed significantly.
Mike Ward: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Greg, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Great. Good morning, everyone. For the first question, I would like to focus on the retention stats that you put in your supplement both for commercial and personal lines. In listening to the comments of others, it seems like the trends of retention might be moving up in commercial and down in personal. Yet when I look at your numbers, it looks pretty stable. Can you talk to us both in commercial and personal about what you're seeing on policy retention and how that factors into your outlook for next year or this year, I should say?
Chris Swift: Sure, Greg. And then I might ask Stephanie and Mo to add their color in their respective businesses. I would say at the outset it's, sort of been our priority to really take care of our book of business, principally because we work so hard to improve it, so hard to acquire the right new customers. And I mean, you see the margins and the returns that we're generating.  So, the number one priority we have going into the year is, taking care of customers, trying to do everything you can to prevent a piece of business going out to bid and creating a shopper opportunity. And that's good to retain. It's obviously not so good when you're looking to see if there's new business opportunities. But generally, it's the most profitable strategy to just take care of your existing customers with the necessary rate increases that keeps pace with loss cost trends. So, Stephanie, what would you say in small and personal lines?
Stephanie Bush: Sure. Good morning. So, in small commercial, what I would share is that it is very strong and stable, which I really believe is a testament to our entire business model. And I've shared these comments before in other forums. Everything that we do across the entire business model really lives into three key principles. Being easy to do business with, being accurate when we provide that pricing and that overall experience and then being consistent, particularly when you come from a renewal perspective. We have been consistently, particularly in the BOP and the auto lines been taking rate, measured rate over an extended period of time. And so, we continue to build confidence with our agents and our small business owner. So, I would expect that you would still continue to see healthy and strong retention in small commercial. When I go over to the personal lines space and I'll start with auto, you know, as we all know, the market is  there's a bit of disruption going on. And as you can see in our results, we've been very stable. We have been taking rate for 12 quarters straight and will continue to take rate. And so, it gives us confidence in terms of our overall offering. We're continuing to step up the rate changes that Chris and Beth referenced in their prepared comments. But overall, I would expect personal lines to be somewhat stable potentially a very modest decline in auto this year in 2023, but overall stable.
Chris Swift: Mo, what would you add?
Mo Tooker: Yes. Id echo many of Stephanie's small commercial [teams] [ph]. I think we feel really good about both the middle and large commercial and the global specialty books in terms of the quality of what we have. And as such, the retention will play an important role in our strategies. We are watching closely as Chris has talked about. We're watching closely the workers' comp and the public E&O. We feel really good about the quality of those books, but there's a little bit more pressure there. So, I think retention and rate is a little bit more tactical there. But again, we feel great about the quality of both books and we'll protect them.
Greg Peters: Thanks for that detail. Just as a follow-up and I know you addressed it in your opening comments and Stephanie just mentioned it again, but and I'm looking at your guidance for personal lines for 2023 of 100.5 to 102.5. And then I'm looking at what happened in auto, particularly in the combined ratio really spiking up in the fourth quarter. I know there's rate coming, is it your sense that we're, sort of beginning to approach, sort of like the peak or trough profitability for auto in the next couple of quarters or do you expect it to remain at these elevated levels as we see in the fourth quarter?
Mo Tooker: Yes. What I would say, Greg, is that at least the first half of the year, I think you're going to see an elevation, maybe a modest decline from where we are today. Remember, we have about [indiscernible] five points of seasonality and sort of the auto results this quarter. So  but if you leave a look at the full-year, auto results of 101, 102, yes, it's got some improvement to do. We're focused on it, but I think that improvement will accelerate in the second half of the year to the point where we could actually see margin improvement during the fourth quarter. But we're going to have to execute hard on rate plans, work with all our government relations and regulator friends to get those approved, which we know how to do, but it's a  there's a magnitude of volume of activity that does need to happen.
Greg Peters: Right. Makes sense. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Elyse your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. Good morning. Appreciate all the color on the call. My first question, Chris, it sounds like you upped the ROE guidance, right, 14 to 15 as it previously been 13 to 14. When going through the pieces of everything, it sounds like it's more a reflection right of just improved investment income and on the fixed income portfolio, but am I missing something in making those observations?
Chris Swift: Thanks for joining us, Elyse. I would say, you're right. The NII is a big component, particularly coming off just  if the interest rate moves in our fixed income portfolio, but as Beth also said, we do expect lower alternative returns this year. But I do think that there is underlying margin improvement in our commercial book of business that maybe is underappreciated. And I would explain that the guidance that we set, I think is prudent as thoughtful, as reactive of the conditions that we have, but we have a high degree of confidence of achieving, particularly at the midpoint. So, from there then, we played to outperform. And I think we've got a good track record of outperforming over time. And that's the mission next year. So, the guidance says what it is and it does imply really when I really measured on a refined basis, about 50 basis points of improvement, but I don't think we're going to be done from there. And all that goes into our views of what our overall ROEs will be next year, including our buyback and programs.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my second question, you guys are the dividends to the holdco are going to be higher this coming year. [Group] [ph] did go up and I know you guys have, kind of targeted a balanced level of capital return, but given the extra dividends to the holdco, could we expect capital return to pick up in 2023 via share repurchase?
Beth Costello: Yes. So Elyse, yes, you're right. The dividends from group benefits are increasing. I would characterize that as, sort of kind of getting back to normal. The last couple of years they've been lower because obviously the statutory results have been impacted by the higher mortality losses. So, we're kind of getting to more of our normal run rate, which we had contemplated when we evaluated the size of the update that we did to our share repurchase authorization. So, I would call the increases just totally in line and we're going to continue to execute on the plan that we have.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Jimmy, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thanks. Good morning. I had a question on workers' comp following up on some of Chris' comments earlier. Obviously, margins have been pretty good and seems like you're expecting that to continue through 2023. Is it reasonable to assume that there's going to be a lot of pushback from regulators in allowing price hikes over even if you look beyond this year until margins get a lot worse from where they are or do you think that at some point over the next one to two years that the market could begin to show signs of an uptick in pricing?
Chris Swift: Yes, thank you for joining us today, Jimmy. Again, as I said in my opening remarks, I mean, the trends there are some modest level of deterioration in our combined ratios, principally due to the pricing environment set by various regulators in the experience that the industry has had, I think you're really asking is, when do you see a turn and that's a hard question to ask. But I think the components of a turn in pricing are starting to emerge, particularly as we get through the pandemic period where frequencies were just down due to less economic activity, less work in general, and those usually, the look back period is three years on rate filing. So, if you think of experience in 2019, 2021 that starts to leave your rate filings in 2024. So, I'm optimistic that there can be some at least reversal of negative price trends coming out of NCCI or other rating bureaus to allow maybe modest price increases sometime in 2024 heading into 2025.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on personal lines, obviously, the loss ratio picked up at the expense ratio declined considerably this quarter, should we assume a similar expense ratio given lower marketing until the loss ratio begins to improve or what are your thoughts on that over the next [year] [ph]?
Chris Swift: Well, let me just start and then I'll ask Stephanie to add her planning. Again, this year, we really cut back on marketing, particularly in the fourth quarter to make sure that we had opportunities to add new customers that were really  could be profitable with us as we earn that in and we just really, sort of slowed down marketing at this point in time. And as we head into 2023 though, as I said, I think we've become rate adequate by the middle of the year and gives us an opportunity to think about marketing slightly differently, but Stephanie, what would you say from a strategy side and then really an expense perspective?
Stephanie Bush: I think you captured it well, Chris. A couple other points I'd either underscore add is that, yes, our marketing and media change was intentional in the late third quarter into the fourth quarter. We moved really more to more targeted and very marketing sources. So, I want to confirm that we were still marketing. It's a very dynamic process, marketing source by marketing source, but as Chris mentioned, we believe that we will be new business rate adequate by mid-year in majority of the states and you should expect to see our media spend continue to build throughout the year. And then finally, with that new business rate adequacy, I would expect that we'd begin to start to see new business PIF count growth in the back half of the year. So, think about how all of those components work together.
Chris Swift: But Jimmy, just to tie it all together, I would expect on a year to year over basis expenses to be relatively flat.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman of Credit Suisse. Andrew, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. Good morning. Looking at Slide 16 of your presentation, I see that the annualized investment yield ex LPs has really picked up nicely just Q-over-Q from 3.3% to 3.7%, and we're seeing a little bit of pressure now on rates, but can you talk about where you see that annualized investment yield ex LPs going over the next few quarters? And any insight you could provide there?
Beth Costello: Yes, I'll start with that. So, as I said in my prepared remarks, when you look at that number, and you think about for the full-year or on an annualized basis of 3.2, expecting that 50 basis point to 60 basis point increase. When you look at fourth quarter, just a couple of things I think to highlight on that. Is that included in the yield ex partnerships. It's not just fixed maturities, it's also some other items as well. Think about dividends on equities securities and things like that that can sometimes be a little bit lumpy. So, when I think about where we're ending the quarter at 3.7 and sort of going into Q1, probably not expecting to see a big increase quarter-over-quarter, kind of on a run rate basis and that kind of continues as we go through 2023. If you really look just at the fixed maturity yield, we're definitely seeing some increases there and we'd expect to see that as we go through 2023 on that line. And you can see the details in our investor financial supplement of fixed maturities versus some of these other asset classes like equity securities and mortgage loans. So, we see it as a nice trajectory. We obviously had a nice lift this quarter. Our average purchases that we did, the yield was around 6%, which was a bit elevated. I wouldn't expect that to be the norm as we, kind of go into Q1 was a little bit elevated just because we ended the quarter  ended the third quarter with some excess cash because we had divested of some treasury securities and pretty opportunistically invested at pretty high points from a yield perspective, which drove that up. And I'd expect like looking at January, that 6% is probably more like [5.1%] [ph]. Was that helpful?
Andrew Kligerman : Got it. Yes, very helpful. And Chris, I'm just I'm trying to get my arms around this workers' comp issue and when it's going to temper. I know you've already gotten two questions on it. Maybe you could give us a sense of how much  you mentioned renewal written premium slight negative. What was the rate component for that? Was that a pretty heavy negative? Was that four points down, three points down and with the stellar ratios that Hartford  and I get that Hartford is probably best-in-class period in workers comp. The second part of that question is, with ratios that have been around 90% small and mid, even better than that. Will the regulators allow you to raise rates or will they penalize you for being best-in-class? So, I'm just trying to get my arms around that. Two questions, the rate and then again maybe a little more color on that outlook for getting rate in the future?
Chris Swift: Again, thanks for the question. Andrew, I would say it's always better to be best-in-class at anything. So, I'm going to disappoint you and say that look, there's a lot of detail we provided. There's a lot of metrics that you could try and get laid on to just focus on a sub line with really nuanced details from an operating side. All I said is, I really do think the rate, the net rate and the rate then that we get from increasing exposures. So, the exposure that acts like rate is going to be negative next year, slightly negative. And that's all I was saying.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. Maybe I'll just throw a quick one. I was hoping  I wasn't expecting a detailed answer, but fully insured group benefit sales up 52%, maybe a little color on the products that were quite strong in the quarter?
Chris Swift: Yes. I'll let Jonathan add his color.
Jonathan Bennett: Sure. In terms of our sales, good numbers in there, yes. Sometimes late in the year you get opportunistically a sale or two. A lot of our business trades in the first quarter. And then some other big numbers will happen oftentimes in at the beginning of the third or maybe the fourth quarter, but so some nice numbers for us in the quarter. Strong disability results for us, I would say, primarily and we continue to see really good response to our voluntary, our supplemental health product set. So, those would include critical illness, hospital indemnity, and accident. And that book has been building for us steadily now for a number of years and had our highest sales numbers in 2022 since inception of those programs. So, I think those are the ones that are really driving at disability and sub health. We continue to compete effectively on the life side, but definitely a stronger mix on the disability and self-help side.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay, thanks a lot.
Chris Swift: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW. Meyer, your line is now open.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Good morning all. Broadly speaking, can you talk about your [appetite] [ph] for allocating more investments to LPs and alternatives over the next few years given the higher interest rate environment?
Chris Swift : Meyer, I had a hard time hearing your question. I don't know if Beth, if you heard the question. Were you asking about the investment philosophy of alternatives or dollar amounts?
Meyer Shields: So, really just the plans. I was thinking about it on a percentage basis, whether there is more or less appetite for current cash flows to go to alternatives in LPs?
Chris Swift: I would say generally we have our targeted portfolio that we update every year. And I would say generally we had a slight increase to our targeted alternatives. Think of a percent. So, not a meaningful change, but it's something we have really deep skills in. And I think if you look at our performance over a longer period of time, Meyer, you'll see that I think we've outperformed consistently with just lower volatility. So, from a pure sharpen ratio side, I think it's a great trade and we got great partners in that area, particularly in the real estate area, Beth. But what would you add?
Beth Costello: I think you captured it well. I mean, it's an asset class that we've been slowly increasing allocation to. And as Chris said, continue to look to do that, but really not in a meaningful change in the overall construct of our portfolio, but as you said, it's an asset class that we've been very pleased with.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. And obviously, this is overwhelmed by positive news, but we've had a few quarters of adverse development for commercial auto liability, I was hoping you could talk us through that.
Beth Costello: Yes. So, we have experienced some large losses that have come through in that book that as we've closed the last several quarters we've decided to increase our reserves there. It is a line also that we're looking very closely at from a rate perspective and continuing to re-underwrite and look at the risks that we're putting on. So, nothing specific that I'd point to, but we have had just a few large losses that weve reacted to as we made our quarter-end judgments on reserves.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Motemaden from Evercore. David, your line is now open.
David Motemaden: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just had a question on the workers' comp loss cost. Chris, I think you said that you expect loss cost to be slightly up, but that includes 5% medical cost severity. Could you just talk about what you're assuming on frequency? Are you assuming negative frequency there? And maybe how we should think about that in the current environment? And then maybe just talk about on the indemnity side as well.
Chris Swift: Yes. Thank you for joining us, David. I will just be clarifying  the trends that I talked about on the loss cost side were relatively flat and stable year-over-year. Medical severity at 5, I didn't give you a frequency number or not, but those trends are fairly consistent. What changed though is, sort of net rate and exposure, that [excess rate] [ph], that is going to be down slightly year-over-year into a slight negative territory. On the wage indemnity side, it's sort of a self-balancing equation from my perspective. We charge more. We collect more as salaries go up and it's sort of a natural hedge for increasing indemnity payments that we get to collect upfront. And then there's a little bit of medical severity benefit because only 50% of loss content in workers' comp is wage. So, that's what I would share with you.
Beth Costello: Yes, the only thing maybe I'll  just to clarify, one item as Chris said, it's a [pretax trend] [ph], right? When we think about the trend relative to loss, we're not making a change year-over-year, but again, as you said, medical severity with 5 points, some of the other items that he referenced wouldn't result in negative trend. So, from a pure loss cost perspective, you'd expect some increase, but all the other components that Chris talked about then also affect overall results.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just on, I guess, Chris, you had said, you expect 50 basis points underlying combined ratio improvement in commercial lines and you gave a lot of detail. Just it sounds to me like you expect most of that come from the expense ratio as opposed to the loss ratio, just given the headwind from workers' comp obviously offset by expansion on other lines? Is that the right interpretation?
Chris Swift: I would say half-and-half. So, the point of buying ratio improvement in commercial lines year-over-year at the point from expense, at the point from margin. That's what we're confident we're going to achieve. [In place for upside] [ph] in the quarter as we execute during the year.
David Motemaden: Hello?
Chris Swift: David, sorry, I was on mute. I was going to say no. I think you've misinterpreted a half a point of expense ratio improvement and a half a point of loss ratio improvement and feel highly confident on that. Half a point of, I'll call it loss ratio improvement. And we're going to play for upside from there. Again, highly confident of achieving, sort of those midpoints and we're going to aim to overachieve during the year.
David Motemaden: Got it. So, half a point on the underlying loss ratio. So, I guess that would imply I guess you're assuming [1.5 to 2 points] [ph] of expansion on everything excluding comp, I guess. If I just take  if I just do a weighting, 33% of your book is comp and then the balance I would expect you to get 1.5 points of improvement. Is that the right way to think about it?
Chris Swift: Yes. I don't remember having a tough time communicating. I think the overall expense ratio improvement is going to be driven by again expense and then pure loss ratio improvement over the years. But in total, David, I'm expecting a half a point of combined ratio improvement in commercial lines year-over-year, but we start with a negative 0.5 point because of comp. So that means you got to get a point elsewhere. And that point elsewhere, as I said to you, half of it comes from expense and half of it comes from pure loss. And we feel highly confident on achieving that. And we're going to play for upside meaning my language of communicating to you is, I think we're going to outperform that point estimate I just gave you. Is that clear?
David Motemaden: That is clear. I appreciate your comments.
Operator: Thank you. We will take no further questions for today. So, I'll hand back to Susan Spivak for any further remarks.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Alex. I apologize to those we didn't get to your questions, but we are here all day and we'll reach out and follow-up with you. And thank you all for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending today's The Hartford Third Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Alex, and I'll be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass the conference over to your host, Susan Spivak, with The Hartford Group. Susan, please go ahead.
Susan Spivak: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on third quarter 2022 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all of the earnings-related materials on our website. For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; and Doug Elliot, President. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period. Just a final few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today include non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and the financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. The Hartford produced a strong third quarter with core earnings of $471 million or $1.44 per diluted share which includes the impact of Hurricane Ian and the ongoing effects of a dynamic macroeconomic environment. Before discussing our results in detail, I wanted to extend our thoughts and prayers to all those impacted by Hurricane Ian, a powerful and devastating storm. It is in moments like this that I am especially proud of our Hartford's claims team. To date, we have inspected approximately 95% of all claims submitted and had issued initial payments on 50% of those claims. Over the coming months, our team will continue to work tirelessly to help all our customers affected by the storm. Nearly a year ago at our Investor Day, we told you how confident I was in our portfolio, capabilities, expertise, talent, and our ability to deliver consistent and sustainable returns. As we look back, the clearest proof point that our strategy is working is our financial performance. In the first 9 months of 2022, we delivered core earnings growth of 18% and core EPS growth of 27%, top line growth in Commercial Lines of 12%. At Commercial, underlying combined ratio of 88.6, a group benefits core earnings margin of 5.9%. We returned approximately $1.6 billion to shareholders and yesterday announced a 10% dividend increase. And we also produced a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 14.3%. These are terrific results that reflect The Hartford's performance-based culture and demonstrate why despite the continued headwinds of inflation and economic uncertainty, we are confident in our ability to continue to execute at a high level. In Commercial Lines, we remain disciplined and prudent in establishing loss picks. We continue to have approximately 100 basis points of spread between renewal written pricing and loss trends excluding workers' compensation. Our Small Commercial results continue to be exceptional. NextGen Spectrum, our market-leading business owners product, is fueling much of our new business success as we gain market share at very favorable margins. The digital customer experience we provide in Small Commercial is a significant competitive advantage for customers, agents and brokers as it provides a fast, intuitive and efficient platform for doing business. The most recent Small Commercial Keynova study ranks us number one in digital capabilities for the fourth consecutive year. Our score climbed 4 points and we are now 20 points higher than our closest competitor. Middle and large commercial is benefiting tremendously from the combination of deep industry specialization and product breadth, leading to new business growth and improving loss and retention ratios. We are confident that our data science, pricing segmentation and claims execution will continue to support underwriting discipline. In global specialty, results are outstanding. Underwriting margins have improved materially over the last three years. Execution has never been stronger and the enhanced underwriting expertise we bring to the market is strengthening our competitive position and driving market share gains. In personal lines, we continue to take pricing actions as higher inflation impacts results. As Doug will describe, we continue to file for increasing rate changes across our book to restore profitability. Overall, I am confident we have the right strategy and execution in personal lines. Turning to group benefits. In the quarter, core earnings were $117 million, with a margin of 7.2% reflecting lower excess mortality and strong disability results. Long-term disability trends are stable and within our expectations for incidence rates and recoveries. Modestly higher expenses reflect increased investments in capabilities, including digital, claims automation and administrative platforms. Fully insured ongoing premiums were up 6% compared with the third quarter of 2021, driven by an increase in exposure on existing accounts, as well as strong persistency in sales. Fully insured ongoing sales were $106 million in the quarter, up 29%, with increases in both group disability and group life. In many ways, the fundamentals of the group benefits business are stronger than prior to the pandemic. Product awareness is greater as both employers and employees are highly engaged on benefit offerings, with growing demand for supplemental products. This is an opportunity for us to deliver higher value and create a differentiated experience for our customers. And lastly, investment results were healthy in the quarter and are beginning to reflect the rising rate environment, which will earn in more meaningfully in 2023. Taking a step back, I want to touch upon some overarching themes. First, the impact of inflationary pressures and changing weather patterns on pricing and loss costs. Second, the positive impacts of the current interest rate environment. And third, the importance of a healthy and balanced insurance regulatory system that ensures stability and predictability for all. As we have discussed over the last several quarters across the industry, carriers are dealing with elevated inflation related to goods, services and most components used in manufacturing. These inflationary pressures are likely to remain as the Fed continues to tighten monetary policy and despite some early signs of reduced demand and economic output. At the same time, changing weather patterns continue to drive increased frequency of events and associated claims severity. While there is no silver bullet to fix this problem, ongoing efforts to build more resilient homes, communities and commercial properties needs to be an ongoing focus of policymakers, insurers, agents and carriers. Taken together, these trends point to the need to maintain underwriting discipline and ensure pricing keeps pace with loss trends and reserving assumptions. As long as these trends continue, rates will need to rise and in some cases, will reaccelerate pricing increases over the near to medium term. The Hartford is committed to maintaining price discipline, and we have clearly communicated to all our underwriters the need to expand or maintain margins ex workers' comp, while prudently growing our book of business. Because interest rates are expected to remain elevated, we anticipate our portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships, will increase by approximately 50 basis points to 60 basis points in 2023 compared to full year 2022, which will benefit earnings. Finally, on the regulatory front, our state-based system of insurance regulation has generally served customers and the industry well, although at times, has experienced instability in certain jurisdictions and across certain product lines. At its core, the mission of insurance regulation is to protect consumers while ensuring a stable market, one that fosters market competition and safeguard's carrier solvency. Balancing these two aspects of the regulatory mission is critical to ensuring widely available and affordable insurance. Recently, we have seen instances where regulation has become politicized creating instability in the market and upsetting the balance of the regulatory system is designed to achieve. Recall on policymakers to respect the insurance regulatory framework, take the necessary steps to address rising legal system abuse, rate inadequacy and persistent underinsured exposures while working with the industry to support a well-functioning marketplace where insurers get the coverage they need and carriers secure an appropriate return for the risk they undertake. As a company, whose purpose is to underwrite human achievement, The Hartford stands ready to engage on these issues actively and constructively. Before I close, last month, we announced the retirement of Doug Elliott as The Hartford's President at the end of the year. Beth and I have worked together with Doug and the entire Hartford team over the past decade to transform The Hartford and build the foundation for our company's future success. Doug was instrumental in expanding our product -- suite of products, developing industry-specific verticals within our Property & Casualty business, overseeing the integration of the Navigators Group and elevating our underwriting excellence. Thanks to Doug's strong leadership, The Hartford is well positioned for profitable growth in the years ahead as we build on the momentum created to best serve all of our agents and brokers and customers. I want to thank Doug for his many contributions to our company. Thank you, Doug. Doug leaves us many gifts, including a seasoned group of executives who are going to continue our high-level performance. I have tremendous confidence in the talents, skills and focus of this leadership team. In closing, let me leave you with some concluding thoughts. These results demonstrate our strategy and the investments we have made in our businesses have established The Hartford as a proven and consistent performer. We have outstanding execution capabilities and exceptional talent that drives my confidence in our ability to continue to produce superior returns. We are managing the investment portfolio prudently and all holdings are well balanced across diversified asset classes. And we are proactively managing our excess capital to be accretive for shareholders. All these factors underpin my confidence that we will continue to meet or exceed our core earnings ROE objectives. Now I'll turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were $471 million or $1.44 per diluted share with a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 14.3%. Before reviewing the results by segment, I will cover the impacts in the quarter of catastrophes and specifically, Hurricane Ian. We recognized catastrophe losses of $293 million with Hurricane Ian losses of $214 million. In Commercial Lines, Ian losses were $133 million, including $35 million in Global Re. In Personal Lines, losses were $81 million, of which about 72% were auto losses, which reflects our market share in the regions impacted as well as a higher average loss per claim due in part to inflationary pressures. Moving on to segment results. In Commercial Lines, core earnings were $363 million and written premium growth was 10%, reflecting written pricing increases and exposure growth along with an increase in new business in Small and Middle and Large Commercial as well as increased policy count retention in Small Commercial. The underlying combined ratio of 89.3 was up 2.1 points from the prior year third quarter, primarily due to several non-catastrophe property losses. In Personal Lines, core loss of $28 million and the underlying combined ratio was 95.9, reflecting continued increased severity in both auto and homeowners partially offset by earned pricing increases and a lower expense ratio in both lines. P&C prior accident year reserve development was a net favorable $53 million with workers' compensation being the largest contributor. Turning to Group Benefits. Core earnings of $117 million and a 7.2% core earnings margin reflects a lower level of excess mortality losses and growth in fully insured premiums. The disability loss ratio was flat to the prior year quarter, reflecting lower COVID-19-related short-term disability losses. And in long-term disability, higher estimates of claim recoveries were more than offset by less favorable incidence trends compared to the prior year quarter, but in line with our expectations. All cost excess mortality was $26 million before tax compared to $212 million in the prior year quarter. The $26 million included $14 million with days of loss in the third quarter and $12 million of losses related to prior quarters. Turning to Hartford Funds. Core earnings were $47 million, reflecting lower daily average AUM, which decreased primarily due to equity market declines and higher interest rates. Net investment income was $487 million. The annualized limited partnership return was 6.3% in the quarter. We have been very pleased with the performance of LPs in the first 9 months of the year and expect the full year return to be at or above the high end of our 8% to 10% range. The total annualized portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships, was 3.3% before tax, a 30 basis point increase in the second quarter, and we expect another 10 basis points to 20 basis points improvement in the fourth quarter. Investment portfolio credit quality remain strong at average rating of 8 plus. During quarter we recognized minor losses on sales of fixed maturities as weve reduced portfolio duration and modestly reduce risk and portfolio. So while interest rates and capital markets may remain volatile, we are confident that our high-quality and well-diversified portfolio will continue to support our financial goals and objectives. During the quarter, we repurchased 5.4 million shares for $350 million. As of September 30, we have $3.1 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization. We were also pleased to announce a 10% increase in our common quarterly dividend payable on January 4. This is the 10th increase in the dividend in the last decade and another proof point of the consistent capital generation of the company. In summary, we had strong performance in the first 9 months of the year and believe we are well positioned to continue to deliver on our targeted returns. I will now turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thanks, Beth, and good morning, everyone. Across our Property & Casualty business, we continue to be well positioned to sustain industry-leading financial performance. The strength of our broad product portfolio and underwriting execution are evident in our excellent year-to-date top line growth of 9% and sub-90 underlying combined ratio. In addition, the relative size of our Ian loss is further proof of that underwriting discipline. In Commercial Lines, we achieved double-digit written premium growth for the sixth consecutive quarter, and underlying results remain strong even with some volatility in our non-CAT, non-weather property results. Diving deeper into third quarter growth, U.S. standard Commercial Lines written pricing, excluding workers' compensation, was up about 0.5 point to 6.7%. Pricing increases in auto and property correspond with comparable inflationary increases. And in the coming months, we may see further improved pricing in these lines. Workers' compensation pricing remained positive, benefiting from wage rate growth. Within Global Specialty, rate for the quarter of 3.2% was down about 2 points from the second quarter driven primarily by excess public D&O. For most of Global Specialty lines, pricing was in the mid to high single digits and in the aggregate ahead of loss trends with very strong accident year results. As Chris highlighted, in total for Commercial, excluding workers' compensation, renewal written pricing is still about 100 basis points above long-term loss trends. In addition to positive pricing, Commercial Lines top line growth benefited from strong new business in Small Commercial and Middle Market, up 15% and 8%, respectively. Our industry-leading products and digital capabalities when its Small Commercial continue to drive excellent growth. As evidence by a terrific $190 million new business quarter. Retention moments strong across markets and continue written premium momentum from customer payroll growth was another bright spot.  Within Small Commercial at certain evidence of our broadened appetite, we're particularly proud the capabilities we're building in the excess and surplus line space. By the end of this year, written premiums will likely exceed $100 million. Going forward, we expect to become a leading destination for binding opportunities, a strong complement to our existing retail offering. In addition, we're leveraging Small Commercial's underwriting and digital expertise to capture a lower complexity business in both Middle Market and Global Specialty and expect to take advantage of the growing technological developments implemented by our top brokers. Turning to the loss ratio. Results were largely in line with our range of expectations. In property coming off a favorable third quarter of 2021, fire loss frequency was a bit elevated in the quarter. With respect to workers' compensation, indemnity severity remains in line with wage rate growth and actual medical severity trends are well within our long-term assumption of 5%. Our liability lines continue to perform consistent with our expectations, and we are dialed in on social and economic inflation trends. Closing out the commercial discussion, I'm really pleased with the results we posted this quarter. Small Commercial continues to deliver superior operating results. Global Specialties underwriting -- underlying margins improved 2.4 points from a year ago to a strong 84.5 and Middle/Large Commercial delivered a solid 93.7. We move into the fourth quarter from a position of financial strength, both in terms of accident year performance and balance sheet adequacy. Let's switch gears and move to Personal Lines. Our third quarter underlying combined ratio of 95.9 reflects continued auto physical damage severity pressure driven by elevated repair costs related to supply chain and higher labor rates. In response to those loss trends, we have been increasing pricing since the fourth quarter of last year to ensure rate adequacy and overall profitability. Auto rate filings have averaged mid-single digits through the first 9 months of this year with renewal pricing of 5% in the quarter, up 1 point from second quarter. Filed rates will move to double digits during the fourth quarter, and we expect mid-teens for the first half of 2023. In home, overall loss results were in line with our expectations. Non-CAT weather frequency continues to run favorable to long-term averages, mitigating material and labor costs, which remain at historically high levels. We continue taking written pricing actions with home at nearly 12% for the quarter. Turning to production. Written premium grew 5% for the quarter, largely reflecting pricing increases from both auto and home. Auto policies in force were flat to the third quarter of 2021 and up 1% from this year's 2Q. We will be prudent with growth, balancing rate adequacy, quality of new business and marketing productivity. Before I close, let me share with you a few thoughts about our recent participation in the Annual CIAB conference. Common feedback centered on the complementary strategies across our businesses, strong cross-sell execution and excellent risk collaboration. Our position and engagement with the top brokers has never been stronger, and there are many exciting initiatives underway as our teams pursue deeper penetration with these partners. In closing, I remain bullish about the future of our Property & Casualty business. As I shared with you last quarter, my confidence comes from our broadened and responsive product portfolio, the enhanced underwriting and data analytic capabilities we've built and our state-of-the-art technology and digital tools. As I leave the organization at the end of this year, I could not be prouder of the nearly 12 years I've spent here at The Hartford. I am confident my teammates are well prepared to successfully tackle the challenges ahead while delivering consistent, industry-leading profitable growth. I look forward to watching their success in the coming years. Let me now turn the call back to Susan.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Doug. Operator, we are ready to take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs. Alex, your line is open.
Alex Scott: First one I had is on the Commercial underlying loss ratio. Just on the year-over-year comparison, I think even adjusting for some of the non-CAT items that you mentioned, it didn't improve all that much. I think it even deteriorated a touch. And I just wanted to see if you could unpack what some of the drivers are. I think there was some mention of workers' comp in the 10-Q is at least a partial driver. So I was just looking to see if you could add some color around how we should think through the year-over-year comparisons there.
Beth Costello: Thanks, Alex. I'll start, and I'll let Doug provide some additional cover. So first, I just -- Doug said this in his comments, and I think it's always important when we start a conversation on Small Commercial is by any measure, I think their results are outstanding. As Doug discussed, we did see some impact from property losses, non-CAT, non-weather-related that obviously impacted the compare year-over-year. But when we look at year-to-date where we are compared to what we saw at the beginning of the year, we are right in line. As it relates specifically to the workers' compensation point, again, if you go back to what we were expecting from the beginning of the year, we're very much right in line. We did not make any changes in the quarter as it relates to workers' comp in our loss picks from where we've been from the beginning of this year. And we had said at the beginning of this year that in this line, we expected a small amount of compression in workers' comp, and that's exactly what we've been booking to. And when I say small, less than 0.5 point. Part of the compare to last third quarter and why that was called out was in the last year's third quarter, we had some true-ups in the quarter related to just some favorable frequency and rate coming in a bit higher than we had anticipated. So it's really more about last third quarter, this year and what we're producing overall completely in line with what our expectations were and no changes.
Alex Scott: And maybe just a more broad question with my second. I think we've heard a couple of your peers discuss standard lines becoming a bit more competitive. And I think another was commenting on casualty pricing needing to reaccelerate and sort of highlighting the economic exposure potentially beginning to decline and being less of a tailwind. Could you frame for us the way you're thinking about the competitive environment and pricing and what you see needing to happen on the Casualty & Property side from here.
Doug Elliot: Alex, I would start by saying that we look at overall performance, and we feel very positive about what we produce for 9 months and look at our position in the quarter and just very pleased about that performance level. Now given the challenges that we all face, as I commented in my script, we are very conscious of both social and economic pressure inside our loss trends and are watching them carefully across all our lines, across all our segments. The other thing I would say is we're coming off a significant natural peril disaster in the southeast part of this country. So we expect that the property market will go through some changes in the coming quarters starting very shortly. So we're in market with our CAT reinsurance program that renews 1/1. Our folks have been in Bermuda all week and expect over the next several weeks that we will talk about that structure. I do not expect anything material to change relative to our reinsurance structure. But I think between property and social and economic changes, it's a really critical time that you stay on top of your trends, and we're trying to do exactly that here at The Hartford.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Elyse, your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: I wanted to go back to the Commercial discussion, right? So you guys just a bit above the full year guidance year-to-date. I know there's moving pieces. And when I say a bit, right, it's 10 basis points. Just given that Q4, I think, seasonally does tend to run better than some of the other quarters, would you expect them to be within that guided range for the full year?
Doug Elliot: Elyse, we do. So we're expecting to hit guidance. You're right, there is seasonality in our book of business, and so we're mindful of that. But based on what we see today and the early start with October -- very early start of October, we expect to be in that range.
Elyse Greenspan: And then my second question is on the Group Benefits business. Chris, I think you mentioned some higher expenses there. But if I look at the core margin, excluding COVID, that was nearly 9% in the quarter versus the 6% to 7% target. And you mentioned long-term disability trends are stable. So if we think about the run rate of that group benefits business ex COVID, do you think you guys could exceed that 6% to 7% target margin?
Chris Swift: Elyse, you're focused on forward guidance, and we've obviously talked about what we think we could do. But I would just share with you, yes, we feel good with the overall performance of all our businesses really through the first 9 months. And that's why I sort of called that out. Investment results have been very favorable across our portfolios, particularly with the strong LP contributions, but rates are rising. So we still like our long-term view of 6 to 7 on sort of a normalized basis if you're going to look at it that way. But we'll always continue to try to outperform and exceed expectations. But I still would have you anchor in that 6% to 7% range.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. David, your line is now open.
David Motemaden: Chris and Doug, you both mentioned that you have approximately 100 basis points of spread between renewal written pricing and loss trends, if we exclude workers' comp. Just wondering what that is if we include workers' comp given how big that is within the Commercial Lines business.
Chris Swift: I'll just reinforce what Beth said, David, is that going into the year, our pricing plan compared to what we thought loss trend was, was going to have a modest negative effect, probably to 0.5 point on sort of combined ratios. I think through the first 9 months, we're outperforming that 0.5 point negative pressure. But that's the way I would frame it. And Doug, I don't know if you would add anything else. But I'd like to just have you think of -- comps in its own different sort of spear as far as historical performance, the regulatory oversight in that line, David, and that's why we just talk about an ex comp spread.
Doug Elliot: David, I would just add that even inclusive of comp, our total commercial spread is still about the same. So the calculus is plus or minus 100 points. And yes, to Chris' point, comp continues to perform for us across our markets.
David Motemaden: And then also follow-up for Beth. Beth, you had said that there were some true-ups in the third quarter of 2021 related to favorable frequency and rate coming in a bit better than you had anticipated. I was wondering if you could just size the favorable impact that, that had on the third quarter of 2021 in Commercial Lines?
Beth Costello: Yes. So I guess the way I would characterize it is that when you look at the delta between last third quarter and this third quarter for Small Commercial, that delta and workers' comp was probably a bit over 1 point. And again, that really is coming from the favorability we saw last third quarter. And as I said, we were sort of anticipating when we set our loss picks for the year that we see, like I said, about 0.5 point deterioration. So I think that helps size a little bit of just kind of the delta and what we're seeing.
Chris Swift: And the remainder then would be property.
Beth Costello: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. Brian, your line is open.
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions here for you. First, I want to drill in a little bit on the Middle and Large Commercial Lines underlying combined ratios here. If we take a look at year-to-date, they're flat in the last couple of quarters has been up year-over-year. Just curious what's kind of surprised you relative to what you were kind of expecting coming into 2022? And what are you doing potentially to address some of those surprises you're seeing in that market or that line?
Doug Elliot: Brian, this is Doug. The only real aberration through either 9 months and also in the quarter is our non-CAT, non-weather property volatility. So I look at the rest of the lines, I look at our performance, essentially right on target. So that little volatility in the quarter is the only thing we're looking at year-to-date against our expectations.
Brian Meredith: Would inflation may be a little bit higher than you expected on some of the property stuff, is that potentially it?
Doug Elliot: I mean there's a little inflation as -- we've talked about inflation, but our pricing has been at or right on expectations as well. So I think we're matching what we're seeing on the economic loss trend side with our performance on the pricing end. So I feel good about that.
Brian Meredith: And then within your Global Specialty business, I'm just curious, do you all have the capacity or the, call it, the desire to potentially take advantage of what could be a much better pricing environment for CAT-exposed property business. And what's your appetite for that?
Doug Elliot: I don't think you're going to see us in the next 6 months, become a major CAT writer, right? We don't have that as an ambition. But our growing ambition over the past decade has been to be a stronger, more thoughtful, deeper, bigger property writer, and that goal remains and we're doing it selectively. So in our Middle and Large Commercial business, we've got a large property segment. We've got a growing property book in our core middle book. And then we also have a really neat specialty business -- property business in our Global Specialty. So I look at property across the franchise. And I think that on the optimistic side, you will see that grow over time, but I don't think we're going to step right in and try to take advantage of a timing moment right now with CAT property.
Chris Swift: Brian, that's been one of our strategic themes, it's Doug, and I've talked about for years is just to have a broader property skill set in all our business segments, whether it be Small, Middle, Large, E&S and Specialty. And then the only color I would add on our reinsurance operations is it's a global property and casualty focused reinsurer that has some specialty orientation also to it, writes about $500 million of total premiums. Doug, I would say its profitability and execution has been outstanding in the last couple of years. It did obviously suffer some Ian impacts this quarter that we called out. But generally, it's a nice specialty orientation in that Global Specialty area.
Doug Elliot: Yes. Very disciplined, very thoughtful and maybe some selective opportunity here that in Global Re, Brian, they will take advantage of. I was more referring to the primary space, but it's been a strong complement to our property capabilities and our thought process. So I think it will be opportunistic. We'll be thoughtful about what we do relative to CAT peril.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Peters of Raymond James.
Greg Peters: I guess for my first question, I'll focus in on the expense ratio. And obviously, there's a broader expense ratio across the entire enterprise. But I was looking at the Commercial Lines expense ratio, I think it's on Slide 7. And for -- it was 31.5 versus 31.8 a year ago. And I know you've been working on initiatives to improve it. So I guess with the growth that we're seeing, I guess I'm kind of surprised we're not getting a little bit more improvement. So maybe you can unpack what's going on with the expense ratio and where the improvements are coming from? And the good guys and bad guys, I guess, in the expense ratio.
Chris Swift: Brian, let me leave context and then Doug and Beth can add their capabilities. As Beth said in our prepared remarks, and you can see in our deck, I'm really pleased with the execution of our Hartford next program over a multiyear. That program and the savings that it generated is allowing us to think differently about investing going forward. And we've maintained sort of our view that we still want to build the organization in certain capabilities areas, whether it be digital, whether it be APIs. So we still are investing in the organization at a healthy, healthy clip. That is sort of muting the underlying efficiencies that we're gaining. I would call out the investments we're going to continue to make sort of in our cloud journey as a big initiative over a multiyear period of time. We got the large initiatives in Global Specialty over the next couple of years from a data science side. And then lastly, from a Group Benefit side, we are going to develop a new administration system with an outside service provider to modernize that 40-year-old tech stack. So I think you know we're builders, we're growers and that's part of why you're seeing maybe less benefit on the expense ratios as you sit here today. But Beth, what would you add?
Beth Costello: Yes. I would agree with those comments, I think specifically as it relates to third quarter I believe in the third quarter of last year, we had a little bit of a release in bad debt. So that made last year's number maybe 30 basis points better. So that obviously affects that compare a little bit. And then also, we also look at our commission ratio has ticked up just a small amount as well, which, again, some of that reflective of just the strong profitability in the book and how that comes through in some of the supplemental comps. So those, I think, help to explain why maybe you wouldn't see more of a benefit just quarter-over-quarter.
Greg Peters: I'm going to pivot, and I know you spent time talking about this in your prepared remarks, but on the Personal Line side, you look at the rate increase trend, it's all moving up. I recall travelers comments on their call where they were talking about mid-teens type of rate increases for their book of business next year. And I know you have a specialty auto book, but maybe you could spend a little bit more time just telling us how you see the rate trend moving over the next several quarters in the context of all the inflationary pressures we're reading about?
Doug Elliot: Sure, Greg. So maybe I'll build on what I shared in my script. Again, fourth quarter, as I said, we expect that change of five to move our rates move up into the 10 category and then move into mid-teens. Our expectations in the second half of the year that our phys dam loss trend would abate a bit did not come to pass. So the world we see today and the trends we're experiencing at this moment, we're expecting those to continue into 2023, which are driving our assumptions inside our rate plan activity. We described the first half of '23, an active rate process for us. And I think mid-teens will allow us to get on top of those trends. And I expect as we move through the first quarter into the second quarter, we'll be at very adequate terms for our book of business. Keeping in mind that as we introduce prevail into the marketplace, which is a 6-month policy, we still have lots of policies out there that are 12 months in our old Hartford auto and home product is a 12-month product. So there is a mix that will head towards 6 month the quicker we work our way through Prevail. But at the moment, we still have a lot of 12-month policies there.
Chris Swift: Greg, it's Chris. You characterized your question as a specialty auto carrier. I would push back on that. I mean we consider it a preferred segment through our AARP relationship over 30-plus years. So maybe you're just -- you've confused the thoughts in your head, but it's not a specialty-orientated auto book. It is a preferred class of customers, at least in my mind.
Greg Peters: Wrong -- poor word choice, but on congratulations on your retirement, Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse. Andrew, your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman: Reading through the press release, you talked about a decrease in new specialty business. Could you share a little color on what lines you were pulling back on and perhaps what lines you were seeing some strength in new business growth?
Doug Elliot: Andrew, our comments relate to competition in the specialty space primarily in the Professional Lines area. So our lines area has -- as I commented, seen depressed pricing. In fact, our pricing went negative in the second quarter -- I'm sorry, the third quarter for D&O. But it's an area that has gone through significant profit opportunity. And now as the lines are very adequate for us and probably many others in the industry, a lot of competition has gathered. So we see that competition. We are not going to chase for pricing. We're going to keep our discipline. And I attribute the lack of growth compared to prior periods in that Global Specialty space really to competition and us keeping our discipline, which we intend to maintain as we move into 2023.
Andrew Kligerman: So could you see a further decline in sales in new business?
Doug Elliot: So hard to predict, and we always give you our best view of the future when we talk to you on the fourth quarter call. But I think the fourth quarter probably will not be a lot different in behavior than what we saw in the third quarter. It's a little early to talk about '23, I think, at the moment.
Chris Swift: Hopeful, Andrew, maybe there's a little more rationality that comes back into the market in '23, but time will tell.
Andrew Kligerman: And then shifting back to Personal Lines. It was interesting to me that you cited auto physical damage as a real pressure on the loss ratio. But no mention of the medical cost inflation and I think all state had highlighted some pretty severe movements in their reserving for medical on the auto line. So any thoughts on where medical is trending?
Beth Costello: Yes. So included in our loss picks in auto, a component of that is medical. We have seen some uptick and that's reflected in our estimates and has been and we haven't called that out because it hasn't been a significant driver of the changes that we were anticipating for the year, which has really been on the physical damage side because as you recall, we had anticipated to see some relief and inflationary pressures in the second half that have not obviously materialized.
Andrew Kligerman: And maybe if I could just sneak one quick one in there. You wrote some new business, as you cited in the release and the personal auto area. Are you given the rate increases that you need, are you comfortable with that new business that you're putting on the books? Or could that be a little weak in year one?
Doug Elliot: Andrew, good question. We are spending a lot of time on the quality of the new business we're writing in Personal Lines. And I think our team to date still feels very solid about the quality, but we are moving on the pricing side, and we'll continue to move. And it's one of the reasons that we have slowed the prevail rollout. Still moving forward, but slow slightly to make sure that our rate adequacies as we introduce the new product into market are where they need to be, given our view of current trends. And as you know, and as we've discussed, that trend has been moving on us throughout the year. So yes, I'm very confident about where we are today and know that quality is something we've got in our front viewfinder day in, day out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Phillips of Morgan Stanley. Michael, your line is now open.
Michael Phillips: I guess I want to continue with auto for a second. I scratched my head with some auto results of some companies, and I got to put yours in that category. I'm a little confused on something. And then if I look at your auto core results, you've been north of 100% even in the back half of last year. Your pricing back then was low single digit, it's now 5. It's going to get better, that's good. It's going to get better. But I guess what I don't get is, you're averaging north of 100% last year. The question might be just kind of when did you start seeing -- maybe you saw it differently. When did you start seeing the high physical damage, maybe you saw it a little bit later. But despite north of 100% and low single-digit pricing even back then, today, you're taking favorable development. So I'm confused on that and how long that might last.
Doug Elliot: Yes, Michael, we started seeing adverse phys dam pressure to our book and our expectations by late -- mid-to-late summer last year. So our filings ramped up in the September time frame, and they have continued to ramp throughout the year. Many of these states are now in the double-dip stage. So we're taking two bites at that apple inside the year. And our expectation for '22 was that we would see some of those physical damage trends contain themselves a bit in the back half of the year, which we have not seen over the third quarter. So as we project forward, our activities will deal with the climate we see today. And as such, our fourth quarter pricing activities are going to be in the 10% range. That is reflective of where we think those rates need to be filed at. And as we continue to '23, as I said, it will go north from there.
Beth Costello: And then the only thing I add is you did mention the favorable prior year development that we saw in the auto line, that was primarily related to 2018 and prior. Just to put context on where we were seeing that benefit.
Michael Phillips: So it was prior to 2021. But I -- is concerned maybe the numbers you were putting up in the back half of last year had some padding for it, despite the fact that as you just said, you even start to see the higher trends last year. But you must have put some in for 2021 accident year.
Beth Costello: Yes, we had increased our views on physical damage in the second half of '21. And again, our expectation was that those were going to start to level off and we start to see some improvement in the back half of this year, which obviously we've not seen, and we've been responding accordingly each quarter as we book the current quarter activity.
Doug Elliot: And Michael, I think it goes without saying, but obviously, that activity quarter-by-quarter now is rolling into our filings. So what we experienced in the fourth quarter became a big part of the first and second quarter filings in the first quarter. So as we think about the experience, we have tried to reflect it in our loss pick calls, but also in our filings as we move ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker of Bank of America. Josh, your line is now open.
Josh Shanker: Looking at the healthy increase in the dividend, I'm just trying to understand the idea about a permanent 10% increase in the dividend versus extra gun powder for share repurchase for the lower increase in the dividend. How are you balancing those two things?
Beth Costello: Yes. Well, I think we've been consistently balancing those things. We do think that it's important for us to maintain a competitive dividend. And I think the dividend really, in my mind, speaks to just the ongoing earnings power as we see of the organization. And as I said, we've been kind of a path of increasing that each year as our earnings continue to increase. I think we've got a very healthy repurchase authorization that allows us to execute on deploying our excess capital. So I feel very good about the balance that we create in both of those items.
Josh Shanker: And then I didn't catch it in the prepared remarks, maybe I missed it, but did you give us a gross loss for Ian so we compare it to the net loss, how much of reinsurance picked up?
Beth Costello: I did not, but I would say that from a reinsurance perspective, it's like $15 million to $16 million of recoverable that we booked within those estimates for Ian loss.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Jefferies. Yaron, your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: Congratulations to Doug on the retirement. I guess first question, just with your plan of really keeping the reinsurance structure unchanged next year. And I realize nothing's really set in stone yet, but assuming you're able to do that and with reinsurance costs probably going up, and I think you guys are mostly mid markets, so maybe you see the ability to offset that through price lag a little bit. I guess all this said, is it reasonable to think that all else equal, margins could see a little bit of a, a little bit of pressure, at least in the early half of next year?
Doug Elliot: I think that's a little bit big step to take right now. Our property pricing moved up in Middle/Large Commercial toward the end of the third quarter. Our underwriters across the franchise on property know they've got to look hard at insured value numbers on all of our accounts. I think they're understanding and looking back at their CAT models given what happened over the last 30 days. So we're moving on the primary side. And our experience certainly from a CAT perspective, reinsurance has been generally very, very solid over the last decade. So it is too early to tell, but I'm not thinking about property compression right now. I'm thinking about it in terms of making sure we get needed rate on our book of business across every line that is writing the property.
Chris Swift: Hi, I think you said it well. To me, Yaron, we'll always think about economics and what does it mean and sort of that risk return trade-off. But as Doug said, our historical performance, our deep partnerships with our reinsurers and the fact that we do have multiyear rate guarantees on different layers. I think immunizes is a little bit from any pressure on rates that we might face. So time will tell, and we'll report back to you early next year.
Yaron Kinar: And then on the D&O competitive pressure commentary, can you maybe add a little more color on where this pressure is coming in more? Is it more in the primary layers? Is it more access? Are you seeing it more from new entrants or incumbents?
Doug Elliot: Well, I would share. Our book is approximately 80% excess in the U.S. D&O space. So I can comment on what we're seeing there, which is where the pressure we're seeing -- we're also seeing it on the primary side, but our book is primarily excess. So I'd start with that. There have been a series of new entrants over the past 24 months. As we all have talked about, the IPO market has slowed and the SPAC market has slowed as well. So the new, new opportunities in the marketplace are not where they were one and two years ago. So lack of upside opportunity and very solid, strong rate adequacies has led to quite a bit of competition, which I think is fueling inside this book and on us, it's hitting primarily in our excess area.
Yaron Kinar: I understand that you're mostly excess, but ultimately, if the primary layer is coming in at a lower price, it also reflects on the excess price, I think. So I guess, is more of the pressure coming from the primary layer coming in? Or is it more from the excess layer pricing diminishing?
Doug Elliot: I think there's pricing pressure up the tower. There is some pressure in the primary, but I'm really speaking to primarily excess where we've seen quite a bit of new capacity come in. Easier to come in, in the excess area, and that's what we're experiencing that pressure today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ward of Citi. Michael, your line is now open.
Michael Ward: I was just wondering, you cited volume-related staffing costs for commercial. Just curious, is that related to workers' comp claims? Or I guess, what does that pertain to? I think we had heard about this in group in the past, but not necessarily for P&C.
Beth Costello: Yes. I would call that more on the production side, not on the claims side. So again, as you can see from our very healthy top line from a dollars perspective, we also just see some more costs relative to that production, just which reflects that volume, but not claims related.
Michael Ward: Okay. The rest of my questions were asked.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Jimmy, your line is now open.
Jimmy Bhullar: So first, I just had a question on the development in the Commercial side. I think you mentioned adverse development in commercial auto. If you could just go into detail on what years are related to and what the driver was?
Beth Costello: Yes. So in Commercial Lines, auto really relates to accident years 2017 to 2019. And specifically, we had one claim that had an adverse verdict during the quarter that we reacted to.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on personal auto, obviously, you're raising prices, it will take a while to flow through your results given your 12-month policies. Do you have any views on states that are not allowing price hikes right now like California and whether the companies are making some sort of headway in convincing regulators to approve price hikes?
Chris Swift: Yes, Jimmy, I'm not going to comment on the regulatory environment because it's pretty dynamic in various parts of the country, and you mentioned one particular state. So we pride ourselves on working with all our regulators in a constructive fashion and hopefully, that can continue in some of these problematic areas.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A for today. I will hand back to Susan Spivak for any further remarks.
Susan Spivak: Thank you all for joining us today. And as always, please reach out with any additional questions. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-29 14:01:06) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, thank you for attending todays The Hartford Second Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Laquita . I will be your moderator for today's call. All lines will be muted during the presentation portion of the call, with an opportunity for questions-and-answers at the end.  I would now like to pass the conference over to your host, Susan Spivak, with The Hartford Group. Susan, please go ahead.
Susan Spivak: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on second quarter 2022 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all of the earnings related materials on our website. For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; and Doug Elliot, President. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplements. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartfords prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartfords website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thank you for joining us this morning. We are pleased to report another quarter of strong performance which demonstrates that our strategy and investments we have made in our businesses have established The Hartford as a proven and consistent performer. Core earnings for the quarter were $714 million or $2.15 per diluted share. Book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, was $52.12, and our 12-month core earnings ROE was an outstanding 14%. During the quarter, we were pleased to return $577 million to shareholders through share repurchases and common dividends. With our outlook for continued strong financial performance and capital generation the board has authorized a new share repurchase program of $3 billion effective August 1, 2022 through year end 2024. Together our strategy, superior execution and prudent Capital Management demonstrate the Hartford's commitment to long term value creation through sustained profitable growth, continued investment in our businesses in return of excess capital to shareholders. We are producing excellent results in a very dynamic macroeconomic environment as we look forward to the second half of 2022. While there are some mixed economic signals, combined with geopolitical tensions, and fed policy uncertainty, the Hartford's continues to be well positioned to manage margins and returns successfully. As we all know, within the U.S., we are experiencing historic levels of inflation, which has resulted in accelerated monetary policy tightening. These conditions appear to be pushing the U.S. economy into a lower growth environment, or possibly a mild recession. However, this is occurring against the unique backdrop of low unemployment in strong corporate and consumer balance sheets. These conditions are very different from those that existed during 2008 when the recession was driven by credit imbalances across the economy, high unemployment, and heavily leveraged balance sheets. Hartford is also a very different company today. We have well performing businesses; enhanced capabilities, a diversified portfolio of P&C and Group Benefit products, and a stronger balance sheet, including a high quality investment portfolio. All of our businesses are competing effectively in their target markets with unique value propositions, anchored by the Hartford's brand and reputation. We have invested in new capabilities to deliver an exceptional customer experience while ensuring appropriate rigor in the management of claim outcomes, including the extensive use of data science and artificial intelligence. For our two largest and strongest performing lines, workers comp and disability, these enhanced capabilities have led to improve profitability over the years and give us confidence that even during an economic slowdown, we are well positioned to minimize the impact on Lost costs. Now, I'd like to share some highlights from each of our businesses, which illustrate how our strategy translates into consistent and sustainable financial performance. Overall, Commercial lines outperform with double digit top line growth and expanding margins in the quarter. There has been much commentary about written renewal rates versus loss costs trends and the impact of inflation. We have been disciplined and prudent in establishing loss picks for 2022. Our assumptions reflect loss trends in the aggregate of approximately 5%, excluding workers compensation, reflecting our overall business mix, which skews towards small business and middle market risks. Therefore, we have approximately 100 basis points of spread between written renewal pricing and loss trends. Stepping back, I am incredibly proud of what we've accomplished in small Commercial. Over the past decade, we have built a track record of consistent superior performance with underlying combined ratios below 90 as we grew the business to over 4 billion in annual premium. Our momentum in the marketplace is evident, with several consecutive quarters of record new business. The speed and accuracy and consistency we deliver to the market along with leading digital capabilities continue to outpace competitors. We are transforming our middle and large Commercial business into a specialized organization with broad product offerings and deep underwriting skills across industry verticals, which is driving growth, strong profit margins, and more consistent results. Our execution around data science, pricing segmentation in engineering has dramatically improved, which will help drive continued underwriting discipline, a more competitive lines of business, including workers compensation. In global specialty, results are outstanding, as we continue to maximize our expertise to gain market share. Our teamwork and cross selling activities have been phenomenal and continue to strengthen the franchise. Underwriting margins have improved materially over the last three years evidenced by our 85.5% underlying combined ratio through six months in 2022. These advantages are only getting stronger, as the market recognizes our product breadth, efficiency, and ease of doing business as key differentiators. In personal lines, the rollout of the new platform prevail platform continues and is beginning to show positive traction. However, higher inflation is impacting auto results and will require additional pricing actions. Doug and Beth will talk more about that shortly. But overall, from a strategic perspective, I am pleased with the progress we are making in personal lines. Turning to Group Benefits, core earnings were $161 million, with a margin of 9.8% reflecting a rapid recovery mortality in solid disability results. Long Term Disability trends are stable in within our expectations for incident rates and recoveries. On the top line, fully insured on-going premium was up 7% but in funding from strong persistency above 90% in sales of $204 million, nearly double the prior year quarter. The excellent sales results are primarily driven by the acquisition of new cases and strong enrollment, which reflects a combination of greater product awareness among employees and new enrollment capabilities we introduced over the last 18 months. We observed that both employers and employees are highly engaged on benefit offerings in light of a pandemic. Businesses are also increasingly focused on offerings that can help them attract and retain talent in a competitive labor market and at the same time struggling with growing complexities of regulation and compliance, including emerging state paid family leave mandates. This is an opportunity for us to demonstrate higher value through our expanded products and services as we continue to grow the business. Before I turn it over to Beth, we'll leave you with some concluding thoughts. I remain confident and excited about the future of The Hartford. Our businesses are performing well and have never been stronger. We are managing the investment portfolio prudently in our holdings are well balanced across a diversified asset classes. We have proven execution capabilities, and exceptional talent that drives my confidence in our ability to continue to produce superior returns in a dynamic macroeconomic environment. And finally, we are proactively managing our excess capital to be a accretive for shareholders. All these factors underpin my confidence of achieving ROEs of 13% to 14% for this year, in 2023. Now I'll turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter of $714 million or $2.15 per diluted share, reflects strong P&C underwriting results and premium growth and Commercial lines and group benefits as well as a reduction in pandemic impacts. In Commercial lines, core earnings were $544 million and reflect higher earned premium, improvement in the underlying combined ratio and lower catastrophe losses in the prior year period. Commercial lines reported 14% written premium growth, reflecting written pricing increases and exposure growth, along with an increase in new business and policy cat retention and small Commercial. The underlying combined ratio of 88.1 improved 1.3 points from the prior second quarter due to a lower loss ratio primarily in global specialty lines and improved expense ratio, partially offset by higher non catastrophe property losses in middle and large Commercial. In Personal Lines, core earnings were $21 million, and the underlying combined ratio was 94.1 reflecting increased auto loss costs. We continue to experience inflationary impacts on auto physical damage. We expected to see some moderation in severity trends and to date that has not been the case. Due to these trends and reduce optimism for improvement in the second half of the year, we expect to be a point or two above the high end of the full year personal lines underlying combined ratio range we guided to in February. To put that into perspective, one point is worth about $23 million or $0.07 per share after tax. Doug will comment upon the actions that we continue to take to get more weight into the book. P&C current accident year catastrophes in the second quarter were $123 million before tax, which is $5 million below the prior your period and well below our expectation for typical second quarter catastrophes. P&C prior accident year reserved development was a net favorable $58 million, with workers compensation being the largest contributor. Turning to group benefits; core earnings of $161 million and the 9.8% core earnings margin reflects a lower level of excess mortality losses and growth in fully insured premiums partially offset by an increase in insurance operating costs and a higher disability loss ratio of 66.3 compared to 64.2 in the 2021 period. This increase is primarily due to a lower risk adjustment benefit recorded in the quarter related to the New York paid family leave program. The long term disability loss ratio in the quarter was in line with prior year reflecting claim recoveries and a stabilization of claim instance. All cost excess mortality in the quarter was a benefit of $5 million before tax compared to $25 million of expense in the prior year quarter. The $5 million reduction included $90 million of excess mortality with days of loss in the second quarter, and $24 million of favorable development from first quarter 2022 claims. Turning to Hartford funds, due to equity market declines and higher interest rates daily average AUM decreased during the quarter to $137 billion, resulting in core earnings of $44 million compared to $50 million in the first quarter of 2022. Our investment portfolio delivered another strong quarter. Net investment income was $541 million benefiting from annualized limited partnership returns of 17.3%. Two Commercial real estate sales totaling $51 million in gains were material contributors to LP returns as was strong results from private equity, which is generally reported on a quarter lag. We've been very pleased with the performance of LPs in the first half of the year. Given the evolving macroeconomic outlook, in combination with a mix of Commercial real estate, private equity, and other Limited Partnership holdings, we anticipate that annualized LP returns in the second half of 2022 could trail our full year annualized target. However, we believe returns in total will be positive in the second half of the year. In the quarter, the total annualized portfolio yield excluding limited partnerships was 3% before tax. With the increase in interest rates and wider credit spreads, the portfolio reinvestment rate was 4.5%, which compares favorably to the average sales and maturity yield of 3.6%. As we have noted previously, net investment income will benefit from higher rates over time, and we would expect ex LP yields to increase 10 to 20 basis points during the second half of the year. Not surprisingly, the portfolio value was also impacted by higher interest rates and wider credit spreads. The unrealized loss position of approximately $300 million pretax at March 31, increased to an unrealized loss of approximately $2.4 billion at June 30. The investment portfolio of credit quality remains strong with an average rating of eight plus with insignificant credit impairments, and a small increase of 5 million to the allowance for credit losses for mortgage loans to reflect a growing book and the current economic outlook. So while interest rates and capital markets may remain volatile, we are confident that our high quality and well diversified portfolio will continue to support our financial goals and objectives. The confidence we have in our business's ability to generate free cash flow is also evidenced by our capital management actions. As Chris mentioned, yesterday, the board approved a new share repurchase authorization of $3 billion effective August 1 2022 through December 31 2024. This authorization is in addition to the existing authorization, which as of June 30 had approximately $450 million remaining. Our expectation is to complete the existing authorization this year, with the vast majority of the new authorization to be utilized in 2023 and 2024, subject to market conditions. In summary, we have had strong performance in the first six months of the year and believe we are well positioned to continue to deliver on our targeted returns. I will now turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thanks, Beth and good morning. The strength of the Hartford's property and casualty business was once again evident in the second quarter. Despite inflationary pressures and lower GDP, our broad product portfolio and specialized underwriting expertise positively impacted the quarter's financial results. Those two factors combined with our distribution, footprint and deep talent base position us well to maintain strong performance going forward. In Commercial lines, we achieved double digit written premium growth for the fifth consecutive quarter. Underwriting results were excellent with underlying margin improvement in small Commercial and global specially. Diving deeper into growth, Commercial Lines pricing was fairly consistent with expectations. Written pricing excluding workers compensation was 6.1% about a point lower than first quarter, but continuing to exceed last cost trends across most products. Workers Compensation pricing remain positive but declined slightly. Global specialty pricing markets were more competitive with written price at 5.5% off about two and a half points compared to quarter one. However, pricing in our wholesale book actually ticked up remaining in the high single digits. Notable contributions to an excellent Commercial top line quarter include strong policy retention across markets, our largest new business quarter ever for small Commercial at 201 million, solid new business levels and middle and global specially despite increasing signs of a more competitive market and strong audit premium from robust customer payroll growth. In total, I'm pleased with our growth profile across these components and confident we will continue our disciplined execution. Turning the lost costs, trends were largely in line with expectations. We continue to watch severity across our book, including social inflation, wage growth, supply chain pressures and commodity pricing. All-in our commercial book posted a very strong quarter in first half of 2022. Our small commercial team recorded an outstanding underlying combined ratio of 86.9 for the quarter. Since the first quarter of 2013, small commercial has achieved a sub 90 underlying combined ratio in every quarter except two, global specialties underlying combined ratio for the quarter was a stellar 83.1 their best results since the acquisition and middle and large commercial delivered a solid 92.9. There certainly has been a fair amount of discussion concerning the impact of future economic conditions on our industry, particularly workers compensation. From a top line perspective the data we watch our employment levels and wage growth, which together determine the payroll base for workers compensation. Shifting to the loss ratio, we're focused on the following key metrics; wage growth, which acts as a form of pricing with indemnity payment offsets, changes in worker tenure, which can impact claim frequency and the impact of inflation on medical severity. With respect to medical severity, we believe our long term view of 5% in both pricing and reserving is sufficient to cover the potential for increased severity above the benign trend we've experienced in the past few years. We are well positioned to address these trends head on. Our workers compensation extra year performance has been excellent over the past several years, and the balance sheet is strong. We have also built sophisticated pricing and risk segmentation tools, and expanded data analytics within the organization to successfully underwrite through different economic cycles. Let's switch gears and move to personal lines. Our second quarter underlying combined ratio of 94.1% reflects auto physical damage pressure driven by supply chain related inflation, elevated used car prices and wage increases. In the second quarter, these auto severity trends ran higher than we initially anticipated. Combined with normal seasonality in our book, the second quarter auto accident year loss ratio increased 5.7 points from the first quarter this year. The physical damage increase was two and a half points with the remaining delta normal seasonality. As Beth noted, we expect the continuation of inflation pressure in the back half of 2022 and have moved our original guidance up accordingly. We are pleased that our pricing actions initiated over the past few quarters are starting to take hold. Auto written premium price increases recorded in the quarter eclipsed 4%. Rate actions taken across 39 states in the first half of the year average 5.7%. In Home, overall loss costs were in line with both the first quarter and our expectations. Non-cat weather frequency, although higher than the prior year, continues to run favorable to long term averages, offsetting elevated large bar losses and material and labor costs which remain at historically high levels. We are also taken pricing actions in home with written pricing at 9% for the quarter. Given all these factors, I've remained pleased with both our year-to-date current accident year home loss ratio of 63.3% and combined ratio of 94.2%. Turning to Production, written premium growth was nearly flat with steady retention and new business growth of 5.6% in the quarter. We're seeing a significant increase in responses driven by our digital marketing programs, and increased consumer shopping in the 50 plus age cohort. With that said, I would characterize our personalized growth attitude as cautiously optimistic based on the current risk profile of the segment and the opportunities available in the market. Prevail is currently available in 16 states including launches of Florida in January, Texas in April and three more states this month. We have also launched expanded self service capabilities demonstrating our digital customer commitment in the space. Year-to-date prevail new business premium was 36 million with conversion rates at expectations, and we continue to be pleased with the quality of our new business. In addition, our redesigned telematic offering is available in 16 states and will be launched in additional states as Prevail rolls out. Our initial results, including consumer interest, online adoption and enrollment are all trending ahead of expectations. Summarizing this farm results for property and casualty, our commercial lines business maintain a double digit growth rate with exceptional operating margins and in personal lines, while auto severity is pressuring loss ratios, pricing actions are getting stronger and increasing contributions from prevail add to our momentum. As I wrap up my comments today, let me step back and provide a bit of perspective from my operating seat here at The Hartford. Neither we nor our competitors can control the external forces or economic trends that will occur in the future. However, we can control our preparation and our response to various likely or possible scenarios. I firmly believe The Harford has never been better positioned to aggressively take advantage of opportunities, while mitigating the downside risks. My confidence comes from our broadened product portfolio, responsive to solving broker and customer needs. The enhanced underwriting and deep analytic capabilities that deliver competitive advantages and lead to outstanding financial results, strength and technology and digital tools that have improved our competitiveness over the past 10 years. And an investor agenda that is cutting edge and as forward leaning as anything I see in the marketplace. In short, we have transformed the small business marketplace with our innovative and industry leading capabilities. And we are well on our way to achieving the same in middle market space. Global specialty is producing excellent results and will increasingly leverage the competitive tools built within our walls. And finally, Personal Lines is off to a good start with our cloud based product Prevail, which will be pivotal to our future. For these reasons and more, I am bullish about our ability to demonstrate strong execution capabilities in the years ahead. I look forward to our next update in 90 days. Let me now turn the call back to Susan.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Doug. Operator, we're prepared to take questions.
Operator: Absolutely.  The first question comes from a line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on capital, you guys took off the dividends that you expect from the P&C and the group benefits subs for this year. So should those higher expectations represent baseline or perhaps you could even come in above that we think about the dividends that you could take in 2023 and 2024, as we think about additional capital return from here.
Beth Costello: Yes, Elyse I'll take that. We did increase the dividends in P&C and group benefits. Just slightly, I would say the ranges that were providing, I was right, a good basis for thinking about things in the future. And I wouldn't at this point, point to an expectation of increasing will those will comment on you know, 23 and, and beyond when we get there.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, so my second question on pricing, the 6.1% that you guys gave in commercial excluding workers comp. Is that pure rate? Or does that include exposure as it is pure rate? Could you give us the exposure piece as well?
Doug Elliot: Elyse, this is Doug. So the 6.1 is consistent with all our former pricing metrics over the last decade and includes an element of exposure that works against loss trends. So it is not complete exposure. But there's an element we call all other insurance included in that noted in our definition, the supplement. And that's about a point and a half overall.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. You may proceed.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. So the first question, I focus on your top line, and maybe more on the commercial side than the personal line side. But you're generating strong growth. And, there seems to be some concern in the marketplace that, this is as good as it's going to get. And so I thought maybe you could, and you did provide a lot of detail in your comments. But if you could give us a sense of how the market can sustain itself and you continue to generate these substantial growth rates, for the intermediate term. What you're seeing in market in your specific segments that'd be helpful.
Doug Elliot: Sure, Greg. Just a few thoughts to add to what I share to my script. Number one, the new business strength is evident across all our markets, particularly in small, as I noted, our first quarter over $200 million. I think that momentum will continue. And a lot of it is driven by some of the new products we've built over the past couple of years. Secondly, in small, you see that PIF count. So we're growing PIF count, not just a pricing audit premium dynamic. We feel very positive about our PIF count. We've talked to you about cross-sell in the past. So across the franchise we believe we're in a much better shape to handle a more complete set of customer challenges. So I love our complete piece there. And then as we've commented in the past, we are right now in a pretty positive spot relative to audit exposures as it relates to workers' compensation. So we do have some tailwind at us, particularly in middle and large commercial and also small commercial that's providing a little bit extra positive momentum in our growth. Beth, anything you or Chris want to add?
Chris Swift: I would just say Greg, I wouldn't underestimate Doug's point on cross selling, particularly with an expanded set of specialty products into small commercial into middle and large cooperation that we have as a team and really, the knowledge and confidence that our distribution partners are gaining in our broadened capability. So, Doug, I think you used the word bullish, which describes my tone equally, is that what we can continue to do in our in our commercial line space?
Greg Peters: Just a clarification on your answer. I mean, the success in this small commercial is obvious. When I think about in we're not in recession, but when I think about the potential depends on whose view you're talking about. But if we go into a bigger recession, I view that theres more risk on the small commercial side than the larger commercial side. But maybe I've got it sideways. Any comments on that?
Chris Swift: You mean, from a risk of economic slowdown?
Greg Peters: Yes. Which businesses might perform be more challenged in, if there's a slowdown?
Chris Swift: Well, again, I think we saw during the first phase of the pandemic there was a disproportionate amount of slowdown in small business, Doug. Whether we get to ever that point again, Greg, remember, I mean that was such a unique environment where the economy basically shut down. People weren't traveling; they weren't going out to small businesses. They weren't going out to restaurants. They just weren't -- they were hunkered down. So I think that's 1 extreme. And the other extreme is just particularly with inflation, people are going to have to think about disposable income differently and activities that could impact a certain level of small business, Doug, but I wouldn't see anything like what we experienced during the pandemic.
Doug Elliot: Chris, I'd only add that as we watch the indicators, new business starts the health of that, through the middle part of July, looks very strong still. Remind you, Greg, that the Fortune 1000, although an important segment, we are not out balance that direction. So, our portfolio runs across Middle, strong and middle, small, etcetera. And when I think about the labor market, there still seems to be high demand for top labor. So from a comp perspective, I'm still optimistic that as we go through the next several quarters, we will perform our products will be marketed. And I'm holding optimism as I kind of move into Q3.
Greg Peters: Got it? Just a second question I had was just around, Doug you comment about your inflation factors and the assumptions you're using? One of the numbers that you cited was I think it was medical severity, you said 5% compared with what was a benign trend to me, that suggests that there's a degree of caution in your inflation factors that you're using relative to what you're seeing currently. But I don't want to put words in your mouth, and it's clearly an area of focus of the street. So maybe you can add some more color to that. That's my last question.
Doug Elliot: Yes, so maybe just a few thoughts on last chat in general been a lot of discussion about it, and we're spending a lot of time here at the company. I mentioned a long term medical inflation ticker five. We've not moved off that for several years. Yes, we have seen some care of benign medical inflation over the last couple of years but our view is that through the longer period, it's prudent for us to hold those picks. And if you looked at our workers comp triangles, you've seen that we've been very steady, right? This quarter, we had some releases in comp, but really 2018, primarily and behind. So our 19 through 21 years are still holding them, we are watching to make sure that we've got all our calls in a row. I would also say to you that, the aggregate number by company, you've got to look at the mix of business, where we play where others mix by line of business. So we've got strong loss trend picks, and our excess casualty trends, trends that run from 9 to 13 property, commercial auto, so, our books does tend to mix a little smaller than some that we compete with. But I feel like we've got very solid loss trend picks in our across commercial and personal lines where we see something we address it like we did this quarter with personal lines. But, I think we have a prudent process that's been diligent and responsive to what we see in our last triangles. And we're pricing accordingly.
Beth Costello: I would agree. And back to the specific question, again, Greg that you had a medical inflation index is that we just we haven't changed that long term view. So the fact that we're saying 5%, compared to what has been benign in the last several years that's not new, and not reflective of a change and how we think about that trend.
Greg Peters: It's good detail. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from a line of Brian Meredith with UBS. You may proceed.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. Just following up with a little bit, I'm wondering if you could tell us where that 6.1% written premium stands versus kind of what your current trend and expected trend assumptions are. And in that context, you believe that most your book kind of is rate adequate. But particularly when I look at the middle and global specialty business.
Doug Elliot: Yes Brian, I think Chris commented in his earlier remarks that we think we're about 100 basis points on top of our call for loss trend in 2022. So that's where we sit relative to the 6.1. We consistently look at that. You can imagine this is an evolving item. But really, as I commented, our loss picks for the year our loss trends for the year, haven't moved a lot in commercial over the past two quarters. They've moved in personal but we're watchful that and we're particularly careful in terms of the potential recession that may be in front of us, but we'll wait and see and make those calls as conditions change.
Brian Meredith: Yes, I'm sorry, maybe what I meant is that, the 100 basis points or her crew saying, is that better or worse than kind of what you're currently seeing right now. I understand this, what you're pricing for and what you're actually seeing in your book right now.
Doug Elliot: I think that's basically what we're seeing right now. I would call that up a pretty dynamic view as of today. Brian.
Chris Swift: That's the spot view as of June 30 Brian.
Doug Elliot: Yes, it's the written view. So I'll give you a written current view of pricing and a view of the last run. Yes.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Got you. Makes sense. And then just quickly on the personal auto severity. I wonder if you could drill in a little bit more into that, what's going on there. Another company talked about an issue with respect to late paying claims, meaning it's taking a lot longer to actually get claims paid out and that, that's created some issues with respect to inflationary factors affecting your PD part of your auto. Are you seeing similar type of stuff?
Doug Elliot: Well, we certainly have been watchful of courts coming out of the recessionary period, 2020 and 2021. So I would say that it's a high watch area. But in terms of our triangles, I don't think we're seeing any data that is surprising to us. What we are dealing with at the moment is a is dam environment, used car, labor and other issues that has caused us to change our picks. And we've changed them obviously appreciably in the second quarter, and we'll watch what happens in the third quarter, which is why we moved our guidance, Brian.
Chris Swift: But the time to repair, Doug, from a supply chain side is extended. So it means potentially rental cars being rented longer. I don't have the exact number of days in front of me that we've extended out the time to repair a car, Brian, but it is extending.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore. You may proceed.
David Motemaden: Hi, thanks good morning. Just a question on the specialty underlying combined ratio improvement in commercial lines. Could you just talk about how much the 7 point year-over-year improvement was coming from the expense ratio versus the underlying loss ratio? And then maybe just comment if this is a full underlying combined ratio to think about going forward.
Doug Elliott: Yes, David, let me start. I think annually, the 7 point change is roughly 4-ish points of loss and 3 points expense. I thought you were going to ask about the quarter 1 versus 2. I think that in quarter 1, we had some risks relative to Russia-Ukraine that we booked losses for us. So that really does explain the 2022 roll between quarter 2 and quarter 1, but I shared with you the 4 and 3 components of the 7 from last year.
Q - David Motemaden: Got it. And yes, it's definitely lower than where we've seen over the last 5 or 6 quarters. Is that a -- and obviously, there's been rate earning in excess of trend. Is that a level the 83% to kind of think about going forward? Is there anything one-off that's flattering that?
Doug Elliott: I don't feel one-off at the moment. I do feel very pleased about the progress we've made. It's a result of not only aggressive and sustained pricing over the last couple of years, but also underwriting actions. We've been taking underwriting actions throughout our book internationally and domestically. So I'm very pleased about all of that. I do feel like that specialty business should sustain and have significant profit contributions to our company, and we expect that to continue, and we hope to grow that business and become a bigger part of our franchise over time.
Chris Swift: David, I'd remind you that specialty book is almost approaching $3 billion, and it's a diversified book of D&L I would say some surety on London exposures, casualty. So yes, I'm really proud of what the teams worked hard at over the year since we acquired it. And it feels gratifying that from a strategic point of view, it's performing at this high level.
Doug Elliott: David, I'd add just maybe 1 other thought over the last three years. We spent a lot of time on integration and feel good about that progress. We have pivoted over the last six months and are now working harder on data analytics. So the work relative to data science and analytics and how we evolve those pricing models and beat in the marketplace. Those are some of the reasons that I have optimism that we will continue to be an excellent top-tier player in specialty. And so I think our future is bright there, and I really believe we're just getting started.
David Motemaden: Got it. I appreciate that color. And then for my follow-up, so you gave us the approximately 5% loss trend. That was excluding -- What is it -- if you include comp? Just out of curiosity, I know you said 5% for severity, but that doesn't include the frequency on comps. So yes, I guess just what was the -- what is the loss trend that you guys are picking to if I just include workers' comp within Commercial Lines?
Doug Elliott: Yes, David, we don't share that number. But you're right, it would be down slightly. And then that comes to our frequency call on comp, which we don't share externally. But we talked about it, it's been very, very moderate. In fact, over the past couple of years, we've had extended periods of negative frequency. So that's too much data to share with a couple of our competitors, but our book continues to perform. We watch frequency carefully. I think our calls are appropriate, and it's a line that we know well and we'll continue to compete effectively over time.
David Motemaden: Okay. Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Michael Phillips: Thanks, good morning. Similar question on the other segment in commercial lines. The middle and large commercial was the only segment there that had a little bit of it arose in your core loss rate, our core combined ratio and a little bit of uptick sequentially the last few quarters. So I guess is there anything there in the rate or trend dynamics or anything else kind of one-off that would account for that?
Doug Elliott: Yes. Mike, in the quarter, we did have a one-off and had a large property loss and some reinsurance reinstatement associated. So that was the cause a couple of points inside middle just from that one loss. I think those things are episodic. They happen over time in the property space, nothing at this point more than that.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then I guess, back to comp you took favorable development. You guys feel you're very conservative in your current reserves. But I guess we can hone in on 2020, the 2020 accident year for a second. That year still has the highest loss pick of any surrounding years. And a large part of that is because of your IBNR piece. So I guess I'm curious, is there a severity issue you're worried about for those -- for that year, given what's happened during COVID? Or is there something else that makes you a little more concerned or maybe just cautious I don't know the level you've taken development in 2020 accident year, but claim counts are down significantly to 20%, 30% in that year, yet your reserves are still pretty strong. So maybe it's just extra conservatism, but is there anything else that maybe makes you a little cautious on that at there? Thanks.
ChrisSwift: Well, Michael, it's Chris. I appreciate the question, and I'll ask Beth to add her color in a minute. But yes, I think that's been our consistent philosophy of trying to be prudent with reserves and picks and I think we've used the phrase over the years let it season and obviously release any benefits that occur. So I would just say it's a natural process. But particularly during the COVID years, we were very sensitive to any known unknowns or no unknowns depending on how you want to think about it. But yes, Beth, I feel good about the overall balance sheet and particularly the comp line. Don't you?
Beth Costello: Yes, I would agree. And as we look again specifically at the 2020 year, obviously a lot of distortion because of COVID. And so our view is to be cautious. And as Chris said, let those years season a bit before we make any adjustments.
Michael Phillips: Okay. So just to clarify, are you not seeing any higher severity kind of average severity claims that exist in that year? Or is it more of kind of waiting to see that maybe there could be late reported claims or just general cautious?
Chris Swift: I think you characterized it right. It's just -- it is an app pattern year, and we're just being generally cautious until it fully seasons to our judgment.
Michael Phillips: Okay, thank you. That holds.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. You may proceed.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. I was wondering to ask you a little bit on the personal lines side, you are obviously raising rates like most are. Any pushback you're seeing that's different than normal from the regulators in terms of getting rates. We've seen a lot of press suggesting that some states are pushing back.
Doug Elliott: Well, I think that that's a fair comment. I also would say that we are very effective relationships with all of the states. So it's an active process. It's actually been an active process, as you know since the third quarter of last year. I'm encouraged by the momentum. I think as we move through the next two quarters, that momentum will continue to pick up and quite bullish about what we're going to see in the supplement in Q3 and Q4, so encouraged about that. But yes, there are lots of things that we manage our way through state by state, and I think it's just part of the process.
Paul Newsome: And then maybe to beat a dead horse a little bit. Any further thoughts on kind of social inflation and some of the -- there are some movements in reserves and general liability, and we had some companies missed their financial for example, with excess casualty issues, large losses in casualty. And I was wondering if you're seeing anything of that nature and maybe how we should be more confident in the accident loss picks for liabilities not necessarily going up.
Chris Swift: Paul, I'll start and then Doug and Beth can add their commentary. I think we've commented in the past on social inflation that it's not a new phenomenon. We've had many years of experience, particularly with mass torts and some of the claims that we had to deal with. We got a world class claims organization that has got a deep, deep expertise in handling casualty exposures of this sort. But yes, as the courts reopen, we do believe that there will be at least a clearing of the existing inventory and we'll have to see what trends emerge at a point in time. I don't think there's any new trends as we sit here today that we're really, really concerned about. We've talked about some of our reviver status issues or  issues that we think we've put behind us. But jury awards are going up. No doubt about it. It's clear in our data. That's why when Doug talks about casualty loss picks in the 9% to 13% range we're trying to be prudent and reflect what we think is continued activity of just larger awards. But Doug but, as we sit here today there's nothing new coming out of our book at this point in time.
Beth Costello: Yes, I would agree with that comment. Overall, I mean, we did increase slightly from prior year reserves for general liability. But it was really just a handful of, I would call them, one-off losses that as we made our final judgments for the quarter, thought that it was prudent to book a bit more in those lines as a percentage of the overall carried reserves in those lines, very, very small. So again, not indicative of a trend that's different from what we've seen, just wanted to be cautious, as I said as we closed out the quarter.
Paul Newsome: Great. Thank you and congratulations on the quarters result.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Joshua Shanker: Yes, thank you for taking my question. The first is the first quarter since 1Q 2016 where you didn't lose any auto policies net, and that's a good accomplishment. Although it could also mean that your pricing is more attractive to a consumer right now than a lot of opportunities in the marketplace. To what extent have you secured the customer group you want in your personal lines business that they have a stickiness that you can raise prices on that that will stay? And to what extent do you think that even though you have to put more price than through, so you're not particularly disadvantaged on the pricing side at this moment?
Doug Elliott: Josh, a very insightful question. And I can just share with you, given our new platform, the metrics and analytics that we're watching flow, where we're winning, quality of the book, had a whole series of diagnostics laid out in terms of expectations going in state by state. We're watching that match week by week. So I can tell you it's an exhaustive process. Everything we can see, we look like we expected and hoped to look. So again, I think it was a really good question and something that we take seriously and working our tails off out here.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. And then in the prepared remarks, Chris spoke about some new technologies you have on the benefit enrollment platform to increase enrollment and whatnot. To what extent are these unique offerings in the market? And to what extent can you leverage them to gain share with employers?
Chris Swift: Thanks, Josh. Yes, we have rolled out some new capabilities to have a better enrollment experience. Again I think a lot of the things that we do across the organization we think we're leading the way. But we know it's a competitive marketplace and a lot of fast followers that can replicate new things that come to the market, Josh. But as evidenced by our strong earned premium growth, I think the group benefit, the better days of group benefit are still ahead of it as far as a real need for the products that we offer and particularly some of the voluntary offerings we have of medical supplement, critical illness, accidental activities are really increasing and those carry strong profit margins for us. So I think that the whole equation is coming together and then our continued investment in our broad based digital capabilities and I feel really good about where we're positioned today, Josh.
Joshua Shanker: Very well. Thank you for the color. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. You may proceed.
Tracy Benguigui: Good morning. I also have some top line questions. You showed nice growth in small commercial. And as the economy is reopening, I'm wondering if these new businesses lack operating history and its risk that typically reside in the E&S market?
Doug Elliott: Tracy, I would suggest to you that we're watching claim intake by segment for maturity of worker. We are expanding and have worked at expanding our appetite in small. We do have an excess and surplus offering. But I don't think our book is trending to E&S. I still think it is very high quality. We've got a series of metrics that help us score our book. And so from every angle that we can see and evaluate, I think we have an outstanding book of business. But yes, in general, we are now pushing ourselves outside of what I might say would be a historically conservative risk appetite, Chris, to a little more bold, and maybe bold is too aggressive a word. But certainly, we're looking at other cells where we've not competed aggressively in history, and I think you'll see us with product in that space.
ChrisSwift: Doug, I would also observe, given our monthly reviews we do together, we're doing it thoughtfully. We're doing it with a primary product. We're also adding more global specialty product particularly, I would say, the E&O capabilities into a small. So yes, Tracy, we're trying to trying to be the most relevant player in the small business segment as we can be and maintaining our discipline and profitability focus.
Tracy Benguigui: Excellent. That's great feedback. I also had a question on the auto pit flat sequentially. I'm wondering, are you looking at the policy life cycle where maybe right now, you're not earning an adequate return, but you feel good about the businesses three, four years from now, you could earn acceptable return. And to what extent it's prevail playing into that discount? Is it material yet?
Doug Elliott: Yes, the life cycle component is a heart of our process for sure. So we're looking at current rate adequacy. We're also looking at our retentions and our profiles of customers. So I would agree with you that policy life cycle profitability is something that is an important part of that measure.
Tracy Benguigui: And the Prevail piece is that maybe dampening the  decline?
Doug Elliott: Yes. Consistent.
Tracy Benguigui: Yes. Okay...
Doug Elliott: Yes, I would say that Prevail would be adopting some of those best practices that we've used historically in our personal lines pricing.
Chris Swift: Tracy, Prevail is -- platform, right? It's the platform, it's the products, it's the digital capabilities that we're bringing to the market. But remember our book of business in auto and home, we've enjoyed $3.5 billion of premium over the years so that lifetime cycle that you're talking about is deeply embedded into our capabilities and how product season, how customers green. Remember, we have more flexibility today with Prevail because we have no lifetime guarantees so that the funnel that we had open for new business in the old days when we have lifetime guarantees, needed to be very restrictive because you in essence, we're marrying that customer for potentially a long time. So the flexibility we have with Prevail is dramatically different, but the methodology in our thinking, Doug, is very consistent.
Doug Elliott: And I would add Chris, six month policies, too right? We had much more flexibility to deal with changes in the event that we make adjustments to our strategy.
Tracy Benguigui: Yes, I'm sorry I guess I was referring to the non-AARP as you're trying to market that demographic, right?
ChrisSwift: No, not at this time. I mean, our core focus is ARP members. We do have some small agency business. It's very small, but it's still accretive to the organization. But the main focus, Doug, is been on serving a broader segment of AARP members, particularly 50 to 65 year olds that we're deeply partnered with the AARP organization in growing that membership base.
Tracy Benguigui: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The final question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Alex Scott: Hey, thanks for taking me at the end of the call here. First one I had is on net investment income. I mean, certainly it was a good quarter. If I set aside the LPs, just noticing the yield was more or less flat year-over-year. And so I was just interested if you could provide any color around sort of where new money yields are and if there's anything we should be considering about how that may start to trend up.
Beth Costello: Yes, Alex, thanks for the question. So as I said we do anticipate to see the yield ex-LPs to continue to increase. I may have you look at some of the details that we have in our investor financial supplement that show you some of the other lines besides just fixed maturities that contribute to that. So we do have some equity funds that had albeit small negative marks this quarter, but that also impacted the compare year-over-year. But when I look at just the fixed maturity yield, we are seeing the pickup as, again, new money yields are outpacing what we're seeing from a sales and maturity perspective.
Alex Scott: Got it. And then on group benefits, is there still pressure at all that you were feeling this quarter on the expense side. I just -- that's been elevated with handling so many claims and so forth. Is that more or less wound down at this point? Or anything I should be considering around the expense base as we move forward, hopefully, with maybe less elevated claims?
Chris Swift: Yes. I think that claim comment you made, Alex, is the key. We're probably -- we are carrying excess staff to remain cautious if there's another surge of COVID. Obviously, we're dealing with obviously very good mortality trends. But particularly in our STD book, we are carrying excess capacity just to see how things play out for the fall in the winter season. And then I would also say that -- so that's a temporal item you could characterize. But the increase in IT spend particularly in digital and some of the other things that we're investing in is also evident in there. That's probably for the next couple of years, there's a couple of big projects that we want to complete in that area. So the IT spend might remain elevated. But as we grow our top line, though, we do have expectation that expense ratios will start to moderate and improve as we grow. But where we're at for the first six months of the year, I think, is a pretty good full year run rate.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to pass the conference on over to the management team for any closing remarks.
Susan Spivak: Thank you all for joining us today. And as always, please reach out with any additional questions. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes The Hartford second quarter earnings call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 10:55:02) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to today's The Hartford First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Webcast. My name is Bailey, and I will be your moderator for today's call. All lines will be muted during the presentation portion of the call, with an opportunity for questions-and-answers at the end.  I would now like to pass the conference over to Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Susan, please go ahead.
Susan Spivak: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on first quarter 2022 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all of the earnings related materials on our website. For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; and Doug Elliot, President. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplements. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartfords prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartfords website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Last April at our first quarter earnings call, I had said, I've never been more excited about the future of The Hartford and was extremely bullish about our prospects for growth and further margin expansion. Since then, we have demonstrated our ability to deliver on these commitments through exceptional execution quarter after quarter. We continued that momentum in the first quarter with core earnings of $561 million or $1.66 per diluted share, up from $203 million or $0.56 per diluted share in the prior quarter. Book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, was $51.42, and our 12-month core earnings ROE was 14.8%. During the quarter, we were pleased to return $530 million to shareholders through share repurchases and common dividends. These results and actions demonstrate our commitment to long-term value creation through consistent profitable growth, continued investment in our business and return of capital to shareholders. We delivered these results during a very dynamic period, which is likely to continue with ongoing challenges from COVID, the secondary impacts of the Ukraine conflict and the anticipated Fed actions to raise interest rates, while shrinking its balance sheet to address historically high levels of inflation. And yet, there are reasons for optimism. Unemployment remains very low, 3.6% at the end of March. US consumers are historically holding low levels of debt with healthy savings. Home prices have appreciated 17% on average over the past year, providing a valuable source of equity for homeowners. Corporations have strong balance sheets and healthy earnings profiles, while new US business applications are up 65% from the pre-pandemic levels, a trend that is expected to continue. We view the economic environment as favorable to our business where growth is fueled by higher employment levels, rising wages, new business start-ups and commercial exposure expansion. I remain confident that The Hartford is well positioned to perform across its portfolio of businesses to deliver on our goals, maximizing value for our stakeholders. Now let's turn to the highlights from the quarter, which illustrate how our strategy translates into consistent and sustainable financial performance. Overall, Commercial Lines results outperform with double-digit top line growth and expanding margins in all businesses. In Small Commercial, we hold a clear leadership position with our innovative products, digital platform and data analytics, setting us apart from the competition. Last year, we delivered a record growth, eclipsing $4 billion in annual premium. And in the first quarter, we continued this positive momentum with very strong new business and increased premium retention. Middle and large commercial results are benefiting from sustained investments in underwriting capabilities, broader product offerings as well as innovative digital and data science tools. In Global Specialty, we continue to maximize our expertise to gain market share while expanding margins with overall profitability improvement, up more than 10 points from the second half of 2019. As it relates to the Ukraine conflict, first, let me say, we share the world's outreach at the tragic and senseless death, suffering and destruction and pray for an end to this needless violence. From The Hartford's perspective, we have very modest direct exposure within the region, which is meaningfully reinsured. We have a definite amount of premium there and have actively controlled our exposure in the run-up to the conflict and subsequent to the start of the hostilities. Beth will cover the financial impacts to the quarter. In Personal Lines, results were in line with expectations and reflect our transformative work and unique AARP relationship. I am pleased with the progress we are making as we roll out Prevail, our innovative and cloud-based platform that provides a simplified digital customer experience and uses data science to drive new business growth in a profitable 50-plus age segment. Turning to Group Benefits. As expected, we continue to be impacted by the pandemic. However, our underlying performance was solid and continues to demonstrate our market leadership position. Fully insured ongoing premium was up 5% in the quarter and reflects both increased premium from existing customer and a full point improvement in persistency over the prior year. Favorable employment trends and rising wages also contributed to premium growth. Sales for the current quarter are down year-over-year as the first quarter of 2021 benefited from the expansion of paid family medical lead products in several states. Adjusting for that one-time lift, sales are comparable to prior year across our life, disability and supplemental health products. Through the first three months of the year, our long-term disability book is performing as expected, with modestly higher  the higher incident rate is reflected in our future pricing and was anticipated when we set forth our margin expectations for 2022. Modestly higher expenses in the quarter reflect higher staffing costs to manage elevated short-term disability claims and accelerated investments in capabilities, including digital  administrative platforms. We expect the full year 2022 expense ratio to be generally consistent with first quarter results. During the quarter, the number of U.S. COVID cases were at their highest levels of the pandemic and thus were elevated. However, both cases and deaths have rapidly declined in March and April. Clearly, the past two years have shown that predicting that pandemic impacts is impossible. But with cases and test at their current levels, we are cautiously optimistic about the remaining quarters of 2022. And -- in conclusion, the Hartford is off to a strong start in 2022. We are optimistic about macro factors impacting our business, including improving pandemic outcomes and the potential for easing of inflationary pressures. We continue to manage our investment portfolio prudently and expect the portfolio yield to benefit from rising interest rate environment over time. And we are continuing to proactively manage our capital. All these factors underpin my confidence that we will generate a 13% to 14% core earnings ROE in 2022 and 2023. Our strategy and the investments we've made in our business have established the Hartford as a proven performer with consistent results. We are competitively positioned with a complementary and a well-performing portfolio of businesses and a winning formula to consistently achieve superior risk-adjusted returns. Now I'll turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter of $561 million or $1.66 per diluted share reflects excellent P&C underwriting results, a significant contribution from the investment portfolio, and reduced pandemic-related impacts and group benefits. As Chris commented, this is written related to Russia-Ukraine exposure had a modest impact on results. We recorded $27 million of net catastrophe losses, primarily related to political violence and terrorism, including aviation war and credit and political risk insurance.  As a result of incurred losses covered by our reinsurance treaties, we recorded a provision for ceded reinstatement premium of $11 million. The company's direct investment exposure is limited to corporate bonds issued by Russian entities with an amortized cost of $16 million, and we recorded an allowance for credit losses of $9 million in the quarter. We do not have any investments in Belarus or Ukraine. Moving on to the business line results. In Commercial Lines, core earnings were $456 million, up $351 million from the prior first quarter, primarily driven by the reserve increase in the 2021 period for boy scouts and a stronger top line and lower catastrophes in the current period. Commercial Lines reported 12% written premium growth, reflecting an increase in new business in small commercial, strong policy retention, written pricing increases and exposure growth. The underlying combined ratio of 88.3% improved 2.9 points from the first quarter of 2021, due to COVID losses in the prior year and a lower expense ratio and slightly improved margins across several product lines in 2022. In Personal Lines, core earnings were $84 million, and the underlying combined ratio of 88.5%, reflects increased auto loss cost as anticipated. I would note that, from a seasonality perspective, the first quarter typically has lower loss costs in the balance of the year. As Doug will comment upon, we are making progress in getting more rate into the book given the impact of inflation on loss costs. Although, our yield inflation impact is a bit higher than where we were a quarter ago, we expect to be within the underlying combined ratio guidance of 90% to 92% for the full year, albeit at the high end. P&C current accident year catastrophes in the first quarter were $98 million before tax, which included the $27 million related to Russia, Ukraine exposures that I just mentioned. P&C prior accident year reserve development was a net favorable $36 million, with workers' compensation being the largest contributor. Turning to Group Benefits. Core earnings of $8 million compares to a core loss of $3 million in first quarter 2021. Core earnings reflect a lower level of excess mortality losses in group life, partially offset by a higher disability loss ratio and an increase in the expense ratio. All cost excess mortality in the quarter was $96 million before tax compared to $185 million in the prior year quarter. The $96 million included a 122 million with days of loss in the first quarter which was partially offset by favorable deployment on prior quarters. The disability loss ratio increased 4.8 points over the prior year period, primarily due to less favorable prior and current year development in long term disability, as a 2021 loss ratio benefited from low instance level from earlier in the pandemic. The long-term disability loss ratio in the quarter was in line with our expectations, which included an assumption for increased incidents relatively to the past couple of years. Long term disability claim recoveries remain strong and are consistent with prior year. Lastly, the expense ratio for group benefit increased 0.6 points. Consistent with expectations, the expense ratio was impacted by higher staffing costs to handle elevated short-term disability claims and increase investors and technology partially offset by incremental Hartford next expense savings and the effective earned premium growth. The four excess mortality in COVID short term disability loss, the Group benefits core earnings margin was 5.7%. From a seasonality perspective, we experienced higher underlying loss costs in the first quarter, so we would expect the margin to be lower than our full year estimate. We remain confident in our guidance of a 6% to 7% core earnings margins for full year 2022, excluding COVID impact. Turning to Hartford Funds, due to equity market declines in higher interest rates, AUM decreased during the quarter to $148 billion, resulting in a sequential quarterly decrease in core earnings, though core earnings were up 11% compared to first quarter of 2021. Our investment portfolio delivered another strong quarter, net investment income was $509 million benefiting from very strong annualized limited partnership returns of 14.6% driven by relatively balanced contributions from our private equity and real estate equity investments. The total annualized portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships, was 2.9% before tax. With the increase in interest rates and wider credit spreads, the portfolio's reinvestment rate was 3.3%, which compares favorably to the average sales maturity yield of 3%. Not surprisingly, the portfolio value was also impacted by higher interest rates and wider credit spreads. The portfolio moved from an unrealized gain position of $2.1 billion at year end to an unrealized loss of approximately $300 million. Additionally, the portfolio had a net realized loss of $145 million, which includes $107 million of mark to mark losses on the public equity portfolio, reflecting the decline in equity markets in the quarter. While it is still early, as we look ahead to the second quarter, we anticipate the limited partnership annualized return will be in the 8% to 10% range. Both private equity and real estate equity investments contribute to our LP return, and this diversification has proven to be beneficial. So while interest rates and capital markets may remain volatile, we are confident that our high-quality and well diversified portfolio will continue to support our financial goals and objectives. The confidence we have in our business is also evidenced by our capital management actions. As of March 31, approximately $900 million of share repurchase authorization remains for 2022. From April 1 through April 27, we repurchase approximately 1.9 million common shares for $139 million. On April 15, we redeem 600 million of hybrid securities with a rate of 7.875%. We have pre-funded this redemption with the issuance of $600 million of 2.9% senior notes last September, which will result in net annual after-tax savings of approximately $24 million. In summary, our first quarter financial performance demonstrates the positive results that building and investing in our businesses have yielded. Combined with prudent capital management, we are positioned to deliver on our goals. I will now turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thanks, Beth, and good morning everyone. The Hartford's Property & Casualty strong first quarter results are evidence of the substantial progress achieved to expand product breadth, advanced technology and data science, deepen our distribution footprint and differentiate the customer experience. These accomplishments are powered by our skilled talent base positioning us well for profitable growth. Starting with Commercial Lines, I'm pleased with the underwriting performance across product lines and the improving expense leverage. Written premium growth was strong in the quarter sustaining the top line momentum achieved last year. With the acceleration of growth during 2021, the year-over-year compares will get more challenging in subsequent quarters, but we're confident there's upside to our initial target of 4% to 5%. Starting with pricing, in January, we shared with you our 2022 Commercial Lines guidance was contemplated moderated renewal pricing, and first quarter was largely in line with those expectations. Commercial written pricing, excluding workers compensation was 7.1% moderating about a point from the fourth quarter, but continuing to exceed loss cost trends across most products. This moderation was largely experienced in middle market and global specially. Workers Compensation pricing declined slightly from the fourth quarter as expected. The dynamics of higher average wages partially offset by negative filed rates will likely persist throughout 2022. New written premium and Small Commercial was up 6% driven by Spectrum and retention improved two points from last year. Our number one rated digital customer experience, outstanding product capabilities and rising no touch bindability levels are driving business to the Hartford as customers continue to embrace our consistent pricing and underwriting approach, leading to higher sales an excellent retention. Middle market pricing excluding workers compensation was 6.5%, a very solid start to the year. Retention was up four points from the first quarter of 2021, while new business premium was essentially flat. Robust exposure growth also contributed to our quarterly top line increase of 10%.  Pricing remains strong in global specialty at 8.3% with U.S. wholesale pricing just over 9%. Premium retention was steady and growth from our reinsurance business was significant. We continue to be pleased with our growing momentum, deeper product suite and improved underwriting execution.  Turning to loss costs. Our 2022 guidance also reflected our disciplined and long-term consistent approach to loss trend selection, including the expected impact of supply chain inflationary pressures in our auto and property books, along with social and economic headwinds in other lines, overall loss trends and loss ratios for the quarter were inline with a few puts and takes. In summary for Commercial. I'm very pleased with the continued excellent performance of each of our businesses, and I expect to achieve our underlying full year guidance of 86.5 to 88.5. Small Commercial delivered yet another sub-90 underlying combined ratio quarter at our best first quarter since 2014. At 91.5, Middle and Large Commercial has now achieved four straight quarters of strong underlying performance, and this quarter's result is the best first quarter in over a decade. And Global Specialties underwriting combined ratio -- underlying combined ratio of 88.2 is equally impressive, reflecting the recent strong pricing environment, improved underwriting execution and significant underwriting actions taken since the acquisition. As these results demonstrate, we are effectively balancing the rate and retention trade-off, while maintaining disciplined underwriting and leveraging risk segmentation tools to continue driving profitable growth. Flipping over to Personal Lines we're very pleased with the first quarter underlying combined ratios of 88.5, acknowledging the typical first quarter seasonality benefit and industry loss cost headwinds. Maintaining profitability of the legacy book has been a primary focus, while developing our new product, Prevail. Consequently, over the past several years, we continued to selectively tune pricing. In Personal Lines Auto, loss costs were elevated, primarily due to higher-than-expected severity, particularly in physical damage. We have not been immune to supply chain and inflation pressures. And in response, over the past several months we have completed over 50 auto filings with an average rate increase of 6.2%. These filings were across multiple class plans and will impact approximately half of our book going forward. In addition, we continue to recalibrate Prevail pricing to reflect these elevated loss trends. We're confident our filing execution, combined with prudent rate increases taken during the past few years, we'll continue to position our auto book for profitable growth. In Home, overall loss costs were in line with quarter one of 2021. Non-cat weather frequency continues to run favorable to long-term averages while material and labor costs remain at historically high levels, putting pressure on severity. We're similarly taking pricing actions in home. All in, our current accident year home loss ratio of 47.3% is very healthy. Turning to Personal Lines production. Retention remained steady while we generated new business growth in the quarter. Responses and conversion rates are in line with expectations. In addition, Prevail is now available in 13 states, including the launch of Florida in January and Texas in April, a couple of our larger states. We're actively managing our new business flow through an accelerated view of key metrics and enhanced analytics, to-date we're pleased with the quality of the new business we're writing. In closing, the first quarter was a very strong start to 2022 across property casualty and represents mounting evidence that we have and will continue to deliver on our critical strategic goals. Our Commercial Lines business grew at a double-digit clip with exceptional operating margins. And in personal lines, pricing actions are taking hold, while new business growth is emerging with increasing contributions from Prevail. The seamless integration of our product portfolio, technology and analytics, distribution and talent continue to drive our success in the marketplace. The momentum is clear. The results are strong and our future is bright. I look forward to our next update in 90 days. Let me now turn the call back to Susan.
Susan Spivak: Thank you. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Operator, could you please repeat the instructions for asking a question.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question today comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Brian, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. Thank you. A couple of questions here. First, Beth, I'm just curious, could you give us what the current new money yield that you're actually getting or new money rate that you're getting right now in your portfolio? And how does that compare to what your book yield is? And then how much of your portfolio kind of turns every 12 months? And then on that also, Chris, why 13  why consistent ROE 22% to 23% given the rise in interest rates?
Beth Costello: Sure, Brian, I'll start. So yeah, as we look today, the new money rate is probably closer to 3.8% compared to the 3.3% average that we had for the quarter. Obviously compares very favorable to the Folio yield so you may recall a quarter ago when we were talking about our expectations for yield for 2022, I had said that, we expected to see a slight decline from where we were in 2021. Given where we are today, we'd expect 2020 to be relatively consistent with 2021 and then see increases as we go into 2023.
Chris Swift: Yeah. And Brian, on the range question, 13% to 14% is obviously what we've been talking about for the last year, as you heard my confidence and optimism today. I believe we will achieve that in both those years. And you should not view the 14% as a limit, and we will try to achieve it. If the conditions are appropriate, particularly as Beth said, we'll have to see how the portfolio lift really plays out over a longer period of time. But that could be meaningful, particularly as you get into 2023.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then my second question is, I guess, more Doug and Chris, Russia-Ukraine, what was your gross loss? It seems like you had a fairly  the reinstatement premium, obviously, you had some reinsurance recoveries. And then also on that topic, Russia-Ukraine, maybe a little more kind of details as far as where your exposures are? And where could there potentially be some more losses coming from Russia-Ukraine?
Chris Swift: Sure. So I would -- Doug will add his commentary. I would say that most of the exposures that we have, obviously, have come through our syndicate in London, primarily through the political violence and credit and political risk book. We have about $45 million of net written premium in those lines. And as we said in our prepared remarks, it is heavily reinsured. So clearly, the war is still evolving. And the loss picks that we made, I think are very prudent and thoughtful about the  I will call it exposure that we have I will give you a little insight. We've only had two notices of loss and one we denied. So the entirety is nearly just all IBNR at this point in time. So I think that's all I'd share with you right now, given it's a live event. But we used a lot of data in Intel, including satellite imagery to look at properties that were exposed and feel really good about the picks that we made at this point. Doug, would you add anything else?
Doug Elliot: No, I think you nailed it, Chris. We  Brian, have a very good handle on the risks located in those countries. I think we understand our book well. And this process has been deliberate and prudent. And I think Beth and I feel really good about the call we made in the quarter for what we know.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Elyse, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. Good morning. My first question, I noticed in your prepared remarks, you gave us a sense of where you might fall within that personal lines underlying margin guide. So what about within commercial, right, 86.5% to 88.5%, I know, we're only one quarter in. But given how things have come together in the quarter as well as your view on pricing and loss trends for the balance of the year, do you have a sense of where you might fall within that range within commercial lines?
Chris Swift: Elyse, we haven't changed our view. So as I said, we expect to be by that range, but there's no nuance there. I don't think our view is any different than it was 90 days ago. So we clearly have our sights set and believe we'll achieve inside that range.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my second question is on the group business. I'm just looking to get some more color on how you think disability trends, especially within your long-term disability book could be impacted as we potentially enter into recession and how that's kind of embedded within the guide for this year given perhaps thoughts beyond this year into 2023?
A  Chris Swift: Yeah. I'm happy to try to give you color, Elyse. Yeah. I would share with you, first off, our base case of economic activities is not a recession in 2022 -- 2023. Obviously, there's still a lot of question marks, but we think the Fed will try to prudently balance growth and inflation and come to hopefully a good spot. As it relates to, I'll call it, disability trends. What I would share with you is last year at this time, we just had more favorable development particularly from the initial COVID year of 2020 than we are having this year. Also, I think in our prepared remarks, we talked about seasonality. So long-term disability claims are seasonally higher in normal conditions in the first quarter. Now living through two years of pandemic is anything but normal, but those are still the underlying trends that we see. As we sit here today, we still -- we feel very confident of achieving our 6% to 7% margin during the year. And as I said, we are both in our life book and disability book putting additional price into our pricing models that we're going to try to achieve, obviously, as we go forward. So price, particularly in the life side is probably going up 2% to 3%, and then roughly 1% to 2% for disability. So our incident trends, I would say, as we sit here today, have stabilized. There was a little concern that we had in the fourth quarter heading into this quarter that they might be rising faster than we expected, but that is not the case. So I think that's the color I can try to give you right now Elyse.
Q  Elyse Greenspan: Great. Thats helpful. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Greg, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Q  Greg Peters: Great. Good morning, everyone. So the first question I wanted to ask was around employee retention and recruiting. One of the other publicly traded brokers had mentioned on their call that they were seeing elevated turnover of underwriters at the carrier level. And I'm just curious about what the Hartford is seeing and what their perspective is around recruiting and retention in very difficult employment markets?
A  Chris Swift: Yeah. I'll start and then I'll ask Doug to add his color, Greg. So thank you for joining us today. Yeah. Talent retention is obviously a key to most of any businesses, right? I mean, you got to put a high-quality team on the field every day and compete, which I think we've done extremely well over an extended period of time. That said, we haven't been immune to, I'll call it, elevated people movement, particularly in an environment where a lot of organizations were allowing employees to work from home or just work from just about anywhere. So I would say for calendar year 2021, our, I'll call it, turnover rates were probably elevated in the three to four to five point range depending on business unit or function. I would say, though, that they've stabilized here in the first quarter. We -- I thought it took an appropriate thoughtful point of view on bonuses and salary increases. So -- we're working hard at it. And the best way that we can combat people leaving us is to make sure our leaders and middle managers are really tuned into their people. Their needs, their desires, their career goals and objectives, giving them clear feedback and having that sense of belonging that we're invested in their career. And I think that's part of our cultural advantage that we have. But Doug, what would you say on the specifics of underwriters that are distributed throughout the country?
Doug Elliot : The area is a top three item for us across our leadership ranks. We're talking about it. We're working on it. And the other thing I would share, Chris, is we've had some very significant hires ourselves in the past 90 days. So I feel really good about some of the talent that has joined The Hartford. I like where we are. We've worked hard at it, and I think it will continue to be an asset for us as we compete forward.
Q  Greg Peters: Got it. And the second question, I wanted to pivot, Doug, I think in your comments, you talked about how in the Commercial Lines area, your reserving has contemplated the loss cost trends, the social inflation, the supply chain issues, et cetera. And there's rhetoric in the marketplace right now. I'm not sure if it's going to come in the pass, but there could be further disruptions in supply chain as we move through the balance of the year. And I'm just curious from your perspective, how you look at data as you see that? And do you make changes now, or do you wait until it materializes? Just some granularity with respect to your approach on that.
A  Chris Swift: Greg. Let me just start, and then I'll ask Doug. So as I tried to say in my commentary, we're optimistic that some of the supply chain shock due to demand, the demand side of the equation is starting to ease, particularly as we head into the second half of the year. Now the other shock, obviously, on the supply chain from manufacturing and the war in Ukraine and China's locked down are new factors that will continue to impact just our overall view of cost of goods sold through our supply chain. So those are the dynamics. But at least from what we could see right now, there's a level of optimism that a lot of this is going to work through the system, maybe not as quick as we initially expected. But I think beginning in the fourth quarter heading in 2023, we could be in a different position, Doug?
Doug Elliot : The only other item I would add is that I did comment that we had adjusted primarily in auto physical damage or supply chain loss trends around severity. So our expectation in December and our reality in March were slightly different. We made those adjustments. Lastly, I'd point out, we make very specific quarterly calls in both our planning and our reserving. So know this is a quarterly March every 90 days, as we close our books, we make sure that everything we can see in our results and anticipate and the risks around this, we built into those calls. But the machine is finally tuned to have a 90-day period-by-period March. And so yes, as we -- if we feel more pressure in the back half of the year, we will deal with it. But right now, we're hoping for some easing, as we move July through December.
Q  Greg Peters: Got it. Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Thanks, Greg. The next question today comes from David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. David, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
David Motemaden: Hi. Good morning. It's sort of a related question for Doug. Just a question on the loss cost trends. Doug, you had mentioned some puts and some takes, but net-net came in, in line with your expectations. Wondering if you could just elaborate a bit more on what you're seeing by line?
Doug Elliot: Well, I'd start with just my last comments, which is one of those puts was a little bit more pressure and water filled in. So we adjusted for supply chain. Generally, our frequency is holding. So I feel good about our frequency calls and what we're seeing with experience. And we're watching medical carefully. But so far, we feel pretty good about what we're seeing in the medical front. So all in, as we go through, and you know we've got probably close to 40 lines that we're looking on a quarterly basis. I'd say largely, our calls are holding and other than a few adjustments. First quarter came in as expected.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. And then switching gears to the Benefits business. Chris, I hear your comments, your expense ratio coming in around $26 million for the year. I guess, I'm wondering within that, it sounds like you're having higher staffing for the short-term disability claims. Is there a rule of thumb that you can give us  for example, for every $10 million of short-term disability claims, it's an extra $1 million or $2 million in extra claims handling expenses. And I guess, how should we think about that as we enter into a more endemic state of  with COVID?
Chris Swift: Yeah. I don't have a metric that I can give you today. I think the surge that we really felt beginning in late third quarter into the fourth quarter and then early 2000s which is sort of unprecedented as far as volume. We did build some new digital claim intake tools that helped relieve some of the call center pressure, but still had to process thousands and thousands and thousands of claims. So just know that, we  as much as we had some elevation of expenses, our Hartford next objectives for this business are still being met. We did, as I said in my prepared remarks, take the opportunity to look at investing maybe a little faster than we thought. So that will -- that is part of what's driving that. And as I said, that's mostly in the digital area and continuing in claims. So  but all that is still contemplated, David, in achieving our 6% to 7% margin for the year. So top line is growing a little faster now than we thought after a little slow start. So when you put the overall equation together of top line loss cost trends coming down, particularly as the pandemic in the second half of the year here seems to be less severe on mortality in achieving a 6% to 7%, which translates into strong ROEs on our capital. I think that equation is somewhat  is what we like. And your expense ratio point, expense ratio will come down just a little longer. It will take just a little longer than we initially thought.
David Motemaden: Got it. And appreciate the investments and capabilities, the accelerated investments that you had mentioned. So if I could just follow-up on your comments there. Could you size how much that was during the quarter? And so we could just sort of think about thing about  and I guess, maybe think about how much more on the  on those accelerated investment we should think about?
Chris Swift: Okay. I tried to guide you a little bit for the full year. So just think of the full year expense ratio guide that I have you, and well talk about 2023 and beyond at the right time, but that's not -- we're not ready to do that right here today, David.
David Motemaden: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Michael, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Michael Phillips: Thanks. Good morning everybody. Doug, you mentioned in personal auto, 6.2 rate; and I think you said about half year book. Im wondering, is whats needed from here in auto just taking rate in the other half, or is there more needed on top of what you're already taking in that current half of 6.2?
Doug Elliot: Mike, it's an ongoing matter, right? So we're continuing to assess loss cause and assess our rate accuracy state by state. As you know, this is a rolling state program. So, as I mentioned not half of our book now has achieved file increases over the past three or four months. We've got second quarter rolling right now. So I've got expectations for second quarter, I've got expectations for third quarter. I can tell you that based on the loss cause coming in, in the last week; we probably adjusted our third quarter view in the last seven days. So it is active real time, and we will continue to manage to make sure we've got enough rate in that book based on all of the tools available to us.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thanks. And then just a quick one here. You had some favorable development in small commercial loan, if you can talk about what drove that?
Doug Elliot: The favorable development is primarily workers comp and it was primarily in accident year 2017 and prior -- 2018 and prior, I guess so. But our book continues to look very healthy in those accident years and our actuaries may release fair amount in the workers comp area.
Michael Phillips: As you said, they are just holding steady on the
Doug Elliot: Correct.
Michael Phillips: Okay.
Doug Elliot: workers comp.
Michael Phillips: Yeah. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from Alex Scott from Goldman Sachs. Alex, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Alex Scott: Thanks. First one I had is just on the P&C side. I guess in small commercial, there is, I think, favorable non-cat weather called out a little bit in home, too, it sounded like I think marine was called out global especially. I was just wondering, if you could help us quantify some of those items to help us take through the impact on the loss ratios?
Chris Swift: When you roll it up, Alex, at a commercial level, the non-cat inside commercial is probably about a point. So the good weather non-cat, the other line, a little pressure on a marine loss, but the other lines are cancer points that add up to good news. So the other in general, on commercial, when we started the year, we forecasted a couple of points of underlying improvement, about half of that coming from loss and the other half coming from expense.
Alex Scott: 90-day then?
Chris Swift: Basically right on that. So we feel good about the start to the year I think its right on our expectation.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thanks for that. And then maybe one more question I grouped for you. I guess, when you think about COVID hospital utilizations declining and as you've sort of seen that progress through the first quarter and into April. Are there lagged impacts that we should consider for disability, or should those claims come down pretty real time with what's going on in the environment for COVID?
Chris Swift: Yes. I don't know, Alex, if you're referring to short-term disability, long-term -- long COVID, but I will make the assumption that you're talking about more long COVID, which is significantly lagged. And I think we've talked about it in prior settings. I mean we are seeing a modest amount of claims coming in from long COVID, that meet the definition of a long-term disability. And then, obviously, is dictating some of the pricing expectations that are changing to get more rate in the book to cover some of that. So, yes, long COVID is real, and we're trying to manage it the best we can from a claims side and then also from an economic side.
Alex Scott: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse. Andrew, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. I just want to get a little more granular on some of the earlier questions. Doug, on the personal lines, you talked about half the book having achieved filing and that your real time on rates. I'm just kind of interested, particularly, in the auto line with a 2.9% rate increase in the quarter. That's about 70% of the premium that you write in personal lines. Do you need that kind of 2.9% for the next few quarter as you look out. Again, I understand its real time, but to stay in that 90% to 92% underlying, is it going to be a while before you can take your foot off the pedal?
Doug Elliot: Andrew, I would suggest that our rate need is more aligned with the rate achieved in the first quarter. So were headed toward 6% to 7%, so thats what -- 6.2% is what I shared in my script. I expect the second quarter rate to be in the 5% to 6% range and well talk more in 90 days about the third quarter. But -- so I step back. No, the 2.9% is not going to be adequate to cover where we are with loss costs now, which is why our filings are in excess of 5%.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. Very helpful. And then with regards to work comp, Doug, you mentioned a slight decrease in pricing. I'm going to assume that means 1% or less. And then with that, could you give a little color on the lost cost in that particular line. How much are they up?
Doug Elliot: Our workers comp is a line thats gone through a lot in the last three years with the pandemic. As we look at it today, no question that we are focused on filings as we work our way into this year and anticipate another round for 2023. There is headwind in the filing space. As you know, we essentially have negative filed rates across the marketplace that we are working to selectively underwrite our way through. Very pleased with what weve done to-date, but I cant argue that there arent headwinds in front of us and things will be effective as we work our way through. Are signs relative to loss trend right now, we're still sitting on our long-term trends, right? So we still look at medical in that mid-single-digit range and then to be a little bit less than that. Frequently, as I mentioned before, has been largely in check. And then I would add to you that, were getting a little bit of benefit from wages, so we're seeing increased wages in our payroll. And as I've noted before, increased wages is a positive force as we think about our role for loss ratio. So a lot of work to be done, continued progress on the audit premium front, so positive audit. So yes, there are some puts and takes in workers' comp. I think our performance in the quarter was outstanding, and we'll manage our way to the headwinds as they come at us over the next 18 months.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. Thanks for that. And if I could just sneak one quick one in on Group. 5.7% at core margin, excluding pandemic-related being a little beneath that 6 to 7, is there any non-COVID mortality that's exceeding your expectation? Are you seeing any pressures there from a mortality standpoint non-COVID?
Chris Swift: Andrew, first point, 6 to 7, we will achieve that this year. So as we said in our prepared remarks and we addressed one question, there is a little bit of seasonality in our the LCD picks in the first quarter generally normalized be able to see that. So I think that's impacting the 5 7. I would also say though that we probably had on a pre-tax basis, $15 million to $20 million of elevated mortality claims in our AD&D book and waiver book that we're just random events, accidents are particularly motor vehicle accidents. There's -- unfortunately, there's a number of other actions that are occurring. So I would say those two things probably put the most pressure on that 5 7 number but were still confident in the 6 to 7 range for the full year.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from Derek Han from KBW. Derek, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Derek Han: Good morning. Thanks. I had a question on the commercial premium growth. Obviously, it was strong in the quarter. The new business premiums within the middle market on the Global Specialty segment slowed a little bit. Is there anything meaningful in that? I'm just kind of curious if there was any cross-sell impact within those segments?
Chris Swift: I would characterize the quarter as reasonably strong for both Global Specialty and Middle, Large Commercial. Although flat and middle and large, still a very strong quarter. And we're being thoughtful about workers' comp and our aligned product strategy. So I look at our bottom and top line performance across all of our markets and feel really good about the start to the year.
Derek Han: Got it. That's helpful. And then my second question goes -- probably goes to Doug. You said that personal auto frequency is holding up pretty well. If you look at the underlying factors kind of driving that, are you seeing any increases in distracted driving? I know your customer mix is kind of unique from your peers, but just curious if you're seeing any of that impact.
Doug Elliot: We have statistics and we've read statistics. So we -- our numbers concur with that, but I can't suggest to you that our book on its own would drive all those statistics. So I'm not going to sit here and say that our telematics data is robust enough to kind of jump in the way or suggest otherwise. We are watching, driving, we're watching speed, we're watching time and day, all the factors that are important to our loss costs, and I think we made appropriate provisions in the quarter.
Derek Han: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.  The next question today comes from Tracy Benguigui from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Tracy Benguigui: Good morning. My first question is on exposure growth. I recognize you disclosed policies and ports just for your small commercial segment, but it will be good to get a more general sense of the contribution from audit premium, you did mention lead inflation or any other type of linkage to GDP type of growth. And where I'm going with this, and I just want to better understand the contribution of exposure growth to overall commercial premium. And I'm also curious if you think there's a component of exposure that acts like rate?
Chris Swift: So let me tackle the first question. In our growth for mid and large and small commercial, I would suggest about half of that is coming from auto premium growth -- so very strong audit premium of our workers' compensation book in both those books of business. As you know, we have no workers' compensation in global specialty. So those are the books that are impacted by that Relative to the 7 1, Tracy, I quoted in my script, which was our pricing in the quarter, all commercial ex workers' comp, 1.5 point of that, plus or minus, coming from exposure. So the rest of that would be underlying performance, freight. Doug, anything you want to add?
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Well, I'm sure Doug was going to chime in. Okay. So my second question is, how would you describe your annual portfolio turnover rate? So just looking at your 4.4-year asset duration, do you think something like 12% makes sense? I'm just trying to get a better sense of when you'll start earning in the higher new money yields.
Beth Costello: Yes, Tracy, it's probably in the 10% to 15% range. So what you're quoting is a reasonable estimate there as we look at it across the year. .
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Cool. And just staying on that, and we did touch a pro last quarter. But I noticed that you were suddenly shortening your duration of your assets, it was five years back in September 2020. it looks like this quarter, you actually extended it just slightly. So should we think about the 4.4-year duration ticking from here?
Beth Costello: Yes. I mean as we talked about last quarter, we had seen the duration of the portfolio shortened. Some of that was in response to the liabilities. And also, as we looked at our surplus assets, it's our view on interest rates, we did shorten a bit anticipating a rise. Where we are today, I think, is appropriate when we kind of look at, again, our liabilities and so forth. And we're kind of consistently looking at that to determine if we need to make any changes as our liabilities move. But I wouldn't point you to any anticipation of significant changes, but it can definitely move a bit quarter-to-quarter.
Tracy Benguigui: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. There are no additional questions waiting at this time. So I'd like to pass the conference over to Susan Spivak for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Susan Spivak: Thank you very much for joining us today. As always, please reach out with any follow-up questions.
Operator: That concludes The Hartford First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Webcast. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-04 15:51:08) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2021 The Hartford Earnings Webcast.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on fourth quarter 2021 earnings. Yesterday we reported results and posted all of the earnings-related materials on our Web site for the call today in order of speakers will be Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of the Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; and Doug Elliot, President. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period. Just a few final comments before Chris begin. Todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could materially differ. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartfords prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on the Hartfords Web site for one year. Ill now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. In 2021, The Hartford delivered strong financial performance across the organization as we continued to execute on our strategy, we realize the growing benefits of investing in our businesses. At our Investor Day in November, we shared our roadmap for maximizing shareholder value and demonstrated how we are executing in a more consistent and sustainable way. Our targeted priorities will continue to produce results that drive profitable growth, enable market leading ROEs and deliver consistent capital generation, while at the same time sustaining our top quartile ESG performance. As evidence of our ability to drive profitable growth, core earnings were up 10% in the fourth quarter to $697 million and full year core earnings grew to $2.2 billion. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI was up 8% from year end 2020 and the core earnings ROE of 12.7% for the second consecutive year. During the quarter, we also returned $620 million to shareholders from share repurchases and common dividend, bringing total capital return for 2021 to $2.2 billion. These strong results are the product of an extremely attractive portfolio of businesses in target investments over last several years to generate strong sustainable cash flow. Going forward, we will continue to prioritize investments for future organic growth, along with dividends and share repurchases in our capital allocation decisions. The Hartford's businesses have distinct advantages of their own and complement each other extremely well, sharing deep underwriting and risk management expertise, tools, insights and distribution across the portfolio of businesses, we will continue to invest in claims, analytics, data science, and digital capabilities to ensure superior performance. All the businesses possess exceptional talent that fully embrace the Hartford's winning behaviors and passion for execution. I am incredibly proud of the resiliency demonstrated by our team, especially over the last 2 years. This speaks to our character, focus on continuous improvement, and commitment to all our stakeholders. Let's now turn to highlights from the quarter, which illustrate how our business strategy translates into financial performance. In commercial lines, the positive momentum continued with stellar margins in double-digit top line growth, reflecting higher new business levels, continued strong retention and solid renewal price increases. Looking ahead to 2022, we expect strong growth and earn pricing to continue to exceed loss cost trends in most lines, resulting in further margin improvement. Personal lines delivered solid operating performance in a dynamic market environment. I am pleased with the progress being made as we advance the rollout of our new Prevail product and platform that provides a more contemporary experience to our unique AARP customers in the 50 plus age segment. We are closely watching the impact of inflation on loss costs and responding with underwriting and pricing actions. We anticipate slightly higher underlying combined ratio in 2022. Turning to group benefits, earnings continue to be impacted by the ongoing pandemic with elevated life and disability claims. Despite pandemic headwinds, performance across group benefits remain solid and key business metrics demonstrate our market leadership position. Fully insured ongoing premium was up 5% in the quarter, reflecting increased sales as well as growth in new premium from existing customers. Persistency was about 90% and increased one point over prior year. In 2021, our sales growth benefited from the initial expansion of paid family medical leave in several states. Adjusting for that one-time lift, we are off to a good start with January 22 sales being on par with prior year. For the full year, we are expecting premium growth in the 2% range compared to 2021. Within our long-term disability book, claim recoveries remain strong. Claim incidents and short-term disability is highly elevated due to COVID, while long-term disability incidence rates have shown modest signs of increases as we have been experiencing, and in turn will be incorporated into future pricing assumptions. The Omicron variant has driven the most recent surge in cases. Initial effects of Omicron are more impactful for short-term disability, but the lag between infection and death makes it challenging to predict future mortality. Estimates of expected cases vary widely as do perspectives on the final resolution of COVID as an endemic virus. For 2022, we are estimating between $125 million and $225 million of pre-tax losses due to the broad effects of the pandemic, including short-term disability and excess mortality, which we expect to impact results primarily in the first part of the year. Our excess mortality estimates are based on the best data we can gather regarding COVID trends and reflect our optimism for the remainder of the year. This optimism is principally due to the population continuing to get boosted and the Omicron being less lethal. In addition, as advanced therapeutics make their way to the market and into the hands of the medical community, there is an expectation of fewer deaths for those who contract the virus. Though uncertainty remains, I am encouraged as we progress through 2022, the pandemic will shift to a regional endemic state with more treatment options available. Excluding any pandemic related effects for both life and disability, we expect the core earning margins to be between 6% and 7% consistent with our long-term margin outlook for this business. Turning to the macroeconomic environment for 2022. I am optimistic the business environment will be one in which the Hartford will prosper. We expect that consumer capacity to spend will remain strong, which will drive economic growth. The U.S unemployment rate has fallen to 3.9% and is likely to fall below pre-pandemic levels of 3.5% at year-end and we are seeing signs of increases to workforce participation. In 2022, we expect inflation to be challenging in the first half of the year. However, as supply chains gradually improve, consumption, transitions from goods to services, and interest rates rise, we believe core inflation in the second half of the year will decline to the 3% range. Lower unemployment and mid-single-digit GDP growth is supportive of our employment centric workers' compensation and group benefits businesses. An expanding economy is also a catalyst for growth across commercial lines, particularly in Small Commercial with higher new business formation. While monetary policy normalization may lead to volatility in the capital markets, our well diversified and high-quality investment portfolio is constructed to withstand this market dynamic. With a favorable macroeconomic backdrop, profitable growth, expanding margins in P&C and group benefits and proactive capital management, we are well-positioned based on our current pandemic assumptions to generate a 13% to 14% core earnings ROE in 2022 and continuing into 2023. Before I close, I want to speak to our ESG achievements and our commitment going forward. We have been consistently recognized for our efforts and progress setting us apart from our competitors. Most recently, the Hartford was named the number one insurer and 14th overall on America's Most JUST Companies list. The recognition we continue to receive is a testament to our long-standing commitment to sustainability and the dedication and hard work of our teams that make these priorities core to who we are. ESG leadership remains a critical component of our value creation strategy as we continue to deliver strong financial results alongside positive outcomes for all stakeholders. In closing, we begin 2022 in a very strong competitive position with sustainable advantages and a winning formula to consistently achieve superior risk adjusted returns. This a direct result of our performance driven culture and the significant investments we have made to transform the organization into one with exceptional underwriting tools and expertise, expanded product depth and breadth and industry-leading digital capabilities, complemented by a talented and dedicated employee base. We will continue investing for the long-term to become an even more differentiated competitor, all while producing financial results. I am confident that the Hartford has never been in a better position to continue to deliver on our financial objectives and enhance value for all stakeholders. Now I'll turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter of $697 million or $2.02 per diluted share reflects strong P&C underwriting results and a significant contribution from investments, partially offset by the continued impacts of the pandemic and group benefits. Commercial lines reported 14% written premium growth in the quarter, reflecting an increase in new business, strong policy retention and exposure growth. The underlying combined ratio of 88.9, improved 1.8 points from the fourth quarter of 2020 due to lower COVID losses and improvement in the loss ratios and Global Specialty workers' compensation and property. In Personal lines, the underlying combined ratio of 95.9 includes the effect of an increase in auto claims frequency and severity. New business premiums grew 16% with increases in both hot auto and homeowners. P&C current accident year catastrophes in fourth quarter were $22 million before tax, which is net of reinsurance recoveries of $39 million under our aggregate catastrophe cover. As a reminder, this cover attaches once qualifying cat losses exceed $700 million. As it relates to our cat reinsurance program, we renewed the program on January 1, 2022, at only a modest increase in cost with no changes in structure. We've included a summary of our program in the earnings slide presentation. P&C prior accident year reserve development with in core earnings was a net favorable $144 million, driven by a decrease in reserves for workers' compensation, catastrophes, package business and personal auto liability, partially offset by adverse Navigators reserve development. In total for the quarter, we incurred $43 million of adverse reserve development subject to the adverse development cover, of which $18 million was ceded to the cover. We have cumulatively ceded $300 million of losses the coverage limit under the treaty. Outside of core earnings, we also recognize adverse development of $155 million before tax for asbestos and environmental with $106 million for asbestos and $49 million for environmental. During this year's reserve study, we saw a decline in asbestos claim filing frequency, which was more than offset by an increase in defense costs and claims settlement rates and values. For environmental, the reserve increase was primarily due to the settlement of a large legacy coal ash remediation claim, an increase in legal defense costs and higher site remediation costs. While the $155 million of reserve development was economically seated under the adverse development cover, we took a charge to that income for the deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance. To date, we have ceded a little over $1 billion to the adverse development cover with $485 million of limit remaining. Turning to group benefits. The core loss of $12 million compared to core earnings of $49 million in fourth quarter 2020. The core loss reflects continued elevated excess mortality losses in group life, higher short-term and long-term disability claim incidents and increasing the expense ratio. When we shared our third quarter results, the reported U.S COVID death rate had started to decline from the August surge. Unfortunately, the decline was short lived as the death rate ticked up again in December. Using CDC reported COVID deaths, we currently estimate U.S deaths for the fourth quarter will be about 126,000, just slightly higher than 124,000 deaths for third quarter. The death rate for those under age 65 is down slightly, but still higher than the first quarter of 2021. Our estimates for all-cause excess mortality in the quarter is $161 million before tax, compared to $152 million in the prior year quarter. The $161 million included $176 million with dates of loss in the fourth quarter, partially offset by favorable development on prior quarters. The disability loss ratio was elevated 6.5 points over the prior year due to higher claim incidents levels for both long-term and short-term disability. In the quarter, we increased our 2021 long-term disability accident year estimate to reflect modest increases in claim activity. Additionally, short-term disability claims in the quarter were elevated due to COVID and we did not experience a corresponding decrease in non-COVID claims as we did earlier in the pandemic. When adjusting for excess mortality and COVID related short-term disability impacts, the core earnings margin was 7.8%. Lastly, the expense ratio for group benefits increased by 1.7 points compared to the prior fourth quarter. The expense ratio was impacted by higher compensation costs, an increase in technology costs and higher staffing costs to handle elevated claims. In addition, the fourth quarter of 2020 benefited from a reduction in the allowance for doubtful accounts. Partially offsetting these expense increases were incremental Hartford net expense savings and the effect of earned premium growth. Hartford Funds core earnings for the quarter were $60 million compared with $46 million for the prior year period, reflecting the impact of daily average AUM increasing 20%. Total AUM at December 31 was a $158 billion. Mutual fund net inflows are positive for the 5th consecutive quarters of $358 million. The corporate core loss of $41 million compared to a loss of $51 million in the prior year quarter. The lower core loss was primarily due to an increase in net investment income related to a higher level of dividends received on equity funds. Across the enterprise, we continue to execute on our Hartford Max operational transformation and cost reduction plan, achieving $423 million of expense savings through year-end 2021. We remain on schedule to achieve savings of $540 million in 2022 and $625 million in 2023. Turning to investments, our portfolio delivered another outstanding quarter. Net investment income was $573 million, up 3% from the prior year quarter, benefiting from very strong annualized limited partnership returns of 22%, mostly driven by private equity funds. The total annualized portfolio yield excluding limited partnerships was 3.1% before tax for the fourth quarter and the full year. Looking forward to 2022, we would expect our total annualized portfolio yield excluding limited partnerships, will be slightly lower than in 2021 as the reinvestment rate continues to be low below the average sales and maturity yield on the portfolio, as well as an expected reduction in returns within the equity portfolio and non-routine income items such as make-whole payments. The portfolio credit quality remains strong with no credit losses on fixed maturities in the quarter. The unrealized gains on fixed maturities before tax was $2.1 billion at December 31, down from $2.5 billion at September 30, due to marginally higher interest rates and wider credit spreads. The value per diluted share excluding AOCI was 8% since December 31, 2020 to $50.86 and the trailing 12 months core earnings ROE with 12.7%. During the quarter, the Hartford returned $620 million to shareholders, including $500 million of share repurchases and $120 million in common dividends paid. As of December 31, $1.3 billion of share repurchase authorization remains for 2022. From January 1 through February 2, we repurchased approximately 2.5 million common shares for $180 million. Cash and investments at the holding company were $1.9 billion at year-end. As a reminder, included in the holding company cash at the end of the year are the proceeds from the September debt issuance, which we intend to use to redeem $600 million of hybrid securities in April 2022. During the fourth quarter, we received approximately $440 million in dividends from subsidiaries and expect between $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion in 2022. Looking forward to 2022, our views for the financial outlook are largely unchanged from those we shared at Investor Day. We expect to generate profitable growth in both P&C and group benefits, subject to some uncertainty with the level of excess mortality. This coupled with our capital management plans provides a path to 13% to 14% ROE for 2022 and into 2023. We look forward to updating you on our progress. I'll now turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Beth, and good morning, everyone. 2021 was an impressive year for the Hartford's Property and Casualty business. We achieved substantial progress on each of the five critical strategy drivers as outlined during our Investor Day, and the financial results were simply outstanding. Across the five, our expanded product breadth is driving top line growth across each of our commercial businesses. Advancements in technology and data are fueling straight through processing in Small Commercial, speed to market improvements and middle and large commercial and the launch of our new personal lines' product Prevail. Our distribution footprint is stronger than ever with expanded capabilities to meet changing customer needs across multiple channels. The Hartford strong focus on customer experience is distinguishing our marketplace execution. Our Small Commercial digital experience was rated number one in the industry by Keynova and Net Promoter Scores have significantly improved in middle and large commercial, putting us in the top tier of national carriers. Finally, talent powers our engine and continues to be a differentiator. The combination of these critical drivers has delivered full year 2021 Property and Casualty written premium growth of 9% and underlying combined ratio of 89.4 and core earnings of $2 billion. The underlying combined ratio was three points lower than 2020 and core earnings were 17% higher. Our momentum in the marketplace is evident with several consecutive quarters of strong top line growth and underlying margin improvement. Let me dive a bit deeper into each of our business line results before closing with several comments about 2022. The commercial lines underlying combined ratio was 89.1 for the year, 6.4 points lower than prior year, improving 3.6 points ex COVID. The margin improvement throughout the year was driven primarily by strong earned  pricing, outstanding underwriting execution and the impact of our Hartford Next expense program. Commercial line top line performance was also exceptional, growing 12% year-over-year and 14% in the fourth quarter. Small Commercial closed a year of record performance and continued market leadership with written premium eclipsing $4 billion, an increase of 11%. Fourth quarter written premium growth was even stronger at 17%. Policy count retention increased 2% -- 2 points in the quarter, driven by consistent pricing and underwriting and enforced policies grew 6.5% versus prior year. The continuing benefit from an improving economy, including rising payrolls contributed to both the year's and the quarter's top line result. Small Commercial new business of $673 million for the year was up 21%. Fourth quarter new business was $162 million with growth of 6%, an excellent result given the economic rebound during the last quarter of 2020. New written premium growth was significant across all distribution channels and our market leading BOP product spectrum continues to have strong traction. In middle large commercial, written premium increased 12% for the year and 14% in the fourth quarter. Middle market new business of $532 million increased a 11% for the year with significant contributions from our core general industries book as well as our specialized verticals. Quote and hit rates for the year both improved over 2 points from 2020, reflecting our growing momentum, deeper product suite and improving underwriting execution. We continue to balance the rate and retention trade-off, while maintaining disciplined underwriting and leveraging our risk segmentation tools to drive profitable growth. Global Specialty produced a strong year with annual written premium growth at 13% and 11% in the quarter. New business of $912 million for the year or growth of 21% was equally impressive, and policy retention remained strong throughout the year in the mid-80s. The breadth of our written premium growth continued to be led by wholesale U.S financial lines and environmental. Global REIT also had an excellent year with written premium growth of 21%. Let's move to pricing metrics and loss trends. U.S standard commercial lines renewal written pricing was in line with the prior two quarters and continues to exceed loss trend across most products. Ex workers' compensation pricing was 6.5 in the quarter, with workers' comp pricing coming in at 1.2%. Within middle market, ex comp pricing also remained sequentially consistent at 8%. In Global Specialty, U.S pricing in the quarter was still quite good at 9%. U.S wholesale achieved 12.7% and ocean marine 13.5. Fourth quarter pricing gains in the international portfolio of 11.6 remain strong. Across commercial lines, loss trends and loss ratios for the year were largely in line with expectations. For the year the ex-cat current ex year loss ratio improved 4.9 points with a fourth quarter reduction of 190 basis points, benefiting in part from lower COVID losses. Ex COVID, this loss ratio improvement of 2.1 points for the year for the year and 60 basis points for the quarter. Loss ratio improvement in the fourth quarter was driven by stronger pricing and favorable property frequency, partially offset by a few large property losses across our book. Shifting over to personal lines, the underlying combined ratio for the year increased 6.8 points to 89.9. Auto results were impacted by increasing vehicle trips and miles traveled. Liability frequency in the quarter continued to run favorable to expectations. However, physical damage frequency ran a bit worse. Auto severity remains elevated, primarily driven by rising wages and supply chain pressures on the cost of used cars and parts. In home, full year and fourth quarter frequency was better than our expectations. However, higher claims severity from elevated building material and labor costs drove the underlying loss ratio up over 3 points for the year and the fourth quarter. Written premiums declined 1% for both the year and the fourth quarter. However, I am encouraged by the improving growth profile in the second half of 2021. We see positive signs with rising conversion rates, steady retention and slightly improved industry shopping for our 50 plus cohort as included in J.D. Power's reported data. And Prevail, our new product is now available in eight states, with the rollout significantly expanding in 2022. While we remain pleased with the quality of our new business pricing is a top priority. More on that in a moment. Before I turn the call back to Susan for Q&A, I'd like to share a few thoughts about 2022. Consistent with Investor Day, we continue to project 2022 commercial lines written premium growth between 4% and 5% with an underlying combined ratio between 86.5 and 88. 5. Coming off significant 2021 growth of 12%, 4 to 5 is a strong target for this year. We expect to return to more historical patterns of workers' compensation exposure growth, counterbalanced with rising wages in 2022. The projected underlying combined ratio is approximately 2/3 loss ratio and 1/3 expense. Renewal written pricing in commercial lines excluding workers' compensation is expected to run in the mid-single-digits with certain Global Specialty lines such as wholesale and U.S ocean marine closer to double digits. Workers' compensation pricing is projected to remain competitive, especially in Small Commercial. Renewal written pricing is projected to be flat to slightly negative. Across commercial lines, we expect earned pricing will continue to exceed loss trend in most lines, except workers' compensation. In personal lines, we expect auto frequency to modestly increase, but remain below pre-pandemic trajectory. Persistent building and material inflation, increasing labor costs and supply chain disruptions throughout '22 will continue to impact severity. As a result of these trends, our auto and home regulatory filings have ramped up significantly over the last 90 days. I expect this elevated filing activity to continue throughout the first half of the year. To ensure our initial price points reflect our most current view of loss trend, we've been deliberate and thoughtful with an adjusted Prevail state launch schedule. All-in, we expect 2022 personal lines underlying combined ratio of 90 to 92. In closing, 2021 was an outstanding year for our property and casualty business and a strong validation of our multi-year roadmap. Our commercial lines business buoyed by the improving economy grew at a double-digit clip. Strong pricing earned into the commercial book driving lower current accident year loss ratios, each commercial business delivered strong execution and improved accident year performance, and early results from the launch of Prevail in personal lines demonstrate encouraging signs that our cloud platforms with contemporary product design features will compete well into the next decade. The seamless integration of our product portfolio, technology and analytics, distribution and talent have driven our success in the marketplace. As I expressed at our November Investor Day, I'm extremely pleased with our 2021 performance. The results are strong and sustainable as is our future. I look forward to updating you all on our 2022 performance with our first quarter call. Let me now turn the call back to Susan.
Susan Spivak: Andrew, we're ready to take questions.
Operator:  The first question comes from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, thanks a lot. So, just taking a deeper look at the personal lines area, it looks like you came in at an auto combined ratio of 105.4. And you're in the midst of rolling out the Prevail program. So, I'm wondering how long it takes to kind of get those rate increases in place. And when do you think you could get to a loss ratio in an attractive range and where that might be?
Doug Elliot: So, a few different questions inside. Let me see if I can uncouple and answer them. First point I'd make is that, from a seasonal perspective, our fourth quarter loss ratio is our highest quarter in the year. And consistent with our planning and history and also performance in 2021, I just want to note that it runs 3 to 5 points on average per year higher than our number for the year. So that is inside the fourth quarter. Secondly, as I said, in my remarks, we have rolled out eight states. By the end of 2022, we expect to be in more than 40 states. So, an aggressive rollout, although we have delayed a few states based on a rework around supply chain. We are actively working 45 states right now from a filing perspective. I think you've seen our pricing progress over the last couple years, we reported in the supplement relatively steady over that period of time. So, our rate need 9 months ago was relatively small. That has changed as we've watched supply chain and Andrew, we're reacting to that on a weekly basis. So aggressive approach to what we're doing with filings happening by the week, by the month, aggressive in first quarter second quarter and expect over the next 5 months we will be largely through that effort. And you'll continue to see as we work our way through 2022, the results in our written pricing as demonstrated in our supplement.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks for that. I mean, it sounds like you're very confident in trajectory. As I think about personal lines in general, fitting in with the property, casualty business, do you see that as a fit -- as a core fit? And is that a business that you feel is necessary to be in over the long haul?
Chris Swift: Yes, Andrew, it's Chris. I would say, yes, we see it as a fit. We like the business. Obviously, over the years, we've improved our contractual relationship with AARP and extended it for 10 years. So, I think of it is primarily an affinity direct marketing business with two great brands, meaning AARP and THE HARTFORD. So in particularly with the modernized product, the platform, our digital emphasis, I think we can really make something happen here that we hadn't been able to do before just given some of the contractual arrangements. So, it's a preferred segment we like, and I think we got a good brand in there, and it's not unusual for commercial line carriers that have personal lines operations, and we think it contributes to our overall profile and our overall earnings and hourly components.
Operator: The next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. Good morning. This may be a quick follow-up on what you were just talking about. You mentioned some contract changes. I guess, I'm wondering, the last time industry had to correct pricing on auto back in 2015 to 2017, you may not have been able to be as agile. And I'm wondering how the playbook may change now because I believe now you have more 6-month policies versus 12-month policies? Or were there any other structural changes that would make you more agile this go around?
Doug Elliot: I guess a few things, Tracy, I would point out. You're right. Our Prevail product is a 6-month product for auto. So that changes the dynamics of how we'll manage the product, the speed and our flexibility around that. There's also a feature of lifetime continuation in the old product that now is not with the new product going forward, essentially across the country. So, yes, we think we have a much more nimble approach, a contemporary product and excited about the early results. But we have a lot of work in front of us in '22 to get it rolled out across the country.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay, great. So just to be clear, that's just in Prevail and not in AARP?
Doug Elliot: That is the new product is 6 months is Prevail, correct.
Tracy Benguigui: Yes. Okay. Got it. It looks like 
Chris Swift: Tracy, just one 
Tracy Benguigui: Yes.
Chris Swift: Tracy, it's Chris. Just one point of emphasis. Doug, obviously is thinking about Prevail and then our existing in force book and all the work that we have to do, but even in our existing 12-month policy, new business only is not having a lifetime continuity agreement. So, we have the ability over the last 18 months or so -- 12 months, we're writing new business with AARP even in the non-Prevail product. We are not writing new business with lifetime continuity agreements. So, but the vast majority of the in-force still obviously has lifetime continuity. So just one just a little nuance.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Thank you for jumping in. That's really helpful. Maybe shifting gears, I noticed the Harford loss AOCI during 2021 and it looks like that may happen given higher interest rates. But I also noticed at the same time you're shortening the duration of P&C assets from 5 years back in September 2020 to 4.3 years now at year-end. Is that something we could expect to continue? And I'm just wondering how important AOCI is in the way you manage capital?
Beth Costello: Yes, Tracy, I'll take that. As a significant change some of that is also related to just the change in the duration of the liabilities. But we did shorten duration in what we refer to as our surplus assets just given our views of what's happening with interest rates. So, some of the sales that we did in the fourth quarter where on the longer end, but I would say that it's not a significant change, but again just our way of positioning the portfolio. We do look at AOCI in total. But again, I wouldn't characterize some of the changes we've made in anything all that significant.
Operator: The next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the capital side. Do you bought back $1.7 billion in '21? Thats ahead of kind of $1.5 billion that you would point it to for '21 and then also for '22? And given the dividends that you laid out with your outlook from the subs over the coming year, I mean, it seems like you could probably finance more than $1.3 billion. So, is there some upside to the 2022 capital return plan? And how should we think about the timing of getting the shares that and perhaps exceeding that?
Chris Swift: Elyse, I would start and then Beth can add her commentary. Yes, we're pleased with our capital management actions over the last years and equally what we believe we're going to continue to do going forward. But it's premature right now to start to speculate what are we going to do for the rest of the year and into '23. I think we've always been clear with you when we change our views and have additional excess capital to allocate. We'll communicate with you. But right now we want to finish our existing program. Obviously, see how the year plays out, make sure we're funding all our internal growth opportunities. And then Beth might comment upon S&P, just see where that falls out. But those are the parameters that we just think about over a longer period of time. But what would you add?
Beth Costello: The only thing I would add, Elyse, I really look at the additional amount that we did in '21 is just an acceleration of what our plans were for 2022. I mean, as you know, we typically do look to execute our capital management plans ratably over the periods, but we're not agnostic to share price. And our program does provide us flexibility to react when movements in share price make it attractive for us to maybe repurchase a bit more than we had originally planned. And as Chris said, we're executing on the total authorization of $3 billion and very pleased with that.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my follow-up is on loss trend on within commercial line. So, when you set your underlying margin guide for '22, and also when you make the comment, right, would you expect pricing to continue to exceed loss trend? What do you guys see in the loss trend environment, and how -- what's embedded there within your 2022 guidance?
Doug Elliot: Elyse, I would say that largely '22 loss trend picks are consistent with '21. Comp was certainly consistent vis-a-vis both frequency and severity. We've talked about medical severity up over mid-single-digits and then the higher middle digits and frequency has been pretty favorable. The one tweak we have made in the last couple of years, I guess two tweaks. One is, we're aware of and focused on supply chain to where its supply chain is heading, building construction property, et cetera. We've bumped up that trend a little bit, and we continue to watch excess trend as well. So casualty excess is an area where we've been in the high single digits and remain there for '22.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Gregory Peters: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to -- my first question is going to focus on the growth outlook for commercial lines that you reiterated in Slide 9 of your investor deck. And I guess what I'm trying to do is, we're looking at the pieces here, the strong results of '21, we're looking at Slide 10, where you show the continuing positive trend of rate. And just sitting back here from the cheap seats is looks like the 4% to 5% targeted growth for '22 looks to be low hanging fruit, especially in the context of a rate environment that continues to be favorably -- favorable as it relates to price over loss cost trends. So, I thought maybe you could give some additional color on that.
Doug Elliot: Yes, so let me try, Greg. I'd start with across commercial, our three big businesses. As we've mentioned, there's been a little bit of tailwind behind this from economic growth, right, coming through exposure and premium audits primarily in the workers' comp area. So when you think about as an example, Small Commercial, which is up over 10% for 2021 in the 12% range, we share with you PIF  change in the supplement. PIF is running new policies in-force at 6.5, right? So, customer count is up. The rest of that is roughly exposure plus or minus, and it varies by line of business. But it gives you a sense that we see quite a bit of tailwind, more tailwind in '21 from exposure than we had seen prior certainly relative to '20 when the market went the other way and even historically. Same thing in middle that when we look at our business up small teens, there's a fair amount of that coming from what I would say elevated exposure growth, bouncing back over 2020. So, when you hold some of that abnormal growth out, you get more a mid-single-digit type run rate. And we think that's still a strong run rate now. Yes, we expect pricing to be strong. And yes, I'd like to see our PIF growth continue to grow. But I have to suggest to you that when we look at these growth rates, a good percentage 50% to 60% of some of those growth numbers driven by exposure change that we expect will slow down quite a bit in 2022. That help a little?
Gregory Peters:  Yes, it does. It's -- yes, I -- that makes sense. Just trying to parse out what is due to economic rebound versus the rest of the ordinary business, a little hard for us sitting on the outside to figure out, if that makes sense to you.
Doug Elliot: The other last point I would share, Greg is you also have to do a compare, right. So, the compare against '20 for our '21 performance was a easier compare because of what happened in the second quarter of 2020. We had a terrific year, this year. Essentially, we wrote through in terms of new business as much as we had expected 9 months ago for an 18.4-month period. So now all of a sudden, the '22 compare will become more challenging just because of the success we had in '21.
Gregory Peters: Yes. That makes sense.
Chris Swift: Greg, make no mistake. I mean, we are focused on growth, right? We think it's a great time to grow given the environment. But you also know that a lot of our competitors, since it's a good time to grow, too. So, there is still a discipline that we still want the teams to have. We want them to be orientated to growth and taking risk and using all the sophisticated tools we have on our underwriting side, but it's not growth at all costs.
Gregory Peters: That makes sense. The other question I had, Slide 18, this is -- this isn't necessarily particular to you, it's an industry phenomenon. But the returns from LPs in '21 have been outstanding, and it doesn't seem like that's a sustainable result. And I guess what I'm getting at is, what's the normalized long-term expected return on your LPs? And is that sort of the number we should be using as we think about the contribution from that in '22 and beyond?
Chris Swift: Greg, I'm going to ask Beth to add her color. But you're right. I mean, we've enjoyed two years of superior returns, however, you want to look at it, either from a mark to market side or a cash realization side, some of our real estate investments have been just homeruns across the board in addition to our private equity capability. So, you're right. That can't continue at the same rate and, Beth, what would you add?
Beth Costello: Yes, what I would add is, as we think about the asset class and over the long-term, we think about our return more in sort of the 8% to 10% range, it's how we think about what this asset class can deliver to us. Obviously, very pleased with the results we had this year. And as Chris indicated, a significant portion of the gains that we had were actual realizations of asset sales and so forth in the underlying fund. So, all in all, great performance, but I'd think about kind of 8% to 10%.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thank you for the answers.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, great. Good morning. Maybe first question on Global Specialty. Any color on what's driving the reserve developments, especially now given that the ADC cover from Navigators, I believe is exhausted?
Chris Swift: Yes, Mike, I would share with you just the context on the ADC, why we put it into place. First, it was really the strategic opportunity to acquire the old Navigators and add to our capabilities. I think we've picked up a wonderful team, culturally aligned with us, and really doing great things in the marketplace. Our Global Specialty book today, you could see a supplement is $2.6 billion, and is running strong overall profitability that we've worked hard to improve, particularly Doug in the Global Specialty leadership team have really put our fingerprint on that business. But back to the ADC, we put it in place, because we knew they had some issues on their balance sheet. And the way we thought about financing with cash and using at ADC, I think was the right decision. Obviously, we needed it. And we are where we are today. But I would say going forward it's completely different. It's given our fingerprints are all over it. When I look at their reserve positions and balance sheets right now, I'm really pleased where the Global Specialty balance sheet is in total for the future. So that's what I would say. Beth, what would you add?
Beth Costello: Yes, I agree on the comments on the overall balance sheet. And as it relates to the specific activity that we saw this quarter, it was primarily in financial lines and a little bit in life sciences and really just a reaction to some higher-than-expected large loss emergence. So, as we looked at what we were experiencing and went to make our year-end picks took all that into consideration.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. Yes. And I didn't -- overall reserve development was very healthy. I didn't mean to pick on it. I just know it's been recurring, so I felt like it was worth asking. Follow-up, just want to be clear on personal lines. Your results take many others in auto have deteriorated. And so just as we think about the outlook and you gave us a number of initiatives, you're taking to that should improve the loss ratio in auto. In terms of cadence, should we be thinking it's more kind of second half of the year loaded in terms of the improvement?
Doug Elliot: So as our written pricing goes in, obviously, we'll be earning that heavier element second half of the year. Our loss trend picks, though, are spread throughout the year as we deem appropriate. And as I mentioned, although we think frequency will be just up slightly, we have leaned into supply chain on the severity side. So that is a part of our overall assumption. And I think on top of the trends we experienced this year, which are -- we all can see, as you look at loss ratio performance '20 versus '21, I think that the combination of both these years and our expectations for increased severity next year are reasonable selections that we made inside our business plan.
Beth Costello: Yes, the one thing that I'll just add to that as it relates to trend, and I know, Doug commented on this before, is just keep in mind that fourth quarter is always a high auto quarter for us from a seasonality perspective. And I think to the point as we look to get right into the book as we think about increases in supply chain, I think when you look at the first half of the year in 2022 compared to the first half of the year in 2021, I'd expect to see things a little bit elevated from there, because we really started to feel supply chain in the latter part of '22, just from a compare perspective, if that's helpful.
Doug Elliot: Mike, maybe one other thought, too. I don't think it's well-known, but when you look at loss costs inside personal lines auto, a significant component of that auto loss cost piece is liability. So, supply chain is impacting, its damn differently than liability and not to be underestimated, liability has been performing for us. So, knock on wood. We still have to watch and we have to perform through 2022. But more that supply chain is sitting on top of physical damage, and physical damage is not 100% of the loss costs.
Mike Zaremski: It's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Gary Ransom: Good morning. Yes, I wanted to ask in commercial lines, whether there were any segments or lines where you were doing any meaningful true ups at the end of the year? And I -- in the back of my mind is just the casualty trends and the distortions that we've had, whether -- how you might have incorporated that into your final loss picks for '21.
Doug Elliot: Gary, when I think about accident year '21 to start, I would say that very quiet activity. I mean, Gary, we had leaned into our loss trend selections in planning out the 2021 year. And as you know, on those casualty lines, unless there's some raising real big reason, we don't come off those trend lines for multiple years. And then as we always do every time we close the book, so looking back on all the prior accident years, we had some pluses and minuses, the net of all that was a generally a pretty favorable quarter, relative to that and we've talked about Navigator. So, I feel really solid about our balance sheet. I think we work hard at it. We assess it. And '21 performed basically in line with expectations with the exception of some of the pressures we saw from COVID and supply chain.
Gary Ransom: Is there anything that I should read into the Small Commercial year-over-year comparison that was -- underlying was up a little bit?
Doug Elliot: Love that question. What I want you to read into Small Commercial is 88 and 17% growth in fourth quarter and over 11% in the year, right? So that business is hitting on all cylinders. We feel really good about our rate adequacies. We are strong across, Gary, all the lines inside Small Commercial. And I think the rollout of our new spectrum product over the last 2 years it just hit the street the exact spot we intended to. So, no, I'm very bullish. At some point you have such strong profitability. We leaned hard into growth that we felt like it was the right time to do that, it was the right product mix. And I look back on '21 and not sure I would change anything in a Small Commercial performance.
Gary Ransom: Fair enough. And if I could sneak one more in. When I look at all the favorable development, we had a lot from workers' comp and cat, and I think I understand that but the other one is package where you've had a very consistent pattern of favorable development. Is there any particular story behind that or line within that package that's driving that?
Beth Costello: No, I wouldn't point anything specific, Gary. I mean, again, as we evaluate the actual experience in both  frequency and severity perspective, we've made some adjustments on that. Ive been really pleased with how the line has performed over time, but nothing specific that I would point to.
Gary Ransom: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Yes, thank you. One more question on the ADC. I mean, maybe I'm wrong, but I feel back in when that was created that the  is about $300 million of protection, it seem like a lot. And I remember having discussion with you that the difference between buying $200 million of protection and $300 million wasn't materially a significant amount of money. So, it made sense and here we are, we've blown through it. Given that you had the ADC, it gave me some comfort in your financials about taking those charges. Has that book seasoned to a degree that you're confident that the PIF rate now are probably very close to where they will ultimately lie? Or could there be some conservatism in your picks? Because you did have sort of the protection of the ADC to ring fence your core earnings?
Chris Swift: Yes, it's -- you got a lot of different veins of thinking in there, Josh. What I would say is, as I tried to say, we feel good about where the balance sheet is now. We put our fingerprints over it for the last 2.5 years, including new business. So, we got it positioned the way we want it. And that's what I would say.
Josh Shanker: And, I mean, look, it can go both ways. I'm just curious if, I guess we'll leave it there. I don't think I'm going to get more out on this issue. So, I'll leave it at that. On the personal lines, you look -- you've been rewriting your business for a long time rewriting it. Is there any argument that your customers at this point are stickier than the average customers in the industry? They've been with you through a lot of rounds of rate changes and underwriting revisions. And you should have a higher persistency even in the face of higher prices compared to some peers?
Doug Elliot: I think we have a strong customer base that believes in our product and our association with AARP. So, in general, retentions I expect to be strong. To me, one of the hallmarks of great retention is consistency and pricing and a super product. And I believe those are all priorities, they are in terms of our strategy and behaviors as we work through time. And I'm excited about the advancement of the contemporary product design that we're going to see with Prevail. So, we felt we needed to do that. It's been a big investment, a lot of work. But we felt like this was the right time for us to completely refresh and rebuild our product so that, Josh, that degree of stickiness was not only stay the same, but get stronger. I think it will over time.
Josh Shanker: Thank you.
Operator: And unless there's time for any other questions, I see it is past the top of the hour. I would like to turn the conference back over to Susan Spivak for any closing remarks.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Andrew, and thank you all for joining us today. If we did not get to take your question, please reach out to my office and we will be happy to follow-up. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentations. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 13:06:05) =====
Operator:  Good day. And welcome to the Hartford Third Quarter 2021 Financial Results, Webcast and Conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode.   I would now like to turn the conference over to Susan Spivak. Please go ahead.
Susan Spivak: Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today for our call and webcast on third quarter 2021 earnings. Yesterday we reported results and posted all of the earnings-related material on our website. For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford. Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer, and Doug Elliot, President. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period.  Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call, investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings.  Our commentary today include non-GAAP financial measures, explanations, and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this call can be produced or rebroadcast in any form without the Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on the Hartford's website for 1 year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thank you for joining us this morning. Once again, our outstanding underwriting capabilities and consistent execution on strategic initiatives becomes increasingly evident with each quarterly earnings report and reinforces my confidence about the future for the Hartford. In the third quarter, we reported core earnings of $442 million or $1.26 per diluted share. 8% growth in year-over-year diluted book value per share, excluding AOCI, and a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 12.5%. We returned 634 million to shareholders in the quarter from share repurchases in common dividends, and 1.6 billion for the 9 months ended September 30th.  The confidence we have in our business is also evidenced by the announcement that we have increased our share repurchase program by 500 million, bringing the total authorization to 3 billion through the end of 2022. And we increased our quarterly dividend by 10% payable in January of 2022. With strong cash flow generation, we will continue to have a balanced capital deployment approach to support growth and investments in the businesses with capital return to shareholders. Looking through to the underlying results, the positive momentum continued with written premium growth, margin expansion, operating efficiencies, and a significant return on alternative investments. However, results were impacted by Hurricane Ida, higher pandemic-related excess mortality and Group Benefits, and the Boy Scouts of America settlement.  Commercial lines reported stellar margins with an industry-leading 87.2% underlying combined ratio in another double-digit top-line growth reflecting higher new business levels, continued strong retention, and solid renewal price increases. Our teams continue to execute exceptionally well. In personal lines. We're in the midst of a transformation to provide a more contemporary experience in product. Through a modernized platform in partnership with AARP, one of the largest affinity groups in America, we see the opportunity to capitalize on the growth in the mature market segment. With this demographic is expected to grow three times as fast as the rest of the U.S. population, over the next decade. I am pleased with the progress being made with the introduction of the new platform.  And Doug will provide more commentary. Additionally, in the quarter we entered into a new agreement in principle with the Boy Scouts of America. This agreement now includes not only the BSA, but local councils and representatives of the majority of sexual abuse claimants who have now been asked to officially vote on the BSA bankruptcy plan. The Hartford settlement becomes final upon the occurrence of certain conditions which we expect to occur in early 2022. Now turning to group benefits. Core earnings for the quarter were 19 million reflecting elevated life in short-term disability claims, partially offset by strong investment returns, improved long-term disability results, and earned premium growth.  Throughout the year, we have been reporting earned premium growth over prior year. In these quarters, positive trends continue. Fully insured ongoing premium is up 4%. This reflects growth in our in-force book and continued strong sales and persistency. Persistency was above 90% and increased approximately 1 point over prior year. The Group Life industry has been impacted by excess mortality over the past 6 quarters. During our July earnings calls, we were optimistic that trends would lead to an improvement in COVID related mortality. Our optimism was short-lived as the number of U.S. deaths started increasing in August due to the Delta variant and continued through September.  As of this week, U.S. COVID deaths for the third quarter, now exceed a 112,000. And this number is likely to continue to increase in the weeks ahead due to reporting lags in the data. The rapid increase in COVID deaths in the third quarter drove elevated mortality in our book of business and across the industry. Additionally, the mortality experienced from the Delta surge has a higher percentage impact on the under 65 population compared to prior periods. Approximately 40% of U.S. reported COVID deaths in August and September, were of individuals under age 65 compared to approximately 20% of COVID death in December of 2020 and January of 2021.  Since younger age cohorts tend to carry higher face amounts, the combination of increased deaths and higher amounts of insured values resulted in a significant increase in total dollar levels of mortality claims. In addition, we experienced higher levels of non-COVID excess mortality during the quarter, representing approximately 30% of reported excess mortality loss. This is directionally consistent with the broader U.S. trends that saw elevated non-mortality in the third quarter. As we look to the fourth quarter, forecasting excess mortality is a challenge. What we do know is that vaccinations are savings lives and higher levels of vaccination rates should help mitigate mortality claims. Bottom line, the fundamentals across the Group Benefits business remained solid and we are confident and optimistic about our performance in the future.  Turning to the economic backdrop, while there are conflicting signals, I remain encouraged on the '22 macroeconomic outlook and believe the environment will be one in which the Hartford's businesses performed well. Headline inflation remains elevated, but core inflation is on the decline. I do not expect inflationary pressures to go away overnight. The focus of global governments and the private sector on supply chain solutions as well as the normalization of hard-hit pandemic sectors, causes me to believe in inflationary pressure will begin to ease in the second half of 2022.  Well, employment gains stalled in the last couple of months as the U.S. was impacted by the Delta surge. Vaccination rates, therapeutics, and growing levels of natural immunity provide confidence that COVID will become less of a deterrent for individuals to seek employment and return to the workforce. Unemployment is expected to continue a downward trend as borders increasingly reopen and pandemic-related benefits fully roll-off. This bodes well for the Hartford 's business mix. As I reflect on my tenure with the Hartford, I am extremely proud of the progress we've made.  Over the years, we fixed core businesses, exited underperforming or non-core segments, successfully integrated the new operations we added. Positioning the Company to capture even more opportunities in the marketplace going forward. This is a direct result of our performance-driven culture and a significant investments we have made to transform the organization into one with exceptional underwriting tools and expertise, expanded product depth and breadth in industry leading digital capabilities, complemented by a talented and dedicated employee base. However, the journey is not complete. We will continue investing for the long term to become an even more differentiated competitor in the customer experience, all while producing superior financial results.  At our November 16th investor conference, I look forward to sharing how the business is positioned for continued out-performance, and highlighting the talented senior leadership team. With a high-quality franchise, growing revenues, strong margins, prudent capital management, I'm very confident that the Hartford has never been better positioned to continue to deliver on our financial objectives and enhance value for all stakeholders. Now I'll turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter of 442 million or $1.26 per diluted share, reflect excellent investment results with a 40% annualized return on limited partnership investments and continued strong underlying results, offset by 300 million of catastrophe losses, 200 million from Hurricane Ida, and excess mortality of 212 million in Group Benefits. In TNC, the underlying combined ratio of 88.3 improved 2.3 points from the third quarter of 2020, highlighted by excellent performance in our commercial lines segment. In commercial lines, we produced an underlying combined ratio of 87.2, a 6.5-point improvement from the third quarter of 2020, and 15% written premium growth for the second consecutive quarter.  In personal lines an underlying combined ratio of 91.8 compares to 81.4 in the prior year quarter, which reflects higher auto claim frequency from increased miles driven in higher severity. Doug will provide more detail on these results in commercial and personal lines in a moment. P&C prior accident year reserve development within core earnings was a net unfavorable 62 million, driven by the new settlement agreement with BSA, partially offset by reserve reductions of $75 million, including decreases in workers compensation, personal auto liability, package, business, and bonds. In the quarter, we ceded an additional 28 million of Navigators reserve to the adverse development cover primarily related to wholesale construction. Although these losses are economically ceded, the reserve development resulted in a deferred gain representing a charge against net income in the quarter. Group Benefits core earnings of 19 million decreased from a 116 million in third quarter 2020, largely driven by higher excess mortality losses in Group Life, partially offset by increase in net investment income. All cause excess mortality in the quarter was 212 million before tax, which includes 233 million for third quarter deaths, offset by 21 million of net favorable development from prior periods, predominantly from the second quarter of 2021.  The percentage of excess mortality not specifically attributed to COVID -19 cause of loss is more significant this quarter than it has been in the past, and represents approximately 30% of the total. Excellent rocket from short-term disability related to COVID-19 and excess mortality, the core earnings margin was 12.6%. The underlying trends in disability remains positive, with lower long-term disability claim incidents and stronger recoveries related to prior-year reserves. The disability loss ratio in this year's quarter was 3.1 points higher as the prior-year loss ratio benefited from favorable short-term disability claim frequency due to fewer elective medical procedures during the early stages of the pandemic.  As Chris commented, the incidence and excess mortality claims going forward is hard to predict as it is dependent on a number of factors, including the vaccination rate, the potential spread of new COVID variant. The percentage of those infected who are in the workforce, and the strain on the healthcare system impacting in the treatment of non-COVID related chronic illnesses. Improving operating efficiencies and a lower expense ratio from Hartford Next have contributed to margin expansion.  The programs delivered $306 million in pre -tax expense savings in the 9 months ended September 30th, 2021, compared to the same period in 2019. We continue to expect full-year pre -tax savings of approximately $540 million in 2022 and $625 million in 2023. Turning to Hartford Funds, core earnings for the quarter were 58 million compared with 40 million for the prior-year period. Reflecting the impact of daily average AUM increasing 27%. Total AUM at September 30th was a 152 billion. Mutual fund net inflows were approximately 300 million compared with net outflows of 1.3 billion in third quarter 2020, Hartford Funds continues to produce excellent returns with growth and assets under management driven by net inflows and market appreciation.  As a low capital business it's return on equity has been outstanding, consistently over 45% since 2018. The corporate core loss was lower at 47 million compared to a loss of 57 million in the prior-year quarter, primarily due to a $21 million before tax loss in Third Quarter 2020 from the equity interest in Talcott Resolution, which was sold earlier in 2021. Turning to investments, our investment portfolio delivered another outstanding quarter of results. Net investment income was 650 million up 32% from the prior-year quarter, benefiting from very strong annualized limited partnership returns of 40% driven by higher valuations and cash distributions within private equity funds and sales of underlying investments in real estate. Limited partnership returns, continue to exceed expectations.  We continue to manage the investment portfolio with a focus on high-quality public investments, while leveraging our capabilities to take advantage of attractive. private market opportunities. The total annualized portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships, was 3% before tax compared to 3.3% in the third quarter of 2020, reflecting the lower interest rate environment. We expect pressure on the portfolio yield to continue in the fourth quarter. The portfolio credit quality remains strong with no credit losses on fixed maturities in the quarter.  Net realized gains on fixed maturities before tax for $2.5 billion at September 30th, down from $2.8 billion at June 30th due to higher interest rates and wider credit spreads. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI rose 8% since September 30th, 2020 to $49.64. And our trailing 12-month core earnings ROE was 12.5%. During the quarter, the Hartford returned $634 million to shareholders, including $511 million of share repurchases and $123 million in common dividends paid. Yesterday, the Board approved a 10% increase in the common dividend, an increase of share repurchase authorization by $500 million, With this increase and the $1.2 billion of repurchases completed through September 30th, there remained 1.8 billion of share repurchase authorization in effect through 2022.  From October 1st through October 27th, we repurchased approximately 1.5 million common shares for $108 million cash and investments at the holding Company were 2.1 billion as of September 30th, which includes the proceeds from the September issuance of 600 million of 2.9% senior notes. These proceeds will be used to repay our 600 million 7.875% junior subordinated debentures, which are redeemable at par on or after April 15th, 2022. During the third quarter, we received 443 million in dividends from subsidiaries and expect approximately 445 million in the fourth quarter. With top-line growth, improving underlying margins, operating efficiencies, strong cash flow, and ongoing capital management. We are positioned to consistently generate market-leading returns and enhance value creation for shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thanks, Beth and good morning everyone. Across property and casualty, I continue to be extremely pleased with our execution and performance. In the quarter, the underlying combined ratio was an outstanding 88.3. Commercial lines achieved double-digit written premium growth for the second consecutive quarter. Written pricing remains strong, largely consistent with second quarter. and our new personalized product launch is accelerating with 5 new states rolled out in October. As Beth mentioned, commercial lines produced a terrific underlying combined ratio of 87.2 with over 5 points of improvement coming from the loss ratio. and another point from expenses.  I've been doing these calls for a long time and this is one of the stronger underlying quarters I have presented. Before providing more color on commercial pricing and loss trends, let me spend a few minutes detailing another quarter of exceptional topline performance. Small commercial written premium of just over a billion was a third quarter record, increasing 14% over prior year. Policy count retention was strong at 84% and in-force policies grew 6% versus prior year. As anticipated, we continue to benefit from an improved economy with increases in payroll and wages contributing to the quarter's to-line result.  Small commercial new business of a $165 million was up 28%, the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Our workers compensation and market-leading  contributed equally to the result. I'm particularly pleased with the growth we're achieving across each of our small commercial distribution channels. New business from agents, payroll programs, alliances, and direct all delivered double-digit growth, and will meaningfully contribute to continued top-line performance. The breadth and depth of this distribution balance is unmatched by competitors. In middle large commercial, we produced a second consecutive excellent quarter with written premium growth of 18%. Middle-market new business of a 139 million was up 6% in the quarter, driven in large part by our industry verticals. Policy retention increased 8% or 8 points to 87%.  One of the strongest retention quarters in quite some time. We continue to balance the rate and retention trade-off, while maintaining disciplined risks underwriting, and leveraging our segmentation tools to drive profitable growth. Global Specialty produced another strong quarter with written premium growth of 14%. New business growth of 26% was equally impressive and retention remains strong in the mid-80s. In the quarter, the breadth of our written premium growth was led by 14% in wholesale and 19% in U.S. financial lines. Global Reinsurance also had an excellent quarter with written premium growth of 39%. Execution to fully leverage our expanded product portfolio these past 2 years has been excellent.  Across our franchise, we continue to further develop our operating routines with broader risk solutions to meet customer needs. As a proof point, third quarter cross-sell, new business premium between Global Specialty and middle and large commercial was $15 million. With this result, we have now exceeded our initial transaction goal of 200 million more than a year early. After years of development, our product portfolio has become a competitive strength and our execution will only get stronger. Let's move to pricing metrics. U.S. standard commercial lines pricing, excluding workers compensation was 6.5%, consistent with the second quarter. Middle-market ex-workers compensation price change of 8.1% was essentially flat to quarter 2 and continues to exceed loss cost trend.  In standard commercial workers compensation, renewal written pricing was in line with Quarter 2 at 1.2% Global Specialty renewal written price remains strong in the U.S. at 10% and international at 17%. Turning to commercial loss trends, our casually current equity year loss ratios are in line with expectations. It was a pretty quiet,  weather quarter in small commercial property. In addition, we continue to monitor the adverse impacts of supply chain disruptions on loss costs and expect property severity trends to be elevated for the rest of the year and into 2022. Earned pricing is still exceeding loss trends within most lines. And we remain confident in our full-year 2021 loss ratio expectations.  Before I move to personal lines, let me comment on the commercial pricing environment over the past 2 to 3 years. There's no question we've experienced a healthy pricing environment. And in several lines, one of the hardest markets I've experienced. The combination of these rate actions and disciplined underwriting decisions, are central drivers of our strong performance. Continued pressure from weather, supply chain, and inflation, leave me to believe that the current pricing environment will remain healthy well into 2022. Moving to personal lines, the third quarter underlying combine ratio rose 10.4 points to 91.8. Auto frequency is up with increasing vehicle trips and miles traveled, but still modestly below pre -pandemic levels.  Auto severity is elevated, driven in part by the rising cost of used cars, parts, and labor. These inflationary factors will continue to be an industry headwind as we expect them to persist into 2022. In home, we continue to experience favorable frequency versus our initial expectations. More than offsetting higher claims severity from elevated building material and labor costs. Turning to the topline, written premium declined 2%. Policy retention was relatively stable at 84% and new business premium was up 6% in the quarter.  This new business uptick occurred despite JD Power survey results concluding that auto insurance shopping rates among the 50 plus age segment remain 6% below a year ago. Our new business growth was driven by higher marketing spend and improved conversion rates. I'm pleased with this quarter's momentum. We're also encouraged by the early results from the launch of our new contemporary Personal Lines auto and home product prevail. Through the third quarter, written premium, responses and issue accounts are exceeding expectations. Both products are now available in 7 states. With our latest launch in early October, we also enhanced our Auto and Home bundling and telematics capabilities.  On the latter, we're excited to be partnering with the industry leader, Cambridge Mobile Telematics. This is an important change as we continue to augment our models based on driving behavior. The prevail product will be into more states over the next 90 days. Before turning the call back to Susan for Q&A, let me conclude with a few final thoughts. Property and casualty had an incredible quarter. Our commercial top line produced a second consecutive quarter of superior performance. Strong pricing is earning into the book driving lower current  year loss ratios.  Global Specialty is delivering strong execution and underwriting performance, and we continue to be excited about the launch of prevail and personal lines. We're clearly seeing the positive results of our multi-year roadmap with deeper and broader products, improved risk selection, and outstanding execution. This quarter is another demonstration of those capabilities. Our technology invest agenda has been significant and the results are clear and sustainable. I'm thrilled with our continued progress and look forward to sharing more details with our business heads in the November at Investor Day. Let me now turn the call back over to Susan.
Susan Spivak: Thank you. Will now take questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. . At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roost. Our first question will come from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the incremental side, magic millions of buybacks. I know it's a 2-year capital plan. So is that expected to come this year or next year? And then is that being funded just with higher dividend for HoldCo or are you holding a little bit less of a buffer or maybe a combination of both?
Chris Swift: Elyse, I'll start and then I'll ask Beth to add her commentary. As we sit here today, it's a sign of obviously increased confidence in our business performance. Our cash-generation, capabilities coming out of our Opcos that will eventually flow to the holding Company. We haven't relaxed any of our standards as far as our HoldCo liquidity, we still want to hold generally 1 times interest in -- the future interest in dividends. But it's more, as we sit here today and look at the performance of our businesses here in '21 heading into '22, we're highly confident in their performance and we took the action we did, but Beth, what would you add?
Beth Costello: Yes. What I would add is, as we think about the timing of the share repurchases, as you recall, under the 2.5 billion authorization, we had said that we anticipated a billion 5 in '21, with a billion in 2022. So increasing by 500 million
Susan Spivak: gives us the opportunity in 22 to be relatively consistent with 21. So we're not looking to significantly change the timing of what we had already laid out for 21. But again, as Chris said, as we look at underlying business performance and levels of capital at the holding Company, we felt this was the appropriate actions.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my second question on within your absolute year, underlying loss ratio improvement within commercial. How much pain rate and trend are within your commercial book? And then can you update us on what you're assuming for Wasz trend across your commercial book and has that changed recently?
Doug Elliot: Shirley, let me start, and Beth will fill around the edges for sure. As I mentioned, over 5 points of commercial loss improvement, you've got to adjust for COVID. So COVID is a point and a half of that change year-over-year. But then across our core lines, essentially, all of our lines are earning in positive rate. And so as I think about that, the adjustments and the variables that drive those changes are all coming from that positive current rate change, so I think it's sustainable as we look into the fourth quarter. We had a little bit good news on non-cap weather property primarily in small commercial, but the other lines CompGL, our specialty lines it's basically earn rate driving the improvement.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks for the call.
Operator: Our next question will come from Derek Han with KBW. Please go ahead.
Derek Han: Good morning. Thanks. My first question is on workers comp. One of your competitors talked about the competitive environment. Kind of driving rates to now really inflect until year-end 2022. Can you just talk about what kind of frequency and severity trends that you're seeing with wage inflation and the potential for medical inflation to pick up as well?
Doug Elliot: A few pieces to that question. I'd start by saying that the competitor environment as, into quarter 3 into 4 not a lot different than what we saw earlier part of the year. So I think a fairly consistent competitive environment. The comment about the 22 extension towards the end of the year, I think is a fair comment that we see based on the filings that are moving through state regulatory bodies now, do think we're looking towards the end of '22 to see a turn towards that positive sign that people have been expecting now for a couple of years.  I will remind you that our performance in these lines across our businesses, particularly small, excellent, so our workers comp performance continues to perform. And then relative to trends, yes, the long-term trend of frequency, favorable variances, we expect long-term to continue. We had a little bit of a period that will be unlike any other period prior because of pandemic. And yes, medical inflation has been rather tame the last couple of years, but our long-term expectations have not come off, right, which are in that five plus range for medical inflation, we see that long - term and we've not adjusted our fix because of that expectation.
Derek Han: Okay. That's really helpful. And then my second question is on the reserves. How are you feeling about the navigator's reserves? Given that your quarter away from maybe blowing through the top of the adverse cover. It looks like you had $400 million in adverse to loan there over the last few years.
Chris Swift: Derica, I'll start and just remind you that we purchased that adverse loss to recover for a reason. And it was part of our views of how we're going to finance the acquisition that again, I think turns out to be an absolute homerun as you heard from Doug, the improvement in our combined ratios, the improvement in product, the ability to cross-sell, all those additional capabilities that are now in the house. I think is tremendous. So again it was part of how we view that we were going to finance it and obviously it takes some tail risk off, but Beth what would you add?
Beth Costello: As I mentioned, the changes that we made this quarter were in  wholesale construction and and really just increase some of the tail factors that we had in that book. And overall, when I think about the navigators reserve and even think of the action that we took this quarter, with or without the ADC, relatively small movement when you think about the overall balance sheet and reserves that we have.
Derek Han: Got it. I appreciate all the color.
Operator: Our next question will come from Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Gary Ransom: Good morning. Regarding the aggregate cap reinsurance cover, I was wondering if you could help us understand where you are in terms of reaching the attachment point and how that might affect fourth quarter or limit for?
Beth Costello: Yeah. Gary, great question. So yes, we do have an aggregate cover that kicks in when losses that get seeing that cover exceeds $700 million and provides $200 million of protection. And so when you look at the cap losses that we've had through September 30th, we probably have about little less than $50 million to go, before we would start to hit that $700 million attachment point.
Gary Ransom: All right. Thank you very much. And then what leaves us  probably for Doug on this. The tourism market and how rates are worldwide stabilizing. If I compare how I was thinking about it, maybe even you were thinking about it earlier in the year that we will see some deceleration of those rates. It's actually seeming to have leveled out a bit more and there may be a lot of different factors involved in that. But do you have a view on what is causing that? And I assume that's part of the reason you think it's flowing into 22 or deeper into 22.
Doug Elliot: Gary, I agree with you, right, so far. Looking at the core of our guaranteed cost non-specialty book, I would describe Q3 as very stable compared to earlier in the year and within our expectations, for the reasons you suggest. We look at property drivers and the weather. We think about the inflation risk, supply chain. I mentioned them in my script. I think that those types of factors will be further drivers to make sure that we, as underwriters, are covering our cost of a risk. And so that would be my commentary around the core-guaranteed cost, non-specialty book.  And then in the Specialty area, where we've seen rather dramatic changes in the pricing, the last couple of  dramatic in the sense of positive. Yes, there's been some moderation, but I think as correlating to improve price adequacy in those books of business in those particular lines. So I think in total, not major surprises, but I do think these threat factors are relative to particularly whether in the property area and supply chain and others will keep prices where they are. We see a steady as you go for a period of time now.
Gary Ransom: All right, that's helpful. Thank you.
Doug Elliot: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much. Still, I'm looking at the growth rate in Global Re and internationally. Now, when you talked about the navigators acquisition, you want to increase your shelf space and a lot of your producing agents and whatnot, but international and Global Re kind of fall out of the firewall, having a complete shelf of products. What are the strategies in those 2 sub-segments? But what do you hope to achieve and how does this fit in with your business model?
Doug Elliot: I'd start with Global RE, it's really a niche segment for us. It's a small group of very seasoned thoughtful underwriters selective in their portfolio matching. This is a smaller quarter for them, so the 39 you have to put in context, but it's been a successful group. They have added to our risk expertise here within the place. And we're very pleased about their approach and their success. So I see them very much a part of our strategy, but a little bit separate from our primary focus on Global RE.  And then relative to international, our stated mission the first couple of years, was absolutely to regain our contribution to shareholder success, if you are right. We have had a very disappointing couple of years of performance internationally. Not unlike others in the  marketplace. And so we've worked hard at that and now feel much better about our financial performance. And as we look forward, we're exploring and debating amongst ourselves about how we grow that portfolio. So I'm bullish about the future.  Really pleased that we have the past behind us and I think we have a very solid platform to work from. And obviously it is a specialty platform. Not unlike most of our competitors in the Lloyd's marketplace, but we were talking across our product families about what we can do there. And I think an area that we'll talk more to you about over time.
Josh Shanker: All right. And then on personal lines. Obviously, it's a real tough period for auto right now with the reopening and used car prices. How should I think about the loss ratio content on new business being  under the new underwriting model, where you're not stuck with the business compared to the previous relationship with AARP, where you kind of hand to be sure, order pick up a customer. Should the new business have a lower loss ratio than the legacy business or a higher loss ratio?
Doug Elliot: Well, I would start by answering your question saying, we have spent a lot of time with our pricing approach state-by-state as we've launched these new products, and probably slightly different answers, bi-state based on where we are and what we see as the opportunities in the given states. So I would not jump to the fact that we see and expect lower loss ratios in the new than we do in our current book. We have a very solid season book that continues to season out. And over time, that has been and will continue to be a significant contributor to our earnings, but we're excited about what we can do with this new product platform. It is much more contemporary; its got features as underwriters we like a lot.  And obviously I've talked to you about what we're doing with the auto space, with our Telematics program. So, as I think about the new launch of prevail in time that will continue to be a key driver of our profits. That will be increasing as we roll through the rest of the country in 2022 with rollouts. At the moment, it's rather immature and we're watching the early stage and so I think it's too early to call, but excited about early progress.
Josh Shanker: And that's --
Chris Swift: Josh, it's Chris.
Josh Shanker: -- Yeah.
Chris Swift: And again, Doug described it well. I will just add. Again, remember part of the inherent strategy there is to serve AARP members in the 50's, particularly in the 50- to 65-year-old. So our base plans, our base rates in the various states that we do expect a broader population set to underwrite. But again, given the flexibility we have with 6 months policies, no lifetime continuity agreements, meaning they're not guaranteed renewable. Is it does give us I think added flexibility, to experiment in various class -- various states.
Josh Shanker: And is the new product, direct or multi-channel?
Chris Swift: It's direct right AARP dedicated. I mean, you've seen our agency business, it's very small compared to where it was years ago, but this is our direct inter-consumer channel.
Josh Shanker: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Zirinski with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Mike Zirinski: Great. Happy Friday. Good morning. I guess just sticking out as a follow-up to Josh's questions, since your portfolio mix is still a little different than many it appears we follow in terms of demographics. And your results in auto are still good. Just curious, are you looking to push a lot more rate there or is it given the inflationary trends or how should we think about kind of rate versus potential loss trend over the coming year or so? I think in your commentary, it sounds like we should be baking in some continued pressure.
Doug Elliot: Mike, that's fair. I would say that we are satisfied with our financial return in that business. Very solid rate adequacies. basically strong across-the-board. But we're not immune from the risks in supply chain and used auto prices, etc., that the industry is facing. So we are active on the pricing front. We are working state-by-state across the country. We have more flexibility as Chris enumerated relative to prevail. But even in our current product construct, I would say it's an active product area upstairs working. What we think are the supply chain issues that we're going to be facing into 2022 as we work through that here. So yes, active on the actuarial front.
Mike Zirinski: Okay, great. Switching gears, maybe just kind of to workers comp and maybe stepping back to see the forest for the trees a bit so. Some investors have focused on kind of the soft pricing environment for a while which might be improving. But I guess workers comp results have really been excellent. It looks like much better than expected for years now, despite the pricing, maybe you can kind of talk to what's been driving the loss cost trends. What specifically has been much better than expected over the over the recent years, especially for some of the older vintages?
Doug Elliot: I can't give you all of our secret sauce away. That would be a good day for other people listening, but I will share this with you. We have a very sophisticated shares of pricing modules across our markets. I think we work -- workers compensation and think about strategy and think about segmentation in deep geographic cells, industry cells, etc. So what we do down in the valves of our business, really strong fundamentals relative to workers
Doug Elliot: compensation. I will share with you and, you know this well that the trends have been rather moderate over the past 5 to 6 years, right? So understanding that, as we talked before, medical severity has been pretty moderate these last 3 to 5 years. Generally, the long-term frequency numbers are in good shape, but our performance has, I would say, exceeded those tailwinds. And when I think about our execution on the frontlines and the combination of our data science, data analytics inside this Company, the use of third-party data. There's just a lot of competitors strength that we think drive our success in workers' comp. And I think those are here for the long term and getting better every quarter.
Chris Swift: Doug again, I know we talked about it internally. I would just add, Mike, our ability to interface with our agents and brokers in a just a more efficient way these days, given our digital capabilities that we've built. I think does provide a competitive advantage for agents or other forms of distributions to interact with us on an easier basis with great data fast turnaround time. So the competitive advantage that Doug talked about from the analytical side, I think is equally matched with our go-to-market digital capabilities.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tracy M GT for the Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tracy M: Thank you. Good morning. Your underlying margin expansion in commercial lines is quite impressive and I appreciate the color of earned rate, ahead of trend. Just another question there. Could you comment on the direction of your 2021 access year loss pick. How does that compare to 2020 and your 5-year out rates?
Doug Elliot: So Tracy, let me start our -- when we think about current actual year picks and maybe just refer you to the supplement because we've got a year-to-date in the supplement. Our numbers underlying on the loss side are really strong. So if you look at nine months of '21 versus nine months of '20, I think they're very healthy and that really does guide back to the thoughts of Beth has shared a bit ago about stronger in pricing as a result of written pricing in 2020 and 2021. So we're encouraged.  The other thing that we have not talked about on the call this morning. There's still a number of actions we're taking relative to segmentation and industry focus, across our businesses that are contributing to that number. So I know in our mill and large commercial book Moore Tucker and his team have a number of initiatives that are also drivers of improving performance. So, a lot is of happening in the core underwriting, but some of those drivers are, in addition to what I would describe, very positive pricing trends.
Chris Swift: I would add just to Tracy 's comment. There's nothing fundamentally that's changed in our philosophy of how we'd like to be thoughtful, predictable, consistent with loss picks, with anything related to our business. So Tracy, I mean, we have a great deal of pride in being very consistent and predictable. So that's the only color I would add. Yeah.
Doug Elliot: I would agree with that, Chris and maybe just as a closure, in two weeks when we're together on Investor Day, one of the initiatives of that day is to take you inside and to give you a sense of how different our competing engine is today than it was five years ago. And there are a lot of things we've done organically, which we will highlight on the 16th. And there are things that we've been able to do with the addition of some more product on the Specialty side. So it's hard, I know we go quarter-to-quarter with you folks. We're going to attempt to spend some time in the 16th to look back, and give you a sense of why our optimism is as strong as it is, with our Company going forward.
Tracy M: Looking forward to seeing that journey in Investor Day. I also will follow up on the auto pricing front comments. I guess in those efforts with rate filing, I just want to get a better sense of when you think earn rate will be needing higher loss trend in those efforts. Would we see that inflection point next year in 2022 or 2023?
Doug Elliot: Tracy well, . Thanks. Is that a commercial or personal lines comment?
Tracy M: Personal audit. But I just understand there's a delay with some regulator and actually getting those filings through since it wasn't that long ago they were thinking about rebate. Just that process of getting the rate filings improved and in the meantime, you just have accumulation of loss trend. So I just wanted to know when you think that will all come together.
Doug Elliot: Yeah. So the executive date is going to be hard to predict, but let me just start with where we were 15 months ago. One of the things we did not do, was to tinker with our new business pricing in the second quarter of 2020. So when we return money to customers, we did that based on kind of an in-force rate of return and did not change our appetite or our pricing a new going forward. I think that has provided a much more stable, profitable base that is not changed but we obviously, because of driving habits changing radically in the second quarter of 2020, we return money is appropriately given that.  But I'd start with the premise that our book remains intact and feeling very healthy about it. Second point I'd make is that to answer that question, you'd have to talk about and predict the supply chain dynamic. And that is very difficult to do, right? So we suggested, we think some of the Kingston supply, the pressures we're feeling, the labor dynamic, unemployment, etc. are all feeding into this. We think those trends will continue in to '22. I hope they will ease as we get into the middle part of '22, but that is an ongoing component.  And then lastly, really is a state-by-state dynamics. So it's so hard for me to suggest, we look across our states, some states that we're filing in the next 30 days or some states we have filed in the last 100 days that we won't be filing for another 3, 6 months. So it is a very active process and we do think supply chain will ease a bit, but we don't think that will happen in the short-term, so we expect to kind of live on through the current conditions as we see them and as we move into the latter half of '22, we'll get to a better spot.
Tracy M: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Good morning. Question around -- well, first great to see the repurchase authorization go up, but also curious with the M&A environment. Are you seeing any opportunities, any areas where you'd like to get bigger? Could that eventually preclude some of this upward authorization? What are you thinking about M&A and how that might play out over the next 2 years?
Chris Swift: Andrew, thanks for the question. Yeah. We've -- I think been pretty consistent of late that -- it's just a low priority, principally because I think our portfolio of capabilities, products, is robust and we want to mature that, grow at organically and focus on the activities more from an organic mindset as opposed to M&A. So I just consistently shared with you and others its just a low priority, and that's why, again, where we feel inappropriate to make a repurchase commitment through the end of '22 with that $500 million increase.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks, Chris. And then just moving over to the Group Benefits business. Looks like you had a real solid on ongoing premiums growth of 4% in the third quarter. It seems to be steadily moving up. What products are driving that you've seen movement in voluntary products and can you sustain that growth rate because it's very compelling if we could just get out of the COVID and just continue to see these really nice underlying benefits ratios?
Doug Elliot: I believe we can, Andrew. We've I think demonstrated that consistently during the year as we have been recovering from COVID. So I think the opportunity, particularly as more people come back into full-time employment or part-time employment, with a little wage inflation that's occurring in most industries. I think that sets up well and as I was trying to say in my commentary that the environment for Group Benefits broadly defined is very healthy. Our highest growing product line is our voluntary product set that we've built over the last five years.  So we are really pleased with all the critical illness hospital SAP products that we have at our disposal now. So that is a deep growth area. And then I would just give you one last point, Andrew. I think people's attitudes, meaning employees attitude to benefits has changed. I think they're more focused on it, given what we're living through. I think they're more thoughtful about thinking about risk and protection they need for themselves or their families. So I think there's a broad awakening of benefit type products and voluntary products that is occurring across America.
Andrew Kligerman: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a couple of questions both on workers comp and I think first on pricing and workers comp. Everyone's been expecting prices to go up next year for the last couple of years, but hasn't happened yet. And wondering if you could comment on is that because of competitor behavior or is it because the pushback from the state? And what gives you the confidence that things might actually turn at some point in 2022?
Doug Elliot: Jimmy, so I'd start by saying that the overall performance line is pretty solid. And that would be my place to start. Secondly, you now have a COVID year entering its way into most dates its three-year experience period. So actually year 20 is now becoming part of the experience period and actually year 20 has a period of time relative to frequency where people were home and frequency rates were very favorable. So with that entry into the experience period, we're going to see some downward pressure on pricing.  That is why the later in '22 toward the end of the year into '23, we're going to feel those headwinds in workers comp, and I think others have talked about it, but it's just where the market is right now and why I'm so pleased that our performance continues to be strong. And we will make sure that we're working for labors that we have here to be thoughtful about our underwriting and risk taking throughout '22.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. And then as you think about margins and workers comp, I think in the past, there have been cases when the economy is running pretty hard. You see a pick up and losses. Sometimes it doesn't seem like that's happened this time around. But if you could comment on what you've seen in that respect and whether that's a concern as you're looking at the economy, overall.
Doug Elliot: We're certainly watching that carefully or watching frequency because just as you described, sometimes when you see a pickup in the economy, you'll have less experienced workers on the job that may lead to injuries and injuries obviously are a driver in worker's compensation. So as I reflected both in the second quarter and third quarter are frequencies are in healthy shape, but it is a high watch item for us. And if we see something we will, we will share that with you and deal with that in our numbers. But right now, fairly quiet.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. And just lastly, on the group business, on the non COVID mortality being high, you could talk about whether you think that's more of an anomaly or could that be a trend given that more younger people are being affected overall, which obviously affects your book more so than was the case initially.
Doug Elliot: Jimmy, the non - COVID mortality has been very bouncy over the last 6 quarters. So I don't see a trend per se just given what we've seen in the data. I think the anecdotal view is during COVID, particularly the early days, there might have been lack of people seeing their health care providers for routine healthcare, whether it be annual physicals, normal checks and screenings. We have seen, particularly in this quarter, when we're with that elevated non - COVID mortality, little bit more heart stroke cancer causes of death that seem to indicate maybe a second order effect with COVID and people not taking care of themselves. But beyond that, it's been very bouncy. That's all I'll say, so I don't think it's trend able at this point.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question and allowing the call to go a little longer. I wanted to also just ask about the group benefits, the adverse mortality this quarter. I was wondering if you could just give a break down how much of it was IBNR versus actual reported deaths in the third quarter. And then relate it with, and I know there's a lot of uncertainty here. It's hard to predict. But as of now, the  estimates that total COVID mortality will remain near a 100,000 deaths in the fourth quarter. If it does, in fact, stay that high, would you expect similar sensitivity as in 3Q, or I guess how should we think about the puts and takes there?
Chris Swift: Happy to take your question, David. It's important to get you and Tom some answers. So let me just give you a context on sort of mortality here. How we approach it is, obviously, we have a great deal of data and history in this area that sort of complete our lag studies to make an estimate of sort of incurred but not reported debts during the quarter. Obviously, with the COVID happening, we've overlaid CDC data into our analysis to obviously see their trends both on a COVID and non - COVID factor.  So that's the blending of those two came up in essence with our conclusion for this quarter. At the end of the quarter, I would share with you, July was fairly developed, meaning you could have a higher degree of confidence on the ultimates that we see in July. A little less so in August and September is the freshest month and that's the one that's the most challenged to sort of predict the future. When you put it all together, though, for the quarter of the incurred losses that we have, 53% of it is still held in IBNR.
Chris Swift: So if that's the data point you are looking for, I think the other point that you referenced is I would share with you the more desks and under 65-year-old is really driving up our severity. And if you look at severity on a 9-month basis this year compared to 9-month basis last year. Our severity is there up 49%, which tells us, again, younger age cohorts, higher insured value, active lives at work. When we look at sort of regions, in the region that sort of stands out for us is the Southeast. Yeah. They are experiencing the most elevated from historical expectation side. So as you say, the fourth quarter.  Actually it's got some data out there, there's a lot of data out there. I would just share with you and all my years in the life business. It's been most difficult to get our arms around a model that really effectively predicts this. Some models are high, some are low. You've seen our experienced even this year where first quarter we were significantly overestimated on our IBNR. So I'm going to refrain from making any predictions both on frequency and severity because there's a wide range of outcomes. What I would share though is that we do have some FD friendly events coming up in December and we'll provide our analysts and investors a view of where we see fourth quarter mortality going.  You might even ask, what about 22? '22 is even harder to predict. So when we're back together in February, we'll give you our best thinking, but as we sit here today, I think these next two quarters could still have some lingering quota effects that will emerge in everyone's numbers.
David Motemaden: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks, Chris. I appreciate that detail. And totally understand there is a lot of uncertainty and you're not alone in terms of predicting the impact, obviously, so. If I could just switch gears and sneak one more in for Doug. I just wanted to ask. It looks like, in small commercial, you talked about underlying loss ratios, ex-COVID, actually improving. Could you talk about the drivers there because I had thought that was a place where pricing was under a little bit more pressure. So is that more a benefit of just wage inflation coming through or something else?
Doug Elliot: I think about small commercial year-over-year in the quarter. I mentioned we had a pretty good non-cat quarter, weather quarter, so. We have some good news in loss ratio there and then yes to your question on workers comp our experience has been favorable there. We're slightly outperforming our expectations around pricing in small. So that's against our -- where we thought we would be through the third quarter. Obviously, that's in the books right now. But in general I still feel good about our calls.  We've not come off our severity calls, our indemnity calls, and encouraged by what we see in the performance of the line. So I don't think there's a major story there, but it's just another really solid performance by our small commercial Company.
David Motemaden: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Susan Spivak for any closing remarks.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Matt. We appreciate you all joining us this morning for the review of the third quarter earnings. As a reminder, our Virtual Investor Conference is on November 16th, from 1:00 to 4:00 PM. And you can register right on our website. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 14:15:07) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Hartford Financial Results Webinar. My name is Harry, and I'll be coordinating your call today.  I'll now hand over to your host, Ms. Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations to begin. Ms. Susan Spivak, please go ahead.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Harry. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today for our call and webcast on second quarter 2021 earnings. Last night, we reported results and posted all of the earnings-related materials on our website. For the call today our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer and Doug Elliot, President.
Chris Swift: Thank you for joining us this morning. Last quarter, I shared that I had never been more excited about the future of The Hartford. Our second quarter results support that optimism. All the components of our strategy are coming together to deliver growth, margin expansion and operating efficiencies. In the second quarter, we reported core earnings of $836 million or $2.33 per diluted share, 8% growth in year-over-year diluted book value per share, excluding AOCI and a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 13.1%. In addition, we returned $694 million to shareholders in the quarter from share repurchases and common dividends. The outstanding financial performance of The Hartford reflects strong execution and success of our strategy to focus on high return businesses where we have market leadership and sustainable competitive advantages. Economic growth, as measured by GDP, reached a record level in the second quarter. And while moderation is expected, the overall trend will remain elevated through 2021. This economic expansion will grow the premium base of our employment-centric businesses and other lines as they benefit from job creation and new business formations. Meanwhile, we are closely monitoring the recent elevated inflation data and remain confident that our loss ratio assumptions are sufficient against this backdrop in 2021. At the same time, we are considering pricing actions as we gauge inflation trends going forward.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Overall, we are very pleased with the results for the quarter and our progress on our priorities to enhance value creation for shareholders. Second quarter core earnings were $836 million or $2.33 per diluted share and up 91% from last year. We had strong performance across all our businesses, excellent investment results and significantly lower COVID losses, as compared to the prior year period. In P&C, the combined ratio of 88.5 improved 8.4 points from the second quarter of 2020, including improvements in both the loss and expense ratios. The expense ratio in the quarter improved by 220 basis points to 31%, reflecting earned premium growth as well as cost savings from Hartford Next and a lower provision for doubtful accounts. In Commercial Lines, we produced an excellent underlying combined ratio of 89.4, which included ex-COVID loss ratio improvement in Middle & Large Commercial and in Global Specialty and expense ratio improvement across all businesses.
Doug Elliot: Thanks, Beth, and good morning, everyone. Six months into the year, I couldn't be prouder of our performance. Within Property and Casualty, we're meeting or exceeding expectations on nearly all our key financial metrics. In the second quarter, Property and Casualty produced an outstanding underlying combined ratio of 89.2. Premium growth accelerated in commercial. Pricing remains strong and ahead of loss trends for most product lines and early results from the lunch of our new personal lines product were encoring. As Beth mentioned commercial lines produced a stealer underwriting combined ratio of $89.4 with year-over-year improvement in the both loss and expense ratios, before providing more color on commercial pricing and loss trends let me spend a few minutes on top line performance. Small commercial written premium increased 11%, as anticipated we are benefiting from an improving economy with increases in payroll and wages contributing to the quarter's top line results. New business of a 170 million was up 44% as we had our second consecutive exceptional quarter. Our top products spectrum continuous to drive our new business success, this industry leading contemporary offering achieved record new business of 75 million or 52% growth over prior year. In addition small commercial achieved important underwriting efficiency milestones during the quarter. In June, 75% of quotes were bind the bill with little or no touch underwriting a material increase over just two years ago. This is a key driver of growth as the yield on bindable business is particularly strong, and the efficiency leverage is equally important. The sophistication of our proprietary pricing model gives us confidence in the quality of our bindable business and is reflected in Small Commercial's underlying profitability. Middle & Large Commercial accelerated into the second quarter, producing superior written premium growth of 20%. Middle Market new business of $147 million, up 48%, was at its highest level in two years. I'm particularly pleased we achieved this result while maintaining underwriting discipline, as measured by our pricing metrics and risk scores. Policy retention in Middle Market increased four points to 82%, while maintaining disciplined risk by risk underwriting decisions using our increasingly refined segmentation tools. Like Small Commercial, increased payroll and rising wages contributed to the second quarter Middle & Large Commercial premium growth of 20%. Global Specialty produced another strong quarter with written premium growth of 16%. New business growth of 27% was equally impressive and retention is up significantly from prior year. In the quarter, the breadth of our written premium growth was led by 25% in wholesale and 18% in U.S. Financial Lines. Global Reinsurance also had an excellent quarter with written premium growth of 26%. As I've mentioned previously, cross-sell activities are an important component of our growth strategy. During the quarter, cross-sell new business premium between Global Specialty and middle market was 28 mill or 11% of related new business sold by these segments. Since the navigators acquisition this effort has delivered 185 million in new business and is on pace to eclipse. Our initial goal of 200 million a year early. We now have close to 2,500 accounts with policies that record premium in both metal market and global specially. We're also particularly encouraged by the success of our industry specialization strategy built both organically and through the navigators acquisition, for example the acquired retail access and U.S. Financial Lines are significant contributors to our cross sell execution. The combined new business growth from these two lines has increased more than 50% since the acquisition. After years of development, we view our product breadth as a competitive strength. Let's move on to pricing metrics. U.S. standard lines and Global Specialty commercial pricing, excluding workers' compensation, was 9.2% of market. Middle Market compensation price change of 8.2, although down 1.1 points, continue to see loss trend and then reflect improved profitability performance. In the workers' compensation, renewal re-pricing was 1% in the quarter, a key indicator to future pricing include the impact of the 2020 pandemic trends on 2022 loss cost filings. We will be closely monitoring these filings in the coming months on a state-by-state basis. Global Specialty renewal written price remained strong in the U.S. at 11% and international at 24%. All in, I'm very pleased with our pricing this quarter. Turning to commercial loss trends. The second quarter current accident year loss ratio was largely in line with expectations. We are intensely watching inflation and have been particularly dialed in to recent building repair costs and rising wage trends. Within large commercial property, small commercial recorded a few large fire losses in the quarter. And in Global Specialty international, we incurred a large offshore energy loss. Both were within a normal range of expected volatility. Overall, Middle Market property loss ratios were slightly favorable to expectations in the quarter. Favorable claim frequency was partially offset by an increase in severity related to labor and material costs. While we believe property severity trends may be slightly elevated for the rest of the year-on-year.ar, we remain confident in our initial full year Middle Market property loss ratio expectation. Shifting to workers' compensation. The economic recovery is driving wage growth for our worker population. This wage growth translates into higher premiums and wage replacement benefits. Generally speaking, the net impact is a minor improvement in the workers' compensation loss ratio. Combining earned pricing and loss trends. I'm pleased with the continued strong current accident year performance. In the quarter, the Commercial Lines underlying x COVID loss ratio was 57%, 1.3 points better than Q2 of last year. Let's now turn to Personal Lines. As expected, the second quarter underlying combined ratio rose 7.5 points to 88.2. Auto frequency is elevating with increasing vehicle trips and miles traveled, but our book is still favorable to pre-pandemic levels. As expected, home losses were higher versus a very strong prior year. Overall, we had favorable claims frequency in the quarter, which was offset by higher claim severity driven by modestly higher-than-expected large x-CAT fire losses and a provision for elevated building material and labor costs. Written premium declined 5% after adjusting for both the second quarter 2020 extended billing grace period and the $80 - $81 million refund. According to J.D. Power, auto shopping rates amongst the 50-plus age segment are down approximately 5% from third quarter 2020 when they first initiated the survey. Persistency of the shopping trend may continue to pressure new business growth for our customer base. However, increased marketing spend in the quarter drove June new business premium above expectations, and policy retention was up one point as compared to prior year. We're also encouraged by the early results from the launch of our new contemporary Personal Lines auto and home product prevail. Through the second quarter, yield, average issued premium and policy counts all met or exceeded expectations. Both products are now available in Arizona and Illinois. Seven additional states, along with advanced capabilities will be online by year-end, and we remain confident in our long-term growth plan for personal lines. Before turning the call back to Susan for questions and answers, let me conclude. Property and Casualty achieved another outstanding quarter. Our top line outperformed, providing confidence we will achieve our commercial lines 4% to 5% multi-year CAGR guidance. Strong pricing is earning into the book driving lower current accident loss ratios, and the expense ratio continues to benefit from our ongoing Hartford Next initiatives. We are seeing the positive results of our multi-year road map with deeper and broader products, improved risk selection and outstanding execution. I'm thrilled with our continued progress and look forward to updating you in 90 days. Let me now turn the call back over to Susan.
Susan Spivak: Thanks, Doug. Operator, we'll take questions now.
Operator: Thank you. Susan. Our first question comes from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Greg, your line up. Youre open now if you would like to ask your question.
Greg Peters: The first question is the outlook for growth in commercial lines. You provided a lot of detail around pricing and retention and the new business successes you've had in the different areas of commercial lines. But Chris, I think in your comments, you said growth - you said moderation is expected. So I guess I'm trying to reconcile what was a really strong second quarter and a positive outlook with those comments.
Chris Swift: Yes. I think the context of that, Greg, was in relation to GDP. So I was speaking that GDP is running, what, 8%, 9%, probably 9% here. And then I do expect some moderation in, I'll call it, the macro numbers. But as Doug said in his comments, and I'll let him also comment here, is that we're still very bullish on our ability to grow in that 4% to 5% compounded written premium growth over the outlook period through 2022. So, we're not backing off from that. In fact, we're probably even a little bit more bullish as we sit here today than we were 90 days ago. But Doug, what would you add?
DougElliot: I would just add Greg that, when you look at small, and I'll do small and middle separate, we had nice TIF growth in the small segments, so 2.5 to 3 points of TIF growth quarter-to-quarter. We've been on a positive pricing trend for a couple of months. What we had the benefit of in the quarter is a little extra win behind us relative to auto premium so that's driving inside the 11, several extra points of boost, but I don't want to minimize at all the tests and the pricing movement and the new business success we're seeing in small. And then on the middle front, probably have a little bit more boost from auto premiums, so the 20 is a bit outsized relative to longer term expectations, but still terrific new business quarter, pricing is strong. We expect pricing trends to remain solid and strong, and so I'm bullish about where we're headed going forward. I just would point out that we had a compare to second quarter 2020 that probably won't repeat itself in Q3 and Q4.
Greg Peters: That makes sense. I guess my follow-up question would be, in the personalized business. Obviously inflation is high on everyone's list. The courts are reopening. There's cost pressure, and then there's the added pressure from increasing miles frequency. And I was just wondering if you could comment in the context of your second quarter results would you seeing sequential deterioration in some of these markets as you move through the quarter, so that when we get to the third quarter, we might see some continuous erosion as a result of some of the factors I mentioned.
Chris Swift: So specifically the personalized, what I shared on my comments and I can I elaborate a little bit more here is that, our auto book is seeing increased miles driven, but not yet had pre-COVID, pre-pandemic levels, right. So we're still slightly better than we were in 2019 as we look through the COVID period, we are conscious of repair costs, we're conscious of all of the dynamics that go into our cost of goods sold, and we think we've made appropriate provisions in our recording of our reserves for second quarter. But yes, we are watching that intensely relative to inflation pressures. Relative to homeowners, I did comment that we also made applicable provisions for labor and material costs. We saw some of those spikes earlier in the year, particularly in the early part of the second quarter, into the mid-second quarter. As we listen to the inflationary expectations, we expect some of those trends will be with us into the third quarter, fourth quarter, but I think that given our trends, our expectations that you're having changed materially and we're on top of our selections and I think we're in good shape as we move into Q3.
Greg Peters: Just as a follow-up on that Doug. When we talk about homeowners, a lot of the premium levels are set off of replacement costs. Is this - do the inflationary pressures, are they causing any go back and reset what the replacement costs are for your existing enforcer. Maybe you can walk me through how you approach that.
DougElliot: Yes. We have an estimator that deals with replacement costs and we now on a state by state basis are going back resetting that, building that into our pricing going forward. So the book does work 60, 90 days in advance, but we have been working on those discussions since earlier part of the summer as these spikes were not going to go away. So yes, we are moving insurance value adjustments across our homeowners' base and policies.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. David, your line will be open now, if you'd like to proceed with your question.
David Motemaden: I just had a question for Doug on the commercial lines underlying loss ratio ex-CAT. Solid improvement in the quarter. The 1.3 points kind of slowed a bit versus the level of improvement we saw last quarter, which was over two points, I guess, could you sort of walk through why, you know obviously still impressive margin improvement but why it decelerated, and how you're feeling about reaching the two points of underlying loss ratio improvement target for 2021?
Doug Elliot: Yes, I would say consistent, favorable direction moves on loss ratio. I did mention a couple areas we had volatility and property, so if you think about small commercial and international global specially, a little bit in the quarter volatility that was working against that improvement, but yes, I'm still confident in the long term trend and feel like our experts are all over our reserve pics.
David Motemaden: And then maybe just a follow up question on personal lines. So, good to see some of the initiatives here. I'm just kind of looking at the TIF growth and I don't think you know we've seen TIF growth in the last five or six years. I guess I'm wondering if you can share with us some milestones you have for growth and things that we can track and maybe how you're thinking about potential alternatives for that business if some of the growth initiatives don't translate to higher growth.
Doug Elliot: So why don't I start and then Chris and Beth however you want to come over the top. Ill start by saying that we had concluded several years back that we had to go through a major upgrade of our contemporary product right, so that is now just dropping into the marketplace. The early signs are positive as expected. The reason we move to two states is we wanted to test heavily two states before we drop the next one. So, in terms of major milestones by year end, an additional seven states as I talked about, and then by the end of '22 will be an all-state, so pretty aggressive next 15 months rollout program. We will watch state by state to make corrections as we go forward but, you know, we're very excited about the components. We have basically rebuilt every bit of this chassis from the product to the way it's delivered to the digital capabilities to be serviced. We think we've listened hard to our customers, which primarily are in that plus 50 set. They have helped us design that. Again the early reaction and results are positive, so long way to go, but we think this leads us to attract a profitable growth. We've shared those expectations and I sit here today and don't feel any different about our long term path. Beth or Chris?
ChrisSwift: I think you summarized it well. David, I think strategically, we're giving ourselves at least a couple of years after we were fully rolled out in all 50 states to really make an assessment, can we compete with our differentiated product offerings. Our hypothesis going in is yes, we have a strong brand in personal lines. We have a wonderful endorsement from AARP. We have unique features in how we serve this market segment. It's a demographic that's growing. As I said in my commentary, we have a new 10-year contract with the AARP that really modernizes the whole relationship and how we go to market. So I think it's an investment worth making. Obviously, that's why we did what we did. But I think the - post 2022 when we're really more proactive, Doug, in all 50 states would be the ultimate time period to watch our PIF count start to grow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Ransom from Dowling & Partners. Gary, your line will be open now, if you would love to proceed with your question.
Gary Ransom: Regarding the gap between rate and loss trend. I wanted to ask not so much about the size of the gap, but where we are in the cycle of that gap? And looking at small middle specialty separately how many years do you think we're into the period where rates have been ahead of loss trend? I realize it might be a better answer by line, but I was kind of thinking about the three segments that you have as well?
Chris Swift: Gary, I actually do think about the answer by segment, I think that small commercial pricing curve is very different, at least it is different in our book of business. We've had an extended period of outstanding returns. So the rate need has not been as clear there. We basically have been rate adequate for an extended period. I want trend, but Gary, a much more moderated cycle and small. The other side of the coin will be to flip into some of these specialty areas that have had significant rate need. And I would call that we're entering to me, Q9, Q10 of that. This really started picking up pace in the second quarter of 2019. And it had some positivity before that. But really eight very strong quarters, from my opinion, in areas that drastically needed that. And we've talked quite at length about some of those drivers of that. And then in the middle, our Middle Market, where you have the cross-section of auto GL property, each of those lines has their own story. We've had, as an industry, very disappointing property results over an extended period, and weather has been a part of it and so have other dynamics. We've had a commercial auto loss ratio and the industry that's been very stubborn. So those lines also have been on seven, eight quarters of positive rate movement. I think there's still more work to be done in that Middle Market area, and I don't think that's a hate comment. I think that's a market comment. I can only see what I can see. But - so I answered your question in three ways. I still think this market has some legs. And as we look at our book, yes, we are much more rate adequate in general across segments of our book, but we also have smaller segments that need some work, and we intend to get after that work as we move through the latter half of 2021.
Beth Costello: Gary, you of all people know, given your views in writings, the impact, particularly in casualty lines of social inflation is real. So as we talk internally, the need to continue to push for more rate, just knowing that the long-term trends have not been in our favor, whether it be in courts, whether it be in financial lines, whether it be in other casualty related exposures. And then you can't forget that the 10 years at 1.3% these days. So clearly, we've been talking about it for a long time. We're in a lower for longer period of time. We just need a greater contribution from our underwriting component to fuel our returns, and that's what we intend to do.
Gary Ransom: Thank you for that answer. If I could ask a question on a different topic. In group, where you showed the excess mortality, and if I put back the excess mortality that you said developed from Q1, I can revise the trends to about $125 million roughly in Q1 in excess going to 88 in Q2. And when I look at the CDC data, it looks like it's just falling off a lot more than that. And maybe thats apples - not apples-on-apples, but can you comment about what's going on there? Is it your decline - you're not really seeing that as much decline there?
Chris Swift: Yes. In the dollars, I would say you're right. I mean if you look at it from dollars, but if you are tracking deaths, which I know you are, like we are, I mean the drop is significant. It's - from its peak, I calculated down close to 75%. What I said in my commentary, Gary, is that severity is up, so that if you look at the number of death claims, the average amounts that we're paying, it's up from the beginning of the pandemic fairly significantly, and it's up from the second quarter. I would say we probably had eight or nine large losses above $1 million this quarter. When anyone - we probably had more than that. That was just in June. So we probably had 15 or 20 large losses when you really expect for a month. So you put it all together. And when the younger folks' mortalities increased significantly; working age, they tend to carry larger face amounts, and we're seeing that come through in the dollars. But as I ultimately tried to foreshadow is that, and we've been talking about this consistently, is that the first half of 2021 and the second half is going to be dramatically different. So deaths - daily deaths are continuing to be down, and we do feel a lessening impact of excess mortality in the second half of the year.
Beth Costello: The only thing I'd add to that, too, Gary, if you're looking at COVID deaths, just remind you that when we talk about excess mortality, it's all-in excess. It's not just that that have a cause of death that says COVID. And so when we look through our numbers, part of the reason for the - a large part of the revision for first quarter is that that excess non-COVID came in much more favorably than we had anticipated. Our COVID losses came in a little bit better as well, but that was driving the revision. And when we provided our provision for second quarter, we're assuming some of that excess mortality that we anticipated in the first quarter would be there. So when you look through it, the COVID losses that are truly coded as COVID are coming down. It's that excess piece, which, as you know, has been hard to predict. So it's not just for us.
Chris Swift: The first, that's a great point, Beth. Thank you for the clarification. The theory could be, Gary that we just had less flu deaths than we seasonally, sort of, expected in the numbers. But clearly, there was a first quarter benefit for all other excess mortality outside of COVID.
Gary Ransom: Thank you very much for those answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Elyse, your line would be open now, if you would like to proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, I want to go back, Chris, to some of your opening comments. You mentioned recent elevated inflation data but that you also got your loss ratio assumptions sufficient against this. But then you guys did mention considering taking pricing taking pricing actions, so if you are considering taking pricing actions wouldn't that imply that inflation might be running higher than you expected? And I know we touched on this a little bit during the call, but I'm hoping just if you could flush out like what areas of inflation you're most worried about in terms of impacting your profitability.
Chris Swift: And Doug and I will tag team here. So yes. I think the general comment that inflation is up. You've written about it and others have too. It's fairly self-evident. I think when we looked at our picks and our loss ratio picks, particularly in our property and the homeowners' lines, as Doug described, there's activities that are positive, and there's activities that are headwinds. When we net out all the positives and negatives, positive as being mostly frequency, against the severity pickup, whether it be inflationary or large loss activity, it still nets out where we are picks for home and property on a full year basis, we think are going to hold. So - and Doug, I think that the pricing actions that we've talked about are primarily in the homeowners' line, where we're trying to keep up with inflationary side, particularly on our insured values on Schedule As, and we have some programs and some new things that we've added to keep up with schedule A values.
Doug Elliot: Absolutely. And in addition, we're also looking at insured values in our Small Commercial and our Middle Market properties. So in general, Elyse, we are on top of this property issue in terms of value replacement, what it will cost to repair facilities, buildings, et cetera - with what we're feeling through the cost of goods sold.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. So then on inflation, you would say this is really just property and home. Within your other Commercial Lines, everything is still in line with your expectations?
Chris Swift: Yes. We're watching auto carefully because they - it's been well chronicled auto parts. The timing to get the parts, the labor to put the parts in, a little bit of pressure there. That will obviously matter to severity, and we're watching frequency and severity together. So generally, we've had better frequency patterns that have offset some of the severity dynamics. But we are very tuned into what the inflation curve is going to look like on labor and material for all of our lines. And I think we're in a good spot, but we're - I can't sit here today and say we know exactly how the fourth quarter will drop yet. It's going to take us several quarters to figure that out as data comes in.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my second question, you guys are running ahead of pace relative to the buyback plan outlined for this year. And some of the dividend figures you provided from the subset, I think, are a little bit higher than you had expected. So is there a chance you could come in above the 1.5 for this year? Depending upon your stock is, if you guys look to take advantage, could more of the buyback program potentially be front-loaded?
Chris Swift: Yes, I'm glad you noticed that, Elyse. We have been, as I said, in my comments, proactive and prudent in managing our capital. So, yes, a lot of things are possible, but we're basically six months into our two-year buyback program. I still think buying back $2.5 billion is, again, the right action to manage our excess capital. And from any one quarter or any one period of time, there could be acceleration or deceleration depending on what we're seeing happening in the marketplace. But Beth, what would you say?
Beth Costello: Yes. I think we've characterized that well, I think on the dividends, Elyse, yeah the range we tightened primarily as it relates to P&C. So we had said that we expect $900 million to $1 billion - $1.1 billion, and now we're at $1 billion to $1.1 billion. So trending on the high side but that's not a significant change there. And I think we're on a good pace. We had said when we announced increase in the program in April that we weren't intending to do it ratably over the period. And I think that the actions we've taken have shown that. So that's all I would add.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Brian your line will be open if youd like to proceed with your question now.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thank you. Yes, a couple of them here. First, I just want to dig a little bit on workers' comp, Chris and Doug. Doug, I know you mentioned that you're looking at loss cost filings for 2022 and that's a key determinant of what pricing look like for workers' comp. Any early indications what those are going to look like? What's the NCCI saying with respect to that, kind of, what can we expect potentially here for workers' comp pricing going forward?
Doug Elliot: Brian, it is extremely early, but the next 30 days, we jump into that season. So I think maybe one, maybe two states have hit in the last couple of days, but I don't have them pulled apart yet. But I do know over the next 30 to 60 days, most of the states will drop, and how this 2020 year is treated from a COVID perspective, both frequency. And then we've been quite transparent with our workers' comp selections around COVID. The same is not true for all of our competitors. So I don't have a great lens into everybody's reporting actions, but we'll learn more through the MCCI data. And as you know, I think they handled the bureau loss cost for 47 states. So that is a very big component of this country's workers' comp system.
Brian Meredith: And then the second question, I'm just curious, so some good growth in Small Commercial. I mean, one of the things that people talk about is that if the economy reopens, it's really more beneficial for the E&S markets because new business formation typically doesn't fall in the standard Commercial Lines market. Is that a true statement? Or are we going to think about things in a little bit different way where you could really see some nice big growth in new businesses as we continue to see economic growth?
Doug Elliot: Well, economic growth is a good thing for our business. And I would say that is probably partially true. I think it's true by sector. So our pricing algorithms and our underwriting decision points do look at geography. They look at class, they look at sectors of class. So there are new business start-ups that we're interested in writing on a retail basis. And then I would also say there are probably sectors of Small Commercial that better fit E&S. I think that it will be a good thing for our economic engine, and I'm glad you raised the point because we saw some of that in the second quarter, which is why we adjusted our audit premium going forward. But I don't feel like the real labor unlock has occurred yet, and I think that will provide a further spring in the second half.
Brian Meredith: But Doug, you would also say that historically, in Small Commercial, we do have E&S offerings that we provide and that, obviously, Navigators is going to help us expand the product sets in a class of business that our two business leaders can partner on. So that's been part of the design to just capture more of small business needs, whether it be standard or in the E&S market?
Doug Elliot: Absolutely, it's been a growing capability both, obviously, in our wholesale sector in Global Specialty, but also our Small Commercial business has a core strategy around working with wholesalers in that E&S space. I would also add, Brian, to your question, leadership and the people that run these businesses, so not all new start-ups are with first-time managers, right? Some of these new start-ups are with the experienced managers that we've known, we've insured in other places. So the start-up number can be a little misleading. And in general, we look at economic formation as a positive to our business.
Operator: That was our last question for today. So Ill hand back to Susan to conclude.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Harry. We appreciate you all joining us this morning. Please don't hesitate to contact us if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-22 23:00:08) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Hartford's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.  Please note this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Susan Spivak. Please go ahead.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Ian. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on first quarter 2021 earnings. This morning we reported results and posted all of the earnings-related materials on our website.
Chris Swift: Thank you for joining us this morning. I want to start by saying that I have never been more excited about the future of The Hartford. In the first quarter, there were infrequent items that impacted reported results. However, the underlying performance of our business continues to reflect strong execution on key initiatives and improving margins. I am extremely bullish about the prospects of growth and further margin expansion in the second half of 2021 and in 2022. The current macroeconomic environment and industry outlook favors The Hartford and combined with the strength of our businesses we are positioned to deliver accelerated growth and attractive returns for our shareholders. I'm now going to turn the call over to Doug and Beth, so they can provide some more commentary on the quarter. After their remarks, I will provide more details on our financial targets that we disclosed here today. So, with that, Beth I'll turn the call over to you.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Earlier today, we reported first quarter core earnings of $203 million or $0.56 per diluted share. Core earnings were down 58% in the quarter primarily due to the impact of three significant items.
Doug Elliot: Thanks Beth. Over the past few years, I've shared a series of priorities providing updates along the way. To summarize we have been increasing the breadth and depth of our product offerings, reshaping our portfolio and investing in new capabilities for the benefit of customers, distribution partners and our underwriters. The success of those efforts supported by a firm ex-workers' compensation pricing environment is producing consistent ex-COVID underlying margin expansion including 4.3 points in quarter 1. The global pandemic certainly interrupted the potential for top line momentum in 2020 creating an important inflection point for 2021. First quarter Property & Casualty written premium grew 2% driven by a strong Commercial Lines result of 4%. I'm pleased with our underlying first quarter results and what it portends for the rest of the year. I'll start with a few headlines before diving deeper into the micro story. The P&C underlying combined ratio of 89.4% was outstanding. Commercial Lines produced a stellar ex COVID underlying combined ratio of 90.1% and Personal Lines contributed with an underlying combined ratio of 83.5%. Small Commercial new business grew 12% during the first three months contributing to our largest premium quarter ever. Spectrum's momentum continued with new written premium growth of 32% a record new business level beating quarter four of 2020. April new business in Small Commercial also look strong and we are encouraged by the tailwinds of increasing new business formations. According to the US Census new business applications were up 62% in the first quarter. Global Specialty written premium increased 13% including new business growth of 10%. With underwriting actions largely behind us, retention has improved across the board. In the quarter the breadth of our growth was very strong led by 18% in wholesale, 13% in US financial lines and 29% in international. Global Re also had an excellent quarter with gross written premium growth of 12%. Across the franchise cross-sell activities have been robust outperforming our original deal expectations. Cross-sell premium between Global Specialty and Middle Market business drove $23 million of new business in the first quarter and $157 million of new business since the Navigators acquisition. This success has been fueled by our now broadened specialty capabilities, as well as deepened relationships with retail brokers. Over the last 18 months we have added nearly 1200 product lines and over 250 accounts for our customers that span both Middle Market and Global Specialty books.
Chris Swift: Thank you, Doug and Beth. The iconic Hartford brand was created over more than 200 years ago. It is a durable source of competitive advantage, and a symbol of strength and confidence. Almost a decade ago, we initiated a strategic plan, which focused on two key goals. First, to divest low-ROE market-sensitive and capital-intensive individual life insurance and variable annuity businesses, second, to focus on businesses where our market leadership position and long-term sustainable competitive advantages would generate profitable growth and superior returns. The first culminated with the sale of Talcott Resolution, in 2018. The second goal was amplified by the 2017 acquisition of Aetna's Group Benefits business, which made us the number two player based on, in-force premium. Then, the 2019 acquisition of Navigators enhanced our product depth and breadth across Commercial Lines and added new wholesale distribution. Fast-forward to today, The Hartford is an industry leader with a diverse platform of complementary businesses, producing industry-leading results. As we move forward, we will leverage our capabilities and focus, as we remain relentless in the pursuit of profitable growth. As evidence of our success, from 2018 to 2020 EPS grew 16%, book value per diluted share grew 20%. And we produced an average return on equity of 13% more than 300 basis points above the peer average. As we emerge from the pandemic, we are confident that several macroeconomic factors will provide meaningful tailwinds, positioning our business for accelerated growth, and improved returns. First, the emergence from the pandemic is expected to reduce excess mortality in our group life business, and worker compensation losses in Commercial Lines. Secondly, rapidly improving expectations for unemployment, which could be below 5% by the end of this year and GDP growth in the mid-to-high single-digits is expected to drive top line growth in our employment-centric workers' compensation, and Group Benefits businesses. An improving economy will become an additional catalyst of growth across our small commercial segment. Third, as the underwriting environment remains constructive, P&C commercial renewal pricing is expected to remain strong, thereby, expanding margins. Finally, rising interest rates is anticipated to provide an incremental benefit to investment portfolio yields. This is a favorable macroeconomic environment for The Hartford to operate and compete in over the next couple years. In commercial lines, we expect top line growth to benefit from strong pricing, rising exposures due to the economic expansion and investments in digital capabilities. We also anticipate that reduced operating expenses will continue to drive margin expansion across all our businesses. We are the market leader in small commercial a highly sought-after market segment. We consistently generate sub-90s underlying combined ratios, which benefit from strong distribution, best-in-class products, efficient technology that eases the underwriting process for our agents and customers. New business sales from the recent launch of next-gen Spectrum product have been building momentum since the third quarter of 2020, generating a record level of sales this quarter. We are highly encouraged by our performance in this segment and new business growth potential. In middle and large commercial, we expect growth to benefit from continued firm pricing, cross-selling from an expanded product set stemming from the Navigators acquisition, positive traction across specialized industry verticals and technology investments. I'm particularly pleased with the cross-sell success that Doug referenced along with enhanced underwriting tools and capabilities. In global specialty, the business continues to benefit from the robust pricing environment, improving margins and retail cross-selling opportunities across standard commercial lines accounts. This quarter, global specialty produced written premium growth of 13% and the underlying combined ratio was below 90%. The Navigators acquisition is and will continue to be pivotal in driving growth and underwriting profits. In personal lines, growth is expected to be driven by the launch of the new auto and homeowners products, improved underwriting efficiencies and a new cloud-based technology. Personal lines margins in 2020 were certainly helped by less miles driven during the pandemic. And as driving returns to more normal levels, we expect to deliver profitable growth enhanced by operating and expense efficiencies. In our group benefits business, we anticipate growth to be driven by higher employment levels, strong new sales and growth in voluntary and A&H products. This business post-pandemic is expected to produce strong core earnings margins with a more stable mortality trends beginning in the second half of 2021. Across each of our businesses, improving operating efficiencies and a lower expense ratio from the Hartford Next program is a critical driver of margin expansion. In the second quarter of 2020, we detailed plans to achieve $500 million of savings by 2022. To date the program has delivered $233 million of savings. Based on the program's success to date, we are increasing our pre-tax savings to approximately $540 million in 2022 and estimating in total $625 million of savings in 2023. With the expectations for strong financial performance and capital generation driven in part by the improving macroeconomic environment, we have increased our share repurchase authorization by $1 billion. Our expectation for 2021 is to repurchase $1.5 billion and the remaining balance in 2022. With top-line growth across the business, strong earned pricing trends in excess of loss cost, operating efficiencies, a reduced COVID impact and continued capital management, we are targeting a core earnings ROE of approximately 13% to 14% in 2022 and into 2023. This ROE plan positions us to meaningfully outperform our peers. Before turning the call over to Q&A, let me address the unsolicited bids we have received from Chubb. Chubb delivered two additional letters to The Hartford since we announced the rejection of their $65 proposal back on March 23. The most recent letter outlined an offer of $70 per share in cash and stock. We have disclosed letters in our Form 8-K filing today. The Board reviewed each letter in consultation with its financial and legal advisers and unanimously rejected each proposal and concluded that engaging in discussions regarding a strategic transaction is not in the best interest of the company and its shareholders. The Board has reaffirmed its confidence and conviction in the continued execution of The Hartford strategic business plan. As a result, The Hartford is singularly focused on executing against its goals and objectives and I will not comment further on the Chubb matter. As I said from the outset of my remarks I'm extremely excited about the future of The Hartford and incredibly optimistic. We remain highly confident in our stand-alone plan. The Hartford franchise has never been better positioned to succeed and thrive. We expect to continue to deliver industry-leading financial performance, while creating value for all our stakeholders. With that I'll turn the call over to Susan to begin the Q&A. 
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Chris. We have time now to take your questions. Operator, could you please repeat the instructions for asking a question?
Operator:  And our first question comes from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Please proceed.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. So, I guess, aside the Chubb offers your public posture has shifted. And Chris you're -- I was watching or listening to your comments and reading your presentation. Can you give us some -- give us a sense of maybe what has shifted or what's changed just in the last couple months that give you the confidence to come out with these higher ROE targets as we think about 2022 and 2023? 
Chris Swift: Sure, Greg, happy to. I think when we built our plan basically in the fourth quarter of 2020 I mean we were still in the midst of I thought the worst of the pandemic. If you look at mortality trends they were increasing. If you look at, sort of, just the macro environment it just was a time to still be a little cautious. But as we got into 2021 and particularly after we completed the first quarter we just felt it was appropriate to rethink the future and disclose what we disclosed today, which I think is very positive news. It's more of a growth story obviously. It's a margin expansion story coming out of a continued P&C pricing environment. It's an efficiency and expense story. And you put it all together particularly with the excess capital that we have it really turns out to be a very robust ROE story. And we wanted to tell investors here in the first quarter. 
Greg Peters: Got it. And it makes sense. Yes, I'd like to pivot to slide 6 of your investor slide deck where you talk about the Commercial Lines results. And Doug, I know, you were talking a lot about price trends. And I was looking at the rate increase chart. And one of the comments you made is that some of the lines have approached rate adequacy. Can you give us more color on what's going on in the different segments as it relates to price, especially, in the context of loss cost trends? 
Doug Elliot: Sure. So as, I think, about our markets and I know, you know, this much of the pricing activity that has occurred in a positive way over the last couple years sits in the Middle Market and the specialty franchises. So we'll start with specialty. If you think about some of the products that we deliver to the market, we've seen quite strong pricing now moving into a third renewal. And at some point, as you work your way through those pricing trends, even from points that needed quite a bit of pricing, we feel like we're in a much better state. Loss trends, we're still staying on top of loss trends. But if you think about the specialty lines, we just look across that portfolio given our pricing and re-underwriting actions I think you have to look at them in a combination sense. We feel very good about our selections and just see strong ROE and strong margin performance that has improved over the last couple years. The same is largely true in Middle and Large Commercial. If you go back and look at our trends that we've shared particularly ex workers' comp pricing, a strong run over five or six quarters, coupled with our underwriting actions that book is much more rate-adequate today across sectors, across geographies. And we feel good as we look into the latter half of 2021 into 2022.
Greg Peters: Makes sense. And then the other thing that you announced as part of your earnings release and preannouncement was this -- the litigation settlement relating to Boy Scouts. I know you probably don't really want to comment on specific accounts, but there's still the lingering uncertainty regarding business interruption. Can you give us some sense about your approach to how you deal with these cases as they come up whether it's a bankruptcy case or the -- what you're doing from a reserve standpoint for business interruption? Just because we haven't seen a lot of other news from your competitors. Just give us an updated perspective would be helpful?
Chris Swift: Greg, I would share a couple points with you one regarding Boy Scouts and then the second on BI. I would say Boy Scouts, obviously is just a very unique situation. We've been in lengthy and meaningful discussions and intense negotiations with them for a lengthy period of time that ultimately culminated in providing what I thought was a fair settlement for all parties. And it really sort of puts this behind us. Because when you really looked at the risk of these -- some of these policies going back into the '70s, they were on aggregated risk policies as most of those policies were issued during that time. So if you think in terms of the nature of the industry being sexual molestation it just -- there are not good facts there. Now on the other hand, we felt we had prudent defenses and legal postures to ultimately defend ourselves. But that would have been costly, that would have been lengthy. And as Boy Scouts are trying to emerge from bankruptcy there was an opportunity and we seized it to work with them to develop the settlement that we did. The settlement ultimately still needs to be approved later this year, but we're optimistic it will get the bankruptcy court approval. So what I would share with you I don't see anything else in our portfolio close to resembling what the Boy Scouts exposures are. I feel good about the reserves that we have for any exposures, but particularly the sexual molestation types of reserves that we carry on the books today. On the BI matter, I think why you're not hearing everything is because quite honestly it's going pretty well. I think the vast majority of courts both state and federal are interpreting the policy language as we've anticipated. I think you've heard me say that our policy language is clear unambiguous. The virus does not cause physical damage to the property. Shutdowns were governments-ordered for safety reasons. And I think it will ultimately continue to play out favorably over time. We haven't changed our reserve posture. We continue to carry expense reserves for litigation. But we do not carry any incurred losses for business interruption exposures.
Greg Peters: Got it. Well thank you for the answers and for the guidance for 2022 and 2023.
Chris Swift: Thank you.
Susan Spivak: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks, good morning. My first question is on the buyback front. So, you guys raised the authorization today and added to what you're going to repurchase in both years. So, can you just give us a sense of what changed for you to be more incrementally bullish on the capital return over the next two years? And then to finance, the incremental buyback to the dividends, you're expecting from your subs for this year have those changed, or is it just coming from excess capital at the holding company?
Chris Swift: Yes. Elyse, I'll comment on sort of the why and then Beth could comment on the details. So, as I tried to say in our opening it just -- as we got into this year, just -- we're more encouraged on the economy and the recovery. You could feel our growth orientation. You could see it in really our first quarter results, where topline is really moving from a growth side. And when you put it all together, we looked out over the number of years and we just have greater clarity and certainty that the pandemic is in the rearview mirror. And we upped our share authorization that the Board ultimately supported.
Beth Costello: Yes. Then Elyse, as it relates to funding, the share repurchases for this year it really is a combination of using cash at the holding company, as well as increasing slightly the dividend that we'd expect from the P&C subsidiary. So we had said about $850 million to $900 million. And we're probably going to be more in like the $900 million to $1.1 billion for this year.
Elyse Greenspan: And so the $900 million to $1.1 billion for this year, would that also be kind of good expectations as we think about 2022 baseline?
Beth Costello: Yes. I would definitely see it in that range to maybe even slightly higher. But yes, that's what we're thinking about.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of the commercial underlying margin, you guys laid out a two point improvement target for 2022. Can you help give us a sense of how much of that is loss ratio-driven versus expense ratio-driven from Hartford Next? And what is the pricing -- Commercial Lines pricing assumptions that you have embedded within that underlying margin guidance?
Beth Costello: So, I'll start and then I'll let Doug follow up. But as we think about those -- that two points I would say it's roughly half and half between loss ratio and expense ratio improvement.
Doug Elliot: And Elyse, as we think about pricing, although we did not disclose and will not disclose all the specific details, generally, as we work our way through '21, we expect to see more of what we saw in the first quarter. And as we move into '22, we think pricing probably will come off a little bit, but still in shape to deal with loss cost trend in various lines.
Elyse Greenspan: Does that 2022 guidance assume an inflection within the workers' comp pricing environment?
Doug Elliot: Certainly, in 2021 on the written side, it suggests several quarters that look like the first quarter. And then, I think we'll have to see about '22 and '23 as we get there, but generally a stable slightly improving workers' comp pricing environment.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks for the color.
Doug Elliot: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Dwelle of RBC. Mark, please proceed.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. Just a further question related to the buyback. And I know buybacks are very popular with investors and usually considered a good use of capital. But I guess, given the share valuation and the growth options that you seem to have in front of you, why is increasing the buyback, the best use of an additional $1 billion to $1.5 billion of funds as compared to pursuing accretive acquisitions or just other internal growth opportunities?
Chris Swift: Yes, Mark. I would say, we have plenty of capital to fund all our growth ambitions. So, it's not a -- I'll call it either-or decision. We have capital to grow. We expect to generate additional capital in the future, and  but I think that, the simple fact is, we have been, I thought wise during the pandemic with our capital and making sure that we can absorb any potential shocks that still might be out there. And then as it relates to M&A, I think I've been pretty consistent. It's just a low priority for us right now. And the reason it's a low priority is, I really believe we have everything as I say colloquially in the building to compete over the long term. It's maturing it, it's making sure our agents and brokers fully understand all our capabilities that we've built, or added over the years, and that's what we're focused on. And I think that's an appropriate strategy for where we are in our development right now.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. That was the only question I had. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui of Barclays. Please proceed.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. Appreciate seeing the written correspondences between The Hartford and Chubb in your 8-K. I mean, letters are one thing, but there's a human side of the story. Wondering Chris if you and Evan ever got in a room together to actually engage in a meaningful discussion in your due diligence. Why not hear the guy out?
Chris Swift: Yeah. I would just share with you we're still in a pandemic, so that did not happen. And if you really look at our statements and our messages that, the Board has put out, I mean, it's pretty clear that we had no interest in doing that, because of ultimately the conviction and commitment around executing our business plan. So that's what I would say, Tracy.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. So even virtually speaking you mentioned the pandemic that didn't happen?
Chris Swift: It's been mostly letter correspondence. 
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. And then something else on Chubb, sorry, we dug up your Boy Scouts Association mediation settlement. And there was a direct mention of Chubb in that report, where you would actually get a settlement discount depending on how Chubb's settlement shapes up. What is that all about?
Chris Swift: Yeah. I would just generally characterize it as a term and condition that Boy Scouts agreed to that ultimately tried to be equitable with all carriers in their exposures, and not favor one group versus the other. So it works as a most-favored-nations type clause.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. Brian, please proceed.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. Thanks. So two questions here. The first one, I'm just curious, Beth on the guidance, what is your interest rate assumption on the ROE targets? Are you assuming interest rates are up here? How about kind of rates versus new money yields versus book yields?
Beth Costello: Yeah. So when we make our projections, we really look at sort of just following the forward curve, and what we would expect to see there. And again, even though rates are going up, just because they're going up in the near term, we'd expect to see some marginal benefit from that. But really that comes out in the outer years, just given the way that our portfolio turns over. And so when I think about investment yield sort of ex limited partnerships over the next two years, I kind of see it, sort of consistent with where we are today.
Brian Meredith: Terrific. Thank you. And then my second question, because I'm just curious, I appreciate you don't want to talk about the Chubb situation. But I guess, my question is this, what would it take you think for the Board to believe that they've got a fiduciary obligation to talk to a potential acquirer?
Chris Swift: Yeah, you're right. Yeah, Brian, you're right. I'm not going to talk about it, because I think our statements are clear and unambiguous as far as our intentions, our views. We know our fiduciary duties. So that's all I'm going to say, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Okay. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse. Mike, please proceed.
Mike Zaremski: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe focusing, again, I know there's been a lot of questions and good color on the ROE guidance, I think in the past you kind of  you said, the anchor was around  it was 12%. And now you're saying 12% to 13% and if I look at  
Chris Swift: 13% to 14%, Mike. 
Mike Zaremski: 13% to 14%, okay. 
Chris Swift: 13% to 14% just to make sure. 
Mike Zaremski: Yes. Thank you. It's been a busy morning. So if I look at consensus, I think consensus for '22 for example is high 11s, what I'm looking at. And so there seems to be a big delta. So I'm curious if you have opinions on where -- what the consensus may be underappreciating other than clearly you've upped the buyback guidance versus consensus this morning? 
Chris Swift: Yes. It's probably the biggest item. So I think you've just got to go back update your models, put everything that we talked about into your models today and I think you will be very pleased. 
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And so there's -- I guess there's one element that I get at which I think it's tougher for us to fully appreciate and might be kind of on the reserve release side. So you don't think that could be an element The Street is underappreciating? 
Chris Swift: Obviously, we don't project and guide to reserve releases because we make our best estimates every quarter. But I think some analysts as you know do take a view and do their own homework on reserves and potential releases. And I think those that do their homework and really understand the reserving philosophy and how we've set our picks over the last couple years will come to a point of view that is most likely positive. 
Beth Costello: The only thing I would add to that is, I do think given the color that we provided on what we expect for underlying margin improvement in commercial lines and I think that's another factor to be looked at. And again, I think we've provided some road map there for folks to absorb. 
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Thank you. And my last question is on the commercial pricing environment. And I guess if you would like to comment on personal lines too feel free. But my question is it feels -- you're the second carrier to kind of talk about rates coming down from very healthy levels. Kind of curious is it a function of Hartford kind of being willing to pull off the gas a little bit too to enable growth, or is it more just market conditions are causing pricing to fall, or is it a mix of both?  I guess one carrier that plays in a little different of a sandbox than Hartford kind of basically was saying that they're willing to pull off the gas because pricing levels are healthy and they feel good about margin improvement. So just kind of curious if any color there on the market dynamics? 
Doug Elliot: I would say it's a multifaceted answer. There's geography, there's class, there's size. There are all different dynamics in it. And what I tried to say in my opening answer to a question is that, generally across our books of business, we are feeling much more rate-adequate today. So that does change our competitive mode in the marketplace. But it is all driven by line, it's driven by account experience and so like it is so hard to just give you one answer that fits everything. There's a different set of priorities we have in global specialty and you can see the progress we've made there.  And then I will offer that the power that the re-underwriting retuning these books of business have transformed themselves over the past 18 months is also very much a part of our loss performance today. So I would never use the words foot off the accelerator. I don't think about it like that. What I care deeply about is our returns by line, our retentions across key customer segments, our segmentation strategies et cetera. And I feel right now when I look across our books very solid about where we are and how we move into the latter half of 2021 as we manage all of those indicators. 
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Motemaden of Evercore ISI. David, please proceed.
David Motemaden: Hi. Good morning. I guess just a question first just on the group benefits guide, the margin guide to 6% to 7% in 2022. I guess, I'm just wondering why that is still -- it's down versus where your guide was in 2020 consistent with 2021 ex-COVID. But it does seem like you have a bit more expense save. So wondering if you could unpack that just a little bit.
Chris Swift: Sure, David. I think, the simple answer is, we've talked about it in the past that the year-over-year improvements and incidences being driven down in recoveries and in favorable developments -- favorable prior year developments, all is going to sort of revert back to a mean. And what that really means is that our current accident year, in essence, accident year loss ratios we established are going to be closer to ultimate than they were five years ago when they were quite a bit higher. So it's still a margin -- a 6% to 7% margin in that business still produces a solid double-digit ROE. IRRs are strong. So it's a healthy margin. But particularly with all the prior year reserve releases, we just don't see that happening going forward, just because our current picks are established a lot lower.
David Motemaden: Okay. Got it. That makes sense. And then Chris, I guess, you spoke to in response to an earlier question, just about how there aren't really any product gaps you feel like at HIG. I guess one thing I'm wondering is, coming at it from a bit -- the other side of it and specifically thinking about the Mutual Funds business, I guess, I'm just wondering if you could just remind me what the strategic importance of the Mutual Funds business is, in the context of the broader organization of Hartford. I understand it does produce around $100 million to $150 million of cash every year. So that's obviously an important consideration. But maybe just help me think just how it fits strategically with your other businesses. Thank you.
Chris Swift: Yes, I think, you got it right. I mean, it is a good business. It's a growing business. It's creating shareholder value. We get nice returns and dividends. It's a high IRR, ROE business. And we view it as an investment. It's sort of a stand-alone business unit in Pennsylvania, Philadelphia. It doesn't take very much management time. And I think we enjoy the benefits of a business unit that is growing in value creating value. And as long as they remain relevant, we're happy to own it. It shares the Hartford brand name with us. That means something in sort of the independent investment adviser space so -- but I view it as an investment, totally, David.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jim Bhullar of JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jim Bhullar: Hi. Good morning. So, first, I had a question for Chris. On your statement that like a $70 offer is not in the best interest of shareholders. I'm just wondering if you could discuss what the basis for that is. If you -- like, is it based on your earnings power, other offers you could receive, or whatever else the basis is for that statement? And then secondly, for Doug, if you could talk about how you think about workers' compensation, loss trends. If the economy continues to heat up, do you think there's a likelihood of an uptick in losses in that line? Thanks.
Chris Swift: Jimmy, I'll start. Again, I'm not going to comment. I think our disclosures on this, again, were crystal clear, as far as what the Board went through and why it decided what it did. And beyond that I'm not going to comment any further, Jimmy.
Doug Elliot: On the workers' comp question, Jimmy, I would say this, as we come through the pandemic out the back side of it, we're watching carefully frequency and severity. We've had our eye on severity for the last couple of years, just wondering, might we see a little bit of a surge relative to long haulers on COVID, or other parts of our platform. But we have not come off our long-range assumptions for loss trend in either severity. And, yes, we do expect frequency will return to more normal levels, as we get out into 2021 second half and 2022.
Jim Bhullar: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Shanker of Bank of America. Please proceed.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. We've talked in the last couple of calls about how AARP is allowing you to non-renew customers who come into the pool, if they turn out not to be attractive customer types. I don't really detect any change in the trends, in the Personal Lines business. Has that been implemented yet? And is there a way that we'll detect, new customer acquisition coming in as an inflection?
Doug Elliot: Josh, most of those states we have now implemented that activity effective first of the year. It's going to take a little bit of time for that to work its way in. And obviously, it's a big component of our pricing, relative to the new auto product Prevail and our homeowners' product mid-summer. So, we expect in the future, you'll see more impact from, not only that but a number of changes we've made in the product profile going forward.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And then, on -- if I net out the Boy Scouts charge, in the disclosure on favorable development by line of business, I'm just -- it looks to me it was a very, very favorable quarter for GL. Can we talk about, accident years, how they're maturing? And what sort of led to that? And maybe I'm misreading it.
Beth Costello: Yeah. So Josh, I think, you're misreading that. We haven't disclosed specifically, what component of the general liability piece was Boy Scouts. But I can tell you it was a significant piece of that. So I wouldn't do a significant read-through, as it relates to more current years for general liability.
Josh Shanker: But broadly speaking am I right in saying that, it was a very favorable quarter for you? It seems like the math works out that that's...
Beth Costello:  for general liability?
Josh Shanker: Or broadly in commercial, maybe it's not all...
Beth Costello: Yeah. No. I think broadly in commercial, I agree. If you back out the general liability piece and you can see that, we continue to have favorable development in workers' compensation and package business. So, yeah, I think the trends are pretty clearly laid out in our investor financial supplement.
Josh Shanker: And so coming back to the question, what years are really causing this? I mean, you don't have to be so specific. But is there a way of like sort of thinking about, how different years are maturing?
Beth Costello: Yeah. So for the workers' compensation piece, it's really more in the 2017 and prior, is where that favorability is coming from, very limited in the current years, because again it takes a little bit for those to season. And I would say the same thing with the package business it's more, 2015 and prior.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much.
Doug Elliot: Josh, I would just add this. Maybe this will help a little bit. We were carrying reserves for BSA prior to this quarter, right? So we haven't disclosed all the particulars, but you just need to know that we've been following those activities over the last several quarters, several years et cetera. That just should be part of your analysis.
Josh Shanker: That's very helpful.
Operator: And our last question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW. Meyer, please proceed.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Good morning. A question for Doug to begin, I guess, if we're heading into an unprecedented economic recovery with the reversal of the pandemic and I guess possibly government stimulus. Can you talk about the risk of other lines besides workers' compensation seeing unanticipated frequency?
Doug Elliot: Meyer, we're watching all those signals obviously. And as we've shared this morning we think we have optimism in our top line approach. But clearly we're watching loss trends and liability, relative to courts becoming more open, as dockets fill up and begin to work their way through. We're watching the automobile market. We expect more cars on the highways, et cetera, so we're watching frequency there. We're watching across all our lines. We're watching our specialty lines D&O, management liability, employment practices et cetera. So, yes, we have our eye on the frequency dynamic and the severity component as well. This is an active time. The backside of 2021 will look different, we feel than the first six months of 2020. But we're encouraged and we'll stay vigilant. And we'll adjust pricing and appetite accordingly.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful and then, just a really yes or no question. If we see wages rise does that translate into severity on the indemnity component of workers' compensation in your book?
Doug Elliot: Wage, pure wage, without 
Meyer Shields: Yeah.
Doug Elliot: number of employees? Okay. I mean pure wage should be a hedge against loss trend, just pure wage, so, whether it's merit of 2.5%, 3%. Now, if we talk about wages due to number of workers that is a different dynamic that we will manage our way through frequency and severity with.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to, Susan Spivak for any closing remarks.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Ian. We appreciate all of you joining us this morning, on relatively short notice. Please do not hesitate to contact me, if you have any follow-up questions. And look forward to speaking next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone and welcome to the Hartford Financial Services Group Incorporated fourth quarter 2020 financial results webcast.  All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star and then one. Please also note todays event is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Maam, please go ahead.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you Jamie. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on fourth quarter and year-end 2020 earnings. We reported our results yesterday afternoon and posted all the earnings related materials on our website.  For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period. Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplements.  Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartfords prior written consent. Replays of this call and an official transcript will be available on The Hartfords website for one year. Ill now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Let me start by saying we have been through one of the most turbulent years in recent history, which has been shaped by an extraordinary set of circumstances including the worst pandemic in more than 100 years and in its wake devastating economic and emotional fallout; a collective reckoning with racial inequality that continues to challenge America and the increasing vivid reminders that our climate is changing.  Despite these challenges, The Hartford continued to deliver strong results with core earnings of $636 million or $1.76 per diluted share for the fourth quarter and a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 12.7. For the year, core earnings were $2.1 billion or $5.78 per diluted share and book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, was $47.16, up 8% from 2019. The Hartfords performance reflects the strength of our businesses, our execution on strategic priorities, and builds a solid foundation for our companys future sustainable success.  I want to thank all my colleagues across The Hartford. I am incredibly proud of the resiliency demonstrated by our employees and their commitment to our stakeholders during this unusual time while balancing the demands of work and family. Now turning to the business and 2021 outlook, property and casualty underlying underwriting results significantly improved in both the fourth quarter and for the full year 2020, with strong performances in both commercial and personal lines. Excluding the impact of COVID, commercial lines underlying margins expanded by 6.5 points in the fourth quarter and 1.6 points in 2020, with improvement coming from all businesses. These results were in line or better than the guidance we provided a year ago and were driven by higher pricing, adherence to our underwriting disciplines, and operating efficiencies. In commercial lines, pricing momentum continues across nearly all lines, excluding workers compensation and we expect pricing increases to continue as additional rate is needed to offset pressure from social inflation, more frequent catastrophe events, and the persistent low interest rate environment.  In commercial lines, our teams are executing strongly on a number of fronts. In global specialty, the strategic transaction to acquire Navigators is on track. The integration is proceeding well and it is providing us with expanded product breadth in middle market and global specialty. In 2020, we have met our goal of improving financial performance in the business compared to the second half of 2019 and the acquisition was well timed from a market perspective.  Small commercial results remain excellent. We continue to strengthen our competitive advantages and market leadership position. The launch earlier in the year of our new business owners policy raised the bar for customer experience in buying and managing coverage. Going forward, we have a robust strategy to grow through product innovation and will continue to invest to maintain our industry-leading digital experience. I am excited about what we will continue to accomplish in this business. In middle and large commercial, we completed year one of a three-year plan to transform the underwriting process, provide a differentiated customer experience, and grow our specialized verticals. In the fourth quarter, underlying margins improved by 4.4 points compared to prior year, primarily due to lower expense ratio. In addition, our broader and deeper product set and enhanced analytics will drive further growth and improved margins. Moving to personal lines, underlying margins improved in both the fourth quarter and the year, benefiting from continued favorable auto frequency, lower non-cat incurred property losses, and reduced expenses. In 2020, we extended our AARP relationship with a new contract that runs through the end of 2032 solidifying our unique value proposition for the 50 and over demographic. We are also investing in a new digital platform to administer and market our products. Doug will provide more detail, and I am excited about the new auto and home products we will launch in the next six months. In summary for P&C, 2020 performance was strong despite challenges of the pandemic and COVID losses. In 2021, we expect continued modest COVID losses in workers compensation and financial lines, and while we are encouraged that the vaccine rollout has begun, we are learning it will take more time than initially projected to achieve protection across the broader population. With this outlook, we are expecting our commercial lines underlying combined ratio excluding the impact of COVID in both years to improve by approximately 3 points from 2020 results to a range of 88.5 to 90.5. The margin expansion alone is significant. When coupled with our business mix, its an ambitious but achievable outcome.  In personal lines, our outlook for 2021 incorporates an assumption that driving patterns begin to return to more normal levels and property results are more in line with historical trends. The result is an expected underlying combined ratio in the range of 87 to 89. I am very bullish about our growth potential and expect to increase our top line at a faster rate than we have experienced over the past five years. While some of this growth reflects a positive pricing environment, we see the increasing opportunity to utilize our brand, people, enhanced underwriting capabilities, and excellence in customer service to capture market share.  Before moving to group benefits, I want to briefly comment upon the business interruption loss suits brought against The Hartford and the industry. While we are extremely sympathetic to the difficulties faced by our insureds and all businesses dealing with the pandemic, the claims against us are outside the scope of our policies. All of our property policies subject to litigation plainly require direct physical loss or damage to trigger coverage, and the COVID-19 virus clearly does not cause such loss or damage. Although it is still early in the life cycle of some of these cases, we are pleased the overwhelming majority of decisions to date by federal and state courts across the country have held in favor of the insurance carriers and recognized that the presence of the virus does not make a direct physical loss or damage trigger for coverage. Given the number of lawsuits, its not surprising that some initial rulings have gone against the industry. Where appropriate, these cases have been or will likely be appealed and I am confident appellate courts will properly consider the growing body of precedent in favor of the industry. Nevertheless, a few unfavorable trial court rulings does not change our view of this exposure or the strength of our coverage arguments. We remain highly confident in our contract language and coverage positions. Finally, there has been some commentary about the number of lawsuits filed against The Hartford versus other industry players. We do not believe simply comparing the number of lawsuits is a useful way to assess exposure and more appropriate ways to analyze coverage defenses, limit profiles, portfolio mix, and other variables since the initial outsized wave of lawsuits against the company, the pace of new cases against The Hartford has slowed significantly and is now in line with peers. In the meantime, pending case counts against us have been reduced by approximately 25% to date through a combination of motions and withdrawals.  Turning to group benefits, core earnings were down in both the fourth quarter and full year as we experienced excess mortality rates, which we believe is attributable to the ongoing impacts of the pandemic. Obviously, mortality has been impacted by deaths directly attributable to COVID, but there is also an indirect effect which is most likely the result of patients deferring regular treatments for chronic conditions or individuals tolerating warning signs of a health problem for too long before seeking care. All cause excess mortality amounted to $152 million before tax in the quarter and included $22 million of claims related to prior quarters. The full year impact of excess mortality was $239 million, which reduced our full year core earnings margin by 3.1 points to 6.4%. In disability, our fourth quarter loss ratio was 65.1, 3.1 points higher than prior year as the fourth quarter of 2019 results included higher favorable prior year development. For the full year 2020, the loss ratio improved by 1.2 points to 66.1, benefiting from strong recoveries and, to a lesser extent, favorable incidence. On the top line, fully insured ongoing premiums were down 2% in the quarter and for the full year as our clients responded to the pandemic driven economic pressures by reducing their workforce and associated payrolls. 2020 fully insured ongoing sales driven by strong national accounts were up 11% to $717 million and persistency was slightly favorable at approximately 89%. Sales are off to a solid start in 2021 with 1/1 effective dated sales exceeding prior year by more than 10%. Looking into 2021, we expect the group benefits marketplace to remain dynamic as digital transformation, product innovation, and customer demands accelerate. Our competitive advantages and future investment road map will strengthen our market leadership.  That said, many questions still surround the pandemic and its affect on mortality and the economy; therefore, we are basing our loss picks heavily on total mortality trends in the near term rather than trying to isolate COVID-related deaths only. Based on historical mortality expectations, excluding any pandemic-related effects, we expect the core earnings margin to be between 6% and 7%. The decrease in expected margin from 2020 actual ex-COVID results primarily relates to lower expected favorable prior period development on LTD reserves and life waiver claims, and lower net investment income.  Taking into account the uncertainties surrounding the mortality impacts of the pandemic, we expect core earning margins to be reduced by 2.3 points given the continued higher rates of all cause excess mortality. Actual mortality rates will be impacted by the vaccine rollout pace, mutations of the virus, and the broader population returning to more routine medical care. In addition, we expect to a much smaller degree elevated short-term disability claims compared to historic norms. Lastly, we expect these higher mortality and short-term disability claims to impact our results predominantly in the first half of 2021.  As we close the books on 2020, I am optimistic about the future. At The Hartford, underwriting human achievement is at the heart of what we do. We are committed to making a sustainable and positive impact on society as an essential element of our ongoing success. Across The Hartford, we are making this happen by always doing the right thing, fostering a workplace where everyone is welcome and respected, using our resources and influence to help mitigate the challenge of changing climate patterns, and helping to make our communities where we live and work safer and more successful, which has never been as important as it is today. Heading into 2021, I am confident in our business portfolio, people, and our strategy to deliver value for all our stakeholders. Now Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you Chris, and good morning everyone. As Chris referenced, 2020 was an unprecedented year for the property and casualty industry and in The Hartford. The global pandemic and civil unrest losses significantly contributed to the challenges presented to our customers we serve, along with our broker and agency partners. Our employees deserve a huge thank you for their tireless efforts throughout this difficult year, tackling every obstacle that came their way. Despite the challenges, I was quite pleased with our overall performance. Property and casualty underlying margins improved by just over one point in 2020 and written premiums grew 3%. During the year, we also made substantial progress on a number of key business initiatives. In small commercial, despite COVID charges and expected margin compression from workers compensation, we continued to outperform with another sub-90 underlying combined ratio. During the last four months of the year, new business from Spectrum, The Hartfords industry-leading package product, achieved record levels.  In middle and large commercial, 2020 was the first year of our underwriting transformation journey intended to address profitability, efficiency and customer experience. Strong pricing and underwriting actions have driven improved profitability in the core book. In addition, investments in technology and data are paying off for underwriters and distribution partners. Our pace has accelerated quote turnaround time by five days, which equates to about 25%, while simultaneously improving the underwriting experience and effectiveness.  In global specialty, were nearing two years since the Navigators acquisition close and are poised to exceed core earnings and new business goals. Underlying financial results are improving driven by exceptional pricing and book re-shaping. Continued progress to deepen relationships with retail distribution partners has delivered an additional $134 million of new premium across commercial lines that would not have been possible prior to the acquisition.  Finally on personal lines, we renewed the AARP contract through 2032 and will be launching a brand new auto product with improved digital capabilities by April. Homeowners will be launched in the summer with both products in a number of states by year end. Underlying results were extremely strong, driven largely by the pandemics impact on driving miles while new business remains below expectations. Let me now pivot to summarize our financial performance for 2020 and then Ill conclude with some thoughts about 2021. Property and casualty core earnings were $1.7 billion for the year with a combined ratio of 96.4. This includes covered losses of $278 million or 2.3 points and current accident year catastrophe losses of $606 million or 5.1 points. Excluding COVID losses, each business reported underlying margin improvement for the year and significant improvement in the fourth quarter, much of which was driven by lower expense ratio. COVID losses in the quarter were $28 million, including $14 million for both workers compensation and financial lines. The workers compensation charge includes the benefit from the pandemic-related favorable frequency.  Turnings to cats, we incurred $55 million in the quarter primarily from hurricanes and convective storms, well within our expectations. Net favorable prior year development for the year was $136 million or 1.1 points. In the fourth quarter, we reported $184 million or 6.1 points of net unfavorable prior year development, which Beth will cover in her remarks.  Turning now to our business line results, the commercial lines underlying combined ratio was 95.5 for the year, improving 1.6 points from 2019 when COVID losses are excluded. The margin improvement was driven primarily by favorable non-cat property results and a lower expense ratio, partially offset by continued margin compression in small workers compensation.  A few words on pricing. U.S. commercial lines renewal written pricing excluding workers compensation was approximately 11% for the quarter, an excellent result and consistent with the third quarter. Middle market [indiscernible] written pricing in the U.S. excluding workers compensation increased 10.4% for the year, nearly doubling 2019s result. In the fourth quarter, the written price increase was stable at 10.3%. Property and general liability pricing remains firm in the high single digits while auto held steady in the low double digits.  In global specialty, U.S. pricing in the quarter was a robust 19.2%, generally consistent with third quarter. The U.S. wholesale book achieved 25 points, also in line with quarter three. Excess pricing is in the mid-30s while property lines are persisting in the low 20s, and auto has moved into the mid-teens. Pricing gains in the international portfolio remained solid with improved results in marine and a very strong professional lines pricing. Small and middle market workers compensation pricing in the quarter, while still negative, increased 60 basis points from the third quarter, driven by favorable ratings in a few states.  Overall, Im very pleased with how effectively our team has balanced the impact of the pandemic, account pricing, and profitability improvements in 2020. Let me share a few more details on the businesses, starting with commercial. Small commercial had another very strong year. The underlying combined ratio was 89.2 for the year, one point better than prior year when COVID losses are excluded. Lower non-cat property losses and a favorable expense ratio were partially offset by workers compensation margin compression. Total small commercial written premium declined 3% for the year. After a challenging second quarter due to the economic shutdown, written premium in the last six months was essentially flat to prior year. In the fourth quarter, new business results were strong and policy retention returned to historical levels. Our premium retention in the second half of the year was unfavorably impacted by lower premium audits and endorsements of approximately four to five points due to lower payrolls. Fourth quarter new business of $153 million was up 11% versus prior year. Our Spectrum product is driving this growth and Im very encouraged by the improved business momentum. Moving to middle and large commercial, we posted and underlying combined ratio of 100.9 for the year, 2.5 points better than prior year after excluding COVID losses. A favorable expense ratio and lower non-cat property losses drove the margin improvement. Total written premium declined by 3% for the full year. New business in middle market was down 18% versus 2019; however, new business premium in the fourth quarter was up 2%. Quotes, quote ratio and hit ratio in the guaranteed cost book for the fourth quarter were all better than 2019 levels. 2020 premium retention declined seven points versus 2019 driven by underwriting actions and lower exposures in workers compensation. Through this underwriting discipline, we start 2021 with much improved financial performance.  In global specialty, the underlying combined ratio was 98.3 for the full year, 2.5 points better than prior year after excluding COVID losses. We continue to be pleased with the margin expansion in global specialty. Excluding the impact of COVID, weve seen approximately five points of improvement from the second half of 2019, almost entirely coming from the Navigators book with particularly strong results in U.S. wholesale and global reinsurance, combined with a lower expense ratio.  Global specialty written premium for the fourth quarter was up 9% versus prior year. Top line growth was driven by significant favorable pricing partially offset by slightly lower new business levels and lower retentions, primarily in the international book due to our portfolio re-shaping and underwriting actions. Shifting over to personal lines, written premiums declined 6% for the year, 4% when adjusting for the second quarter refund. Although new business levels were below expectation, auto new business was up slightly versus prior year. Lower responses were offset by a better conversion rate. Were excited about the launch of our new auto product in April with the country-wide rollout of both auto and home to occur over the next two years.  Despite lower growth, underwriting results in 2020 were particularly strong. In personal lines auto, the underlying combined ratio of 88 was 9.9 points better than 2019. Consistent with the industry, frequency ran well below prior year. During the fourth quarter, reduced frequency remained fairly stable with third quarter results. In home, the underlying combined ratio for the year of 72.5 was 5.8 points better than prior year, driven predominantly by favorable non-cat weather.  Before I turn things over to Beth, Id like to share a few thoughts about 2021. We project a 2021 commercial lines underlying combined ratio between 90 and 92. This includes a COVID loss estimate of 1.5 points. The COVID estimate is approximately two-thirds workers compensation and one-third specialty lines. Ex-COVID, we expect our 2021 underlying combined ratio at its midpoint to improve nearly three points from 2020. Renewal written pricing in middle market is forecasted to remain strong during 2021 and largely consistent with 2020 across most lines. We foresee global specialty renewal written rate increases to remain in the double digits. Workers compensation pricing is projected to be largely consistent with 2020. In personal lines, we expect driving miles to increase as the vaccine rolls out, particularly for our AARP book, contributing to an underlying combined ratio of 87 to 89.  Reflecting back on 2020, in spite of all the challenges we faced, financial results were quite strong for our property and casualty business units. We delivered year-over-year ex-COVID margin improvement through disciplined underwriting, significant portfolio re-shaping, and the start of Hartford Next in every business. Given the incredible challenges of 2020, Im extremely encouraged by the improving underwriting performance. With underwriting actions largely behind us, we are now well positioned to improve our margins and pivot toward growth. Our team is energized for the future and confident that we have the talent, tools and teamwork to deliver. I look forward to updating you all on progress throughout the year. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Costello: Thank you Doug. Im going to cover results for the investment portfolio, Hartford Funds and corporate, provide an update on our capital management plans, and discuss P&C prior year accident year development, including the results of our annual A&E study.  Net investment income was $556 million for the quarter, up 11% from the prior year quarter. For the year, net investment income was $1.8 billion, down 5% from 2019 due to lower reinvestment rates and lower yields on floating rate securities, partially offset by a higher level of invested assets due in part to the acquisition of Navigators.  The total portfolio yield for the full year was 3.6% compared to 4.1% in 2019. During the year, the average reinvestment rate was 2.5% compared with a sales and maturity yield of 3.4%.  The annualized limited partnership return was 32% for the fourth quarter driven by higher private equity valuations and distributions and the sale of two underlying real estate properties, resulting in LP income of $152 million before tax in the quarter. For the year, the LP yield was 12.3%.  Overall, the credit performance of our investment portfolio remains very strong. Net unrealized gains on fixed maturities after tax increased to $2.8 billion at December 31 from $2.4 billion at September 30. Unrealized and realized gains on equity securities was a gain of $55 million before tax in the quarter.  Turning to Hartford Funds, core earnings for the quarter was $46 million, up 15% from the prior year quarter. This was primarily due to an increase in fee income and lower administrative expenses, including a reduction in state income taxes and travel expenses. The increase in fee income, which was largely attributable to higher daily average Hartford Fund AUM was partially offset by a continued shift to lower fee-generating funds.  Full year core earnings were up 12% due to higher daily average assets and lower expenses, including a first quarter reduction in consideration related to the Lattice transaction of $12 million before tax. Long term fund performance remains strong with two-thirds of funds beating peers on a five-year basis.  The corporate core loss was $51 million for the quarter and $178 million for the year. For the fourth quarter, the core loss was higher than the prior year quarter primarily due to the impact of the companys investment in Talcott Resolution. For the quarter, we recorded a $1 million pre-tax loss from Talcott compared to $21 million of income in the fourth quarter of 2019.  On January 20, the consortium that owns Talcott announced it was being sold to a new group of investors. We will receive 9.7% of the proceeds and any pre-closing dividends. We are very pleased with how this investment has performed, and since we have been recording Talcotts results on the equity method, we do not expect significant impacts to net income on closing. In the quarter, we continued to execute on our Hartford Next initiative. For the second half of 2020, we recognized savings before program costs of $106 million and we have increased our estimate of 2021 savings to $350 million as we have been able to accelerate some of our initiatives. Overall, we are on track to achieve annual operating expense savings of approximately $500 million by 2022, reducing the P&C expense ratio by 2 to 2.5 points, the group benefits expense ratio by 1.5 to 2 points, and the claim expense ratio by approximately 0.5 points as compared to 2019 results. As Doug mentioned, we recognized net prior year reserve strengthening of $184 million before tax in the fourth quarter, which included several items. First, we completed our annual asbestos and environmental reserve review. Before cession to the adverse development cover we have in place, net reserves increased by $218 million, comprised of $127 million for asbestos liabilities and $91 million for environmental. The $127 million increase in asbestos reserves was primarily due to an increase in the rate of asbestos claim settlements as well as higher than previously estimated average settlement values and defense costs. Overall, the number of asbestos claims filings in the period covered by the 2020 study was roughly flat with the 2019 study. The $91 million increase in environmental reserve was primarily due to an increasing number of PFAS claims as well as higher remediation and legal defense costs.  Since the completion of the A&E study brought the cumulative losses ceded to the ADC to an amount in excess of the $650 million of ceded premium paid, the company recognized a non-core earnings charge of $210 million, representing a deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance. The cumulative losses ceded to the A&E ADC are currently $860 million, leaving $640 million of limit remaining. Cession to the Navigators adverse development cover were $5 million in the fourth quarter with $91 million of limit remaining. In the quarter, we increased reserve associated with sexual moral station by $125 million which was related to claims asserted against the Boy Scouts of America. Offsetting these reserve increases was favorable development for prior year catastrophes of $116 million primarily related to accident years 2017 to 2019, as well as favorable development in workers compensation and package business.  Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI rose 8% for the year to $47.16, and our 2020 core earnings ROE was 12.7%. We ended 2020 with a debt and preferred stock capitalization ratio ex-AOCI of 21.6%. Our goal is to keep debt leverage within the low to mid 20% range.  Turning to capital, as of December 31, holding company resources totaled $1.8 billion. As we look at 2021, we expect dividends from the operating company to total $850 million to $900 million for P&C, $250 million to $295 million for group benefits, and $125 million to $150 million for Hartford Funds.  Yesterday, we announced an 8% increase in our common quarterly dividend to $0.35 per share. In December, we announced a new share repurchase authorization of $1.5 billion effective January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022. Although we have not had any repurchase activity to date, our expectation is to resume repurchases over the remaining weeks of this quarter.  To wrap up, our businesses performed strongly in a challenging year. We are pleased to see the benefit of our initiatives coming through in our results. As we manage the pandemic and continue to execute across all of our businesses, we will generate further improvement in our results and enhance value for all of our stakeholders. Ill now turn the call over to Susan so we can begin the Q&A session.
Susan Spivak Bernstein : Thank you Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Operator, could you have the first question?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question today comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hey, thanks. Good morning. My first question is on your guidance for 2021 for commercial P&C. Within that three points of underlying margin improvement ex-COVID, could we get a sense of whats embedded in there stemming from a loss versus the expense ratio? Then also, are you assuming that margins will stand within small, middle, large, and also within specialty in 2021?
Doug Elliot: Elyse, let me tackle that question. The first point relative to the three points, roughly two-thirds of that is coming through the loss area, so yes theres Hartford Next benefit in there - its about 0.8 points. Second component is that primarily the loss improvement is coming from middle market and global specialty, so our businesses that have been leveraged by the portfolio re-shaping and the heavy pricing are driving disproportionate amounts of that increase year-over-year.  Small commercial is still very, very profitable, but they will feel a challenging workers comp environment again in 21, and weve balanced that as weve put the complete plan together.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, and then as youve thought about 2020, is there any--it seems like there was some non-cat weather, but for the most part it neutralized, so were just kind of thinking about the loss ratio improvement that you mentioned, the two-thirds primarily coming from the rate exceeding loss trends within the middle and specialty book?
Doug Elliot: Thats correct, yes. It was a pretty good property non-cat year for us, and I would say that some of the compares had higher levels of that non-cat weather activity in 2019, so that drives some of the quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year change, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. Then my second question is on the capital side of things. You guys put in a $1.5 billion buyback program in December. Obviously, you said youll be back in the market after earnings starting to buy back your stock, but how do we think about that between the two years? Is it market dependent? I know you gave us dividend up from the sub this year, but would you expect that to be even over the two years or is there something else that we should -- when you kind of work towards that buyback program?
Chris Swift: Elyse, its Chris. Ill let Beth add her point of view, but generally weve been proportional, pro rata with a lot of our buyback programs over a multiple year period of time, so philosophically I dont see much different.  Beth, what would you add?
Beth Costello: Yes, I would agree with that. I think to have you think about it being half and half between the two years is a reasonable expectation. Again, its dependent on a lot of factors and market conditions but going into how we think about executing a plan like that, thats how Id have you think about it.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. First question here for Chris and Doug, Im just curious, as I look at your guidance for commercial lines underlying, what is your assumption with respect to the headwind from workers comp margins in 2021? On that topic too, what do you think is going to happen with loss cost trends for workers comp as the economy reopens?
Doug Elliot: Well, its a big question, Brian. First off on the pricing side, as I mentioned in my script, we expect the 2021 year to look largely consistent with 2020 from a pricing perspective. Yes, were seeing a bottoming of the workers comp curve, but I still expect some downward pressure minus pressure in small commercial and middle market flat to maybe up a point or two, so thats the pricing side of it. The loss trend piece is very complicated, and were not going to go through a roll forward for everybody today; but essentially the 2020 year looks so unlike any year weve ever had before because of the pandemic, so as we complete 2020, obviously frequency has been in very good shape and youve seen that come through our adjustments, but the flipside is were watching carefully severity, and so were watching durations, were watching medical treatment, were watching the extended impacts of what may or may not happen with COVID victims, so were being careful with severity.  Weve moved our picks up a little bit in the 2020 accident year, weve kept them there for 21, but again when we look through workers comp, we look through these two years, were still on our long term picks. We think over time this aligns, it should run at five on the severity side and flattish for frequency, based on everything we see in the next few years. 
Brian Meredith: Great, thanks. The second question is--Im just curious, on your guidance with respect to COVID losses, particularly on the GB side, how should we think about the timing of that coming through? I would think that first quarter, much higher particularly for the GB and then just dissipating during the course of the year. Is that kind of the way we should think about things? 
Chris Swift: Brian, I tried to say that in my prepared remarks, maybe it wasnt clear, but yes. Of the $160 million of life COVID losses, Id say 75% would be a good number for first quarter.
Brian Meredith: Okay, and what about with respect to the commercial lines?
Doug Elliot: Yes, heavy first half. It depends on vaccines and rollouts, but yes I think we expect first quarter to look similar to probably fourth quarter, and then our hopes and optimism are shared across the country that second quarter and third quarter improve mightily. 
Brian Meredith: Terrific, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Ryan Tunis: Yes, thanks. I guess just a follow-up on the capital management. Weve seen, given the fact that you didnt manage much capital in 2020 and the dividend capabilities of these businesses over the next couple years that youll be generating, I guess, well in excess of--or youll have available a lot more than whats in place for the buyback and common divis, so I guess maybe if you could comment on are you thinking about doing any M&A or what you might be using other excess capital for?
Chris Swift: Ryan, Ill start and Ill let Beth again add her color. We feel very fortunate to be sitting on excess capital that obviously were planning to return to shareholders vis--vis a dividend increase that you just saw, and then obviously our buyback program. Our priorities for capital are really consistent, right - we want to use capital to grow our businesses, and we do see good growth opportunities going forward, and then make sure we have a financially solid balance sheet with sufficient margins to absorb any future shocks that obviously were living through these days, and then we think about returning excess vis--vis share buyback to shareholders from there.  I think Ive said before M&A is a lower priority for us right now. I think in my language, we have everything we need to compete in the building these days, and its maturing, its growing, its working with our distribution partners to make sure they know all our capabilities, so M&A is a low priority right now. Beth, would you add anything?
Beth Costello: No, I think youve covered it very, very well. 
Ryan Tunis: Thanks. Then a follow-up for Beth, it sounds like lower net investment income is captured in the group benefits guide, but how are you thinking about the portfolio yield headwind on the P&C side in terms of how we should be thinking about NII next year there?
Beth Costello: A couple things. Obviously one of the things thats included in the group benefits margin guidance is a more normal or more normal planning assumption for limited partnerships, and obviously this year we were well above that. If you think about the portfolio ex-partnerships and you look at where we were Q4 with a portfolio yield of about 3.2% overall, I see probably 10 points of pressure on that as we look forward into 2021. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. First, just had a question on workers comp pricing, and I think Doug, you mentioned youre expecting it to be consistent with last year. Are you seeing that in the market actually, or is that just more of the hope right now? Some more color on workers comp.
Doug Elliot : I would separate the markets. As I think about small commercial, largely a file with little deviation, and were seeing flat to negative pricing. I think the file trends across the bureau state next year are off four to five points, so I think that environment will continue to exist as it has in the last couple years, although slightly improved negative, right? We were probably eight or nine off two and three years ago, and now were half off, so thats encouraging. In the middle market space, we see a very competitive marketplace. Its remained competitive over the last 12, 15 months, and I think well continue to battle it out account by account. Were thoughtful about accounts. We think about our tools. We look at the accounts straight up and we make decisions, so I dont see a lot of change in that middle market workers comp environment going forward, at least in the next year.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, and what was the impetus for the reserve increase for molestation claims?
Chris Swift: Jimmy, what I would say is, as we talked about in the past, sexual molestation claims, reviver statutes, they all go together here, particularly in this quarter, as Beth mentioned, related to Boy Scouts. Theyre in bankruptcy, trying to reorganize, and the amount of additional claims that were reported to us this past November far exceeded our initial expectations. Now, were really sympathetic to the real victims here, but there are some serious questions about the validity of all the claims that were reported. Nevertheless, we felt it prudent, again just given the magnitude, to increase our reserve position, and we did.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, and then just lastly on business interruption losses, obviously in the U.S. for the most part, the courts are siding with insurers, not so in international markets, so is your view on your exposure consistent in Europe as well, or in the U.K. market, or do you think you might actually have a little bit more risk there?
Chris Swift: Yes, I would say in the U.S. first, you heard my prepared remarks - you know, were debating and fighting out in the courts and litigating, so nothing fundamentally has changed our views on BI exposures. We have not put up any reserves other than for our policies that did not have direct physical loss requirement. Our expense reserves remain the same - I mean, were spending money to defend ourselves, which is why weve put it up. I would say the U.K. judgment doesnt affect us at all here in the U.S., as you know, and does not impact us in any way in our Lloyds syndicate, which is--we didnt participate in those types of policies.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good morning, thanks. Thinking about--probably for Beth, we saw the sale of Talcott was announced. Can you remind us how much capital Hartford has remaining, and also maybe can you remind us, do you expect to--does Hartford expect to get any kind of cash tax benefits from any remaining DTAs or AMTs?
Beth Costello: Yes, so Ill take it in two pieces. As it relates to the Talcott investment overall, kind of on an ex-AOCI basis, its about $185 million on our balance sheet, and again its an investment so like all of our investments, theyre part of our capital base. I wouldnt have you think about this as creating excess capital capacity - theres obviously some risk charges that would go away, but its all part of our capital base.  Then as it relates to DTAs and AMT tax credits, we have monetized all of those through 2020, so we are really in a position now where were a normal taxpayer and very pleased to have been able to recoup all of those balances.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, excellent. One follow-up - Chris, in your prepared remarks, I think that was a great statistic about approximately 25% decline in business interruption-related case counts. Im just curious, since we get a lot of questions on this tail risk topic, do you think directionally thats also the trend for the industry and that plaintiffs are seeing that the policy wording is strong?
Chris Swift: Yes, I cant speak to the 25% for the rest of the industry. Obviously thats our statistics, but I think anecdotally you could tell many of the judgments coming out of federal and state court are aligned with the industrys position on interpreting the language of direct physical loss or damage. As we sit here today, I feel pretty good about where all the judgments are coming out, so thats what I would share, Mike. 
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
David Motemaden: Hi, good morning. I had a follow-up question for Beth, just on the capital side and remittance guidance that you gave. On the P&C side, it seems that thats stable with prior years, but if I look at the earnings power of the P&C business, it looks like its up 40% since you last changed it, so Im wondering why the remittances havent moved much since 2018. 
Beth Costello: Great question. Again, I think you now our philosophy is to be in a position where were taking steady dividends out of the subsidiaries. Youre right - if you look at 2018, but if you also look back to 2016 and 2017, the amount of dividends that we were taking out were far exceeding our statutory earnings, so on balance I think where we are, 900 is very comfortable. I think to the extent that we continue to generate earnings at the level that were at, that theres opportunity for that to increase, but we tend to be pretty steady as we think about our dividends out of our subsidiaries. 
David Motemaden: Okay, got it. Thats helpful. Then a question for Chris and Doug, just on the outlook. Im thinking a bit more from a top line perspective. Just thinking about how you guys are expecting top line in commercial P&C specifically as we progress throughout the course of 2021, what you guys are thinking for growth there, and maybe Doug, if you can just talk a little bit more about the Spectrum policy, because that seems like that had some really good new business trends this quarter.
Chris Swift: Yes David, Ill start and then Doug will provide his color. I think the first starting point is just the macro, that were still living in a pandemic, right, and weve only vaccinated, what, 10% of our population, so the first half of 21 and the second half of 21 could look, I would say dramatically different.  Second point is I think youve always heard us talk that were a fairly employment-centric firm with our large comp book and our large disability book, so as employment levels rise, and we were encouraged to see the employment numbers this morning obviously come down, well have to digest really what that means from an absolute number of workers, but again heading in the right direction to sort of rebuild payrolls, which obviously then provides a lift from there.  Third, I would say--again, hopefully you could feel it through Doug and myself that we are optimistic about what we can achieve in the marketplace with our expanded product capabilities, our new industry verticals in an environment where rates are going to continue, I think, at the pace they are, at least for the next 12 to 18 months. You put all that together, and Im refraining from giving you an exact number so dont ask for an exact number, but I think it points to an increasing top line, Doug, compared to what weve experienced over prior years.
Doug Elliot: Yes, I would just add that on the Spectrum question, we launched a terrific, very contemporary product right at the end of 2019. Were feeling terrific about the prospects of that, and we barely get in market and COVID hits in March, so youve really got to take that five or six month period out where we know that sales were off quite substantially in second quarter.  I am deeply encouraged by what happened the last four months of the year. I think its a terrific product, I think the ease of use, the reaction from CSRs and customers around the country is exactly what we wanted, and I think that holds prospects for growth going forward. Again, in light of the economy turning back on, that will be a big condition for us in small, but Im confident that were headed in a really good direction.  Lastly, relative to global specialty and middle and large commercial, we had some significant activities on the underwriting side that needed to happen this year to get back where we wanted to be, a profit turnaround if you will, and I feel really good about those actions that were taken. As I pivot into 21, I think largely many of those actions are behind us, not all but many, the large block of that, and so Im encouraged that theres opportunity for growth and I feel really good about our verticals. I love what the Navigator breadth has meant to our franchise, and were just beginning to explore, I think, the full dynamic of that, so Im bullish about what were going to do heading forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you, good morning. If we could unpack a bit your underlying combined ratio improvement expectations that are included in your 2021 outlook, based on your commentary and others, the driver of rate increases is to get ahead of loss trends, and youve cited social inflation. Could you provide some color of the direction of your current year loss picks and couple that with the rate increases youre expecting to achieve?
Doug Elliot: Lets start with what weve said in the past, which is with the exception of workers compensation, all of the rest of our lines in commercial are exceeding our loss cost trends. I think that still holds, and as such the work and the pricing activity on a written basis that we achieved this year, plus what we expect next year, leads us to believe on an earned basis, were going to see earned improvement in our loss ratios across commercial for all lines, ex-workers comp. I expect some margin compression in small just as we battle through in 2020, but the aggregate of what weve been able to achieve in global specialty and middle market pricing leads me to feel confident that the driver of loss ratio change in those two businesses will carry the incremental improvement that we express in our guidance for 21. Personal lines is a different story, right? We had a very positive low-driving mile year period - nine months, if you will, and we expect those driving miles to return back more to normal, so the personal lines margin and loss ratio will come back toward a more normal level, and thats why you see the pick that weve selected here for 21. If you put personal and commercial together, overall were still encouraged and feel improvement, but there are mix stories inside that you just have to be aware of.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay, thank you. Youve already provided some good color and workers comp and by segment. Im wondering if you could highlight any other business line where youre seeing more rate increases.
Doug Elliot: Tracy, certainly in our specialty businesses, as demonstrated by the numbers, terrific progress - you know, near 20 on the quarter, and across certain lines excellent progress. I do think when I look at property, Im very pleased about property. We have been working on our property book on a bi-parallel [ph] pricing basis now for a couple of years, but Im encouraged that our ENS property book was in the low 20s, our large property book, which is not included in the calc in the supplement, was in the low 20s. Our core middle market, smaller property book, high-high single digits, so Im very encouraged by the progress were making line by line and feel like that sets up for an improving story in 21, which we share with you in our optimistic guidance. 
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you for taking my questions.
Doug Elliot: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead with your question
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. A question for Doug. I was hoping you could share within, I guess at least Navigators, your appetite for really, really large accounts. Were hearing obviously thats where pricing is most dramatic. I just wanted to get a sense of how much of that youre interested in or willing to underwrite. 
Doug Elliot: Meyer, our portfolio appetite now extends across the segments, right, so we obviously have a strong position in small, growing strength in middle with verticals, a really solid national account franchise primarily around workers compensation, and an assortment of specialty products that Vince and his team attack both large accounts, middle market accounts, etc., terrific wholesale distribution - that is an added element of the Navigators acquisition, so I feel like were coming at the market in all phases, all products, all segments, all geographies, and I really like that approach. As I suggested in my remarks, weve had some nice early wins that I think will just be the beginning of how we mature this broad product breadth into our family of what we bring to market. 
Chris Swift: Meyer, I would say again, like a lot of things we do around here, were centered on small, middle market enterprises. That doesnt mean we dont service and find opportunities in the larger segment of the market, but I would have you leave with that most of our property capabilities are geared towards middle and upper middle market, and the multi-billion dollar property schedules, we might have opportunities to participate but--again, think in terms of core middle market to upper middle market is where we like to focus and try to win business. 
Meyer Shields: Okay, thats very helpful. A follow-up to--well, not a follow-up, an unrelated question for Beth. Youve got really, really strong limited partnership results, but do you have the flexibility to say, okay, lets cash out here, or is the proportionate commitment with in the investment portfolio something we should think of as being unchanged?
Beth Costello: As we invest in these partnerships, we do obviously still have outstanding commitments that are there, and we see this as an asset class that we want to continue to participate in. Weve been very pleased with the overall returns there and how our investment team has managed that, so I wouldnt have you think about us trying to cash out. In many instances, youre pretty limited in your ability to do that based on how these partnerships are structured. 
Meyer Shields: Okay, but its fair to assume, let me take it from the other side, that the expected returns will still apply to the higher value at year-end?
Beth Costello: Our expectation over time is that we think that the yields that we outlook to is what one would see - starting to see outsized returns on some of the more seasoned portfolios, and then as were investing in new funds, those would tend to draw in a lower yield originally. You kind of think about the balance of the two, but again you can look at our results over time, our partnerships have performed very strongly, but we typically look at them over the long term, at that sort of 6% level. 
Meyer Shields: Okay, got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good morning everybody. My first question just goes back to the group benefits and the mortality there. Considering that its a younger block from an age perspective, can you maybe talk a little bit about what concentration you may be seeing there by age cohort, by region, by maybe line of industry, from where youre seeing these elevated mortality rates? I guess I was just a little surprised to see this level of mortality from an active employee force.
Chris Swift: Yes, I would share with you, Yaron, that mortality increase is fairly consistent amongst all age cohorts. Obviously the rate of mortality is different by age cohort, but the increase is fairly consistent. I would also share with you about 6% or 7% of our insured population is 60 and older, so we dont have a big concentration in, Ill call it the mature segment of the marketplace, so the direct to indirect effect of COVID is pretty spread across all cohorts, all regions of the country. Were not seeing any particular trend at this point in time other than the indirect cause, as we try to analyze it, we just think its people deferring and not taking care of themselves during the pandemic, and we see heart disease, stroke and cancer deaths up - again, not directly related to COVID but indirectly related. 
Yaron Kinar: Got it, thats helpful color. Then I think you saw very limited utilization of the Navigator ADC this quarter, so do you think youve gotten reserves there to the conservative levels you want them to be at, youve kind of turned the corner? Any thoughts on that?
Chris Swift: Yes, again Id just go back to what weve said before. Glad we purchased it, it was part of our strategy as we thought about financing the overall Navigators transaction. Obviously it slowed down this quarter, but you know in this business, you can never predict with certainty whats going to happen in the future with some of these claims. But the excess level that we have or ht sufficiency remaining in it gives me a great deal of confidence that its not going to go through the top, bottom line. 
Yaron Kinar: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that well conclude todays conference call. Id like to turn the conference call back over to Ms. Spivak Bernstein for any closing remarks. 
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you. We really appreciate all of you joining us today. If we did not get to your question, please dont hesitate to contact us and well be happy to answer any follow-up questions. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that well conclude todays conference call. We do thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Hartford Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Susan Spivak Bernstein, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Susan Bernstein: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on third quarter 2020 earnings. We reported our results yesterday afternoon and posted all the earnings-related materials on our website. 
 For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period. 
 Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could materially be different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. 
 Our commentary today include non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for 1 year. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Chris. 
Christopher Swift: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. In the third quarter, The Hartford continued to deliver strong results, including core earnings of $527 million or $1.46 per diluted share, a trailing 12 months core earnings ROE of 12.3% and 5% growth in book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, from year-end 2019. These results in the midst of a pandemic and unusually high catastrophes demonstrates the progress of our strategic initiatives, strong execution, resilience and the dedication of our employees to serving our customers and distribution partners. 
 Today, I'll review the key highlights for the quarter, beginning with the P&C business. In the third quarter, we saw very encouraging signs on our top line, pricing and margins. First, the total written premium stabilized. Although down compared to prior year quarter, new business was up substantially from the second quarter. As for pricing, the strong momentum of the last 3 quarters continued across most lines. U.S. Global Specialty saw the largest increase at 20%, and our Standard Commercial Lines was also strong, up 8.2%, excluding workers' compensation. And finally, underlying margins benefited from favorable pricing trends as well as recent actions to improve profitability and efficiency across the platform. Overall, Property & Casualty underlying margins, excluding COVID losses, improved 4.2 points versus prior year. The Commercial Lines underlying margin improved 1.8 points ex COVID, as each of our segment underlying margins were better than the prior year. 
 Expanded margins reflect strong rate increases in nearly all lines, excluding workers' comp with stable loss cost trends. In our Standard Commercial Lines, margin improvement also reflected underwriting actions we began implementing prior to the overall market firming. In Global Specialty, the ex COVID combined ratio for the first 9 months of 2020 has improved significantly and is on track to achieve our full year margin improvement goal. I am very pleased with the team's performance, and the integration of this business to The Hartford platform. 
 In Personal Lines, the underlying combined ratio improved 10.9 points from prior year, which was offset by 15.7 points of catastrophe losses in the quarter. COVID-incurred losses in the third quarter were $72 million pretax with $37 million in P&C, primarily from workers' compensation and financial lines and the remaining $35 million in Group Benefits. These losses relate to claims from the third quarter and do not include any increase to previously reported second quarter COVID losses or our legal expense accrual. Included in these estimates are the retroactive workers' compensation presumptive actions taken in New Jersey and Connecticut during the quarter. 
 Catastrophe losses of $229 million pretax were driven by significant storm and wildfire activity during the quarter. The industry experienced its second highest level of third quarter catastrophe losses since 2005. However, The Hartford's loss impact from these events was less than our market share would imply, reflecting strong risk management and underwriting discipline. 
 Before turning to our investment results, let me just say that our thoughts are very much with all those dealing with the many challenges posed by this extraordinary year. While I believe the events of 2020 have once again highlighted the pivotal role played by the insurance industry in helping businesses, individuals and communities recover from catastrophes, it has also highlighted the inherent limitations of the industry. There continues to be the need for a healthy public-private partnership when it comes to issues like changing weather patterns and pandemics. As a result, we are committed to working with industry partners and public officials to find sustainable solutions to these challenges that are beyond the capital capacity of the insurance industry. 
 Turning back to our results. Net investment income was $492 million, up materially from the second quarter, driven by contributions from limited partnership investments as valuations improved. During the quarter, we also made significant progress on our Hartford Next program. As you will recall, Hartford Next is a transformational, multiyear, $500 million program focused on increasing our overall competitiveness. Initiatives are now underway to improve the effectiveness of our operations, while reducing costs, including investing in new automation and improved workflows. We remain on track to deliver lower run rate expenses, as previously shared. 
 Turning to Group Benefits. Core earnings for the quarter were $116 million with a 7.9% margin, including $35 million pretax of COVID life and short-term disability losses. The disability loss ratio was 65.3%, up 0.9 point due to $7 million of pretax short-term COVID disability losses and a difficult comparison to the prior year quarter that benefited from more favorable claim recoveries on long-term disability. 
 The underlying performance of our disability book of business remains quite strong with favorable claim recoveries and incidence trends. We are closely watching long-term disability trends in light of elevated unemployment levels. The life loss ratio of 87.5% increased 6.7 points from the third quarter of 2019 due to COVID-related losses of $28 million pretax as well as updated reserving assumptions for late reported claims. 
 On the top line, book persistency remains solid at approximately 90%. Sales for the quarter were up 81% versus prior year, driven by several national account wins. Despite strong persistency in sales, total premium is down 1.5%. This decline is due to lower premium on in-force cases as businesses reduced their employee base in response to recessionary pressures. All in, from a top line and bottom line perspective, I'm very pleased with our Group Benefits results. 
 As we move through the final quarter of 2020, it is clear that The Hartford's digital journey over the last several years has been an important part of our current success and will be crucial to our future. Despite operating in a remote environment, we have been able to maintain outstanding service and support for customers and distribution partners. Since January, we have achieved a significant increase in the adoption of digital tools by customers, agents and brokers across our businesses. Some examples include: a 60% increase in small commercial endorsements processed online, a 36% increase in quotes that started online for our AARP Personal Lines and an online completion rate of 71% for premium audits. In addition, for the second year in a row, our Small Commercial business plays first for customer-facing digital capabilities in the Keynova annual study. 
 I will close with some comments on the P&C industry hardening price market. At the beginning of 2020, I forecasted a firming pricing environment would continue for 18 to 24 months. I now see the potential for a longer runway. Current market conditions are driving the need for higher rates, even more than a year ago when the firming first started. Factors behind the hardening market include social inflation, which remains a very real concern and one we are watching for signs of increased exposure; catastrophe losses that remain above-average levels as we deal with the ongoing impact of changing weather patterns; a pandemic that continues to weigh on the economy and threatens human health; and a prolonged low interest rate environment, putting added pressure on the need for underwriting profits to make up for lost yield. In spite of the many challenges we face as an industry and a country, I am optimistic about The Hartford's performance in the coming quarters as our results benefit from continued margin improvement, innovation that enables us to serve customers better and initiatives targeting improved operating efficiencies and expense reductions. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Doug. 
Douglas Elliott: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Across our business, we remain focused on the underlying fundamentals, including pricing, underwriting and expense management, while we continue to manage the still emerging impacts of the global pandemic. Multiple catastrophes also provided added challenge to the quarterly results. Nevertheless, progressing levels of economic activity contributed to a much improved top line trajectory during the quarter, and we're pleased with the progress achieved on many of our 2020 initiatives, as I will comment on this morning. 
 Overall, Property and Casualty core earnings were $428 million for the quarter, and written premium was $3 billion, down 3% from prior year. The underlying combined ratio of 90.6, included $37 million or 1.2 points of COVID losses, was 3 points lower than last year. Excluding COVID losses, each of our businesses reported underlying margin improvement. 
 Before I get into the segment details, let me summarize the actions we took this quarter with respect to COVID losses, CATs and prior year development. In Commercial Lines, incurred COVID underwriting losses of $37 million were down significantly from the second quarter. Gross workers' compensation COVID losses were $65 million, including a retroactive provision for presumptive coverage in New Jersey and Connecticut. Offsetting the gross loss was continued non-COVID-specific favorable workers' compensation frequency of $48 million, driving a net impact of $17 million. Financial lines and other losses were $20 million, primarily for D&O and E&O. 
 Turning to catastrophes. We incurred $229 million in the quarter. Industry losses were also elevated due in large part to Pacific Coast wildfires, hurricane Laura, tropical storm Isaias and the Midwest derecho event. We have made significant advances in our CAT modeling and underwriting capabilities. For example, we're confident our incurred wildfire losses in the quarter were lower due to specific underwriting actions taken previously. Over the last 2 years, we have reduced our overall California homeowners policy count approximately 17%, and our footprint in the 5 costliest wildfires this season is down 35% over that same time period. 
 Net favorable prior year development for the quarter was $75 million. We continued to experience favorable loss emergence in workers' compensation, Small Commercial Spectrum liability and Personal Lines auto liability. U.S. professional liability claim activity is also developing favorably. 
 Within the Navigators business, we increased prior year reserves $14 million primarily in wholesale construction. The entire increase was reinsured by the adverse development cover. 
 Turning now to our business line results. The Commercial Lines third quarter underlying combined ratio was 93.7, slightly better than prior year. Favorable property results and a lower expense ratio were partially offset by 1.6 points for COVID losses and a few large marine losses in the international Global Specialty book.
 A few comments about the expense ratio. First, reduced travel and incentive compensation are contributors this year. Second, we're starting to see some modest early wins from our Hartford Next transformation program, which will carry into subsequent quarters. And finally, we continue to benefit from actions we took this year to reduce acquisition costs. As I pivot to pricing, we continue to achieve excellent pricing gains. For the quarter, renewal written pricing in Standard Commercial Lines was 3.7%, nearly flat with Q2. Excluding workers' compensation, pricing was a solid 8.2%, slightly ahead of our strong second quarter. Layering in U.S. Global Specialty lines, brings ex workers' comp Commercial Lines pricing to approximately 11% for the quarter, a very strong result. 
 In Middle Market, renewal written pricing in the U.S., excluding workers' compensation, increased 10.3%, up just over 0.5 point from second quarter and 440 basis points higher than the third quarter of 2019. Property, general liability and auto pricing are holding steady near or slightly above double digits. 
 In Global Specialty, we're also seeing continued strong pricing gains in both our U.S. wholesale book as well as the international portfolio, which is primarily written in Lloyd's. The U.S. wholesale book achieved 26 points of rate in the third quarter, up 1 point from quarter 2. Auto was in the low teens, while property lines are now in the mid-20s and excess casualty in the mid-30s. Both property and excess casualty are approximately 5 points higher than last quarter. Pricing gains in the international portfolio remained steady with very strong results in professional lines, energy and cargo. 
 Let me now share a few more details on our commercial businesses. Small Commercial posted an underlying combined ratio of 87.7, 0.7 point better than third quarter 2019 when COVID losses of 0.5 point are excluded. Small Commercial written premium was down 1% versus prior year. Driven by favorable audit premiums, the result was much better than we expected 90 days ago. Top line will continue to be impacted by somewhat lower exposures as a result of COVID impacts on the economy. Small Commercial new business declined 14% versus prior year, yet it's up 9% versus the second quarter. 
 Spectrum, our industry-leading packaged product, saw a 15% sequential growth and record new business in September. Our new Spectrum product delivers insurance coverage recommendations tailored to individual small businesses, real-time transparent pricing and uses advanced analytics to prefill underwriting information and classify risks for an unparalleled agent quoting experience. I am thrilled with the results and the outstanding feedback received from our agents. 
 As expected, policy retention in Small Commercial was lower in the quarter, largely driven by the billing hold actions from the second quarter. Premium retention also declined, but to a lesser extent, as the average premium of canceled policies was lower, reflecting the impact of the pandemic on Main Street America and the micro segment of Small Commercial. Combining these past 2 quarters, average policy retention remains strong. 
 Turning to Middle & Large Commercial. We reported an underlying combined ratio of 97.7 in the third quarter, 3.5 points better than prior year after excluding COVID losses of 1.6 points. A favorable expense ratio, lower non-CAT property and improved national account losses drove the ex COVID margin improvement. Written premium declined 2% in the quarter, largely driven by the impact of lower insured exposure. New business in Middle Market was down 10% versus prior year but up 32% from the second quarter. Submission flow, hit ratio and average premium in our core Middle Market book all improved over second quarter levels. While retention declined, I continue to be pleased with the margin improvement driven by our pricing and underwriting actions. 
 Moving to Global Specialty. Written premiums declined 2% in the quarter. The domestic U.S. business grew 5% with solid contributions across most lines, while international written premium declined 23%, driven by underwriting actions to improve the profitability of the book. The underlying combined ratio was 98.2 this quarter, 1.6 points better than prior year after excluding COVID losses of 3.6 points. Margin improvement in U.S. wholesale and a lower expense ratio were partially offset by $11 million or 2 points from 4 large losses in the international marine book, including the Beirut and Tilbury port explosions. I do not see these losses as a trend, rather we expect to incur large losses in this book from time to time. We continue to be pleased with margin expansion in Global Specialty. Year-to-date, the underlying combined ratio was 100%, including 5.5 points for COVID losses. Excluding the impact of COVID, we've seen approximately 4 points of improvement from the second half of 2019, almost entirely coming from the Navigators book. 
 Shifting over to Personal Lines. Written premiums declined 5% in the quarter. The result was partly impacted by the catch-up cancellations from the second quarter's grace period extension, along with the continued declines in the agency book. New business premium declined 10%, driven by lower responses, which outweighed an increase in conversion rates. Responses were up a very strong 9% in the second quarter, so some of this decline was expected. Despite lower growth, we had another strong quarter of underwriting results. 
 In Personal Lines auto, the underlying combined ratio of 84.9 was 13.9 points better than 2019. Consistent with the industry, frequency continues to run well below prior year. However, due to the demographics of our customer base, our third quarter frequency reduction of plus 20% has been better than industry results. We expect this trend to return to historical levels with the adoption of therapeutics and the introduction of a vaccine targeted for 2021. 
 In home, the underlying combined ratio of 74% was 2.6 points better than prior year, driven predominantly by favorable non-CAT weather in the quarter. 
 Before I turn the call over to Beth, let me close by saying that I'm encouraged by our momentum on a number of fronts. After a very challenging second quarter, Commercial Lines written premium and new business momentum picked up in the third quarter, gaining traction with written premium almost back to prior levels. Pricing continues to be strong, and our underwriting actions across Global Specialty and Middle Market books are demonstrating progress. And our view of loss cost trends for accident year 2020 have not materially changed. With continued strong written pricing achieved in nearly all lines, except workers' compensation, we are clearly exceeding loss cost trends across most of our book. We need improved underwriting performance to offset the continued downward pressure on investment income, as Beth will describe. I look forward to updating you on our progress and results after year-end. 
 Let me now turn the call over to Beth. 
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. Today, I'm going to review the third quarter results for the investment portfolio, Hartford Funds and Corporate. 
 Net investment income was $492 million for the quarter, which was about even with the prior year as increased limited partnership returns and higher make-whole payments offset declines caused by low interest rates. The current yield before tax, excluding limited partnerships, was 3.3%, down from 3.6% in the third quarter of last year. We expect the investment yield, excluding limited partnerships, in the fourth quarter to decline about 20 basis points from the third quarter, reflecting lower yields on short-term investments and lower reinvestment rates and no expectations for make-whole payments. 
 During the quarter, we reduced our liquidity level, which represents cash and short-term investments adjusted for unsettled trades and securities collateral from approximately 7% to approximately 5.6% of total invested assets at the end of the quarter. With continued strong cash flow generation, we expect to further reduce liquidity levels targeting 5% by the end of the year. 
 Credit performance on the portfolio was very strong for the quarter. We reduced our mortgage loan reserve by $5 million and recognized $1 million of net impairments on fixed maturities. The net unrealized gain position on the fixed maturity portfolio increased from $2.6 billion before tax at June 30 to $3 billion before tax at September 30. 
 Turning to Hartford Funds. Core earnings of $40 million were up 3% from last year. This is primarily due to higher average assets under management combined with lower expenses, largely offset by a decrease in fee income reflecting a continued shift to lower fee generating funds. As of September 30, almost 70% of Hartford Funds outperformed peers on a 3- and 5-year basis. 
 The Corporate core loss of $57 million in the quarter was $20 million higher than the prior year quarter, primarily due to the impact of the company's retained equity interest in Talcott Resolution. For the quarter, we recorded a $21 million pretax loss from Talcott, primarily due to hedge losses experienced in the second quarter, driven by strong equity market performance. In September, we received a cash dividend from Talcott of $30 million. 
 As a reminder, in the fourth quarter, we will complete our annual study of asbestos and environmental reserves. Under the adverse development cover we purchased in 2016, we have $860 million of remaining coverage available for potential future adverse development in these reserves. As Doug mentioned, during the quarter, we ceded $14 million to our adverse development cover for Navigators. After this session, we have $96 million of coverage remaining under the ADC. In September, we signed an agreement to sell the Navigators legal entities that operate in Continental Europe. We were very pleased to reach this agreement as the go-forward focus of our international business is principally in the Lloyd's market. With this agreement, we recognized a loss on sale of $32 million after tax. 
 Finally, we are executing on our Hartford Next initiative. As a reminder, this program will improve our overall efficiency and achieve annual operating expense savings of approximately $500 million by 2022, contributing to our goal of reducing our 2019 P&C expense ratio by 2 to 2.5 points, our Group Benefits expense ratio by 1.5 to 2 points and our loss expense ratio by 0.5 point. 
 We were very pleased with our execution during the quarter and realized savings from Hartford Next slightly above our expectations. We incurred pretax restructuring costs of $87 million, which were recognized outside of core earnings, including $78 million of accrued severance. As it relates to the fourth quarter, I would expect the P&C expense ratio to be about 31.5, which would be about a 2-point reduction from the prior fourth quarter, reflecting continuation of the impacts of the current environment we are operating in, as Doug mentioned, as well as the impact of Hartford Next. 
 Before moving to Q&A, I wanted to provide a high-level overview of our workers' compensation and property reinsurance programs as it relates to COVID losses. We have various reinsurance programs to mitigate losses, including an aggregate property CAT treaty and excess of loss occurrence-based treaties that cover property and workers' compensation. Our workers' compensation program provides coverage of $350 million excess of $100 million for losses occurring from a common origin, which occur within a defined period of time, commonly referred to as an hours clause. Based on current loss activity, we have not booked a recovery under this program as we believe it is unlikely for coverage to attach. 
 Our property CAT aggregate program requires a PCS CAT designation for events in the U.S. Since the pandemic caused by COVID has not been designated a PCS event, COVID losses are not covered by this program. Our property CAT occurrence program does not require a PCS designation and does not exclude pandemic. This program begins attaching for losses in excess of $150 million. If losses breach our retention, we would have the opportunity for recovery under the terms and conditions of the contract, including applicable hour clauses. To date, our property losses do not reach this level, and accordingly, we have not booked any recovery from this program. Additional details on our reinsurance programs can be found in our Form 10-Q. 
 To recap, despite the many challenges in 2020, our results benefited from execution on financial and strategic goals. I'm very encouraged by the underlying strength of our businesses and confident that we have the right initiatives in place to continue to deliver on our stated goals. As per our practice, we plan to share our outlook of 2021 financial metrics in February on our year-end earnings call. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Susan so we can begin the Q&A session. 
Susan Bernstein: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Andrew will take our first question. 
Operator: The first question comes from Michael Phillips of Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Phillips: Chris and, maybe, Doug, in opening comments, you've talked about margin expansion. Obviously, you had some decent amount in Commercial Lines ex the COVID. Chris, your comments for -- with pricing, stable loss trends, and your underwriting actions before the market started to firm has allowed for this and should continue. I guess when you talk about stable loss trends there that's helped your margins, are you also including what we're seeing from COVID with frequency? And then maybe you can give some thoughts on how -- you talked about how that's going to continue in 2021, the level -- or should this continue the margin expansion into full year 2021? 
Christopher Swift: Michael, I'll share my views, and Doug, I know, will share his. So yes, we feel really good about the execution of various initiatives over the last 12 months. And I tried to highlight the impact, even prior to COVID there were certain aspects of our book of business that we were targeted for underwriting improvement, particularly in Middle Market. So a lot of those activities started prior to COVID. I think what we're seeing right now, and if you look at the numbers in the third quarter, we had net $17 million of COVID impact. So there's a gross impact, and there's a benefit, and it's relatively minor. So right now, what at least we feel in workers' comp is an offsetting impact on COVID-related losses from a frequency benefit of just slower economic activity. 
 And as I tried to conclude in my prepared remarks, Michael, the lower interest rate environment, the social inflation factors that are still out there, catastrophes that seem to be elevated in the last 3 or 4 years to my metric-driven mind, all point to that we just need to continue to get after and expand underwriting margins to earn adequate returns on our capital. But Doug, what would you add? 
Douglas Elliott: Mike, I would just add that it was a core priority of ours this year to improve our returns in Middle Market and Global Specialty, for sure. We gave you the underlying ex COVID, so you could look underneath COVID and understand what those changes are. And I'm quite pleased that both those businesses were seeing real progress. We're willing to forego some top line to achieve that initiative. And obviously, those goals were set pre-COVID. But when I look through COVID, I feel underlying 3.5 point improvement in Middle, and I feel the Navigators book is really improving as we expected. So I'm quite pleased by 9 months of the year so far. And I would just conclude with, as Chris and I talked about the forward trends, we talked a lot about written pricing trends. They will earn in, in the ensuing quarters. So we expect an improving earned premium impact as we go into '21. 
Michael Phillips: Okay. Second question on -- you put up about $40 million of legal defense in 2Q. It looks like that's still holding in 3Q, I guess. As you think about COVID and litigation expense, how confident are you that that's enough given, I guess, the spotlight that seems to be on companies like you for COVID litigation? And then any concerns you might have for your exposure should maybe a second, third, fourth, whatever number you want to pick, of shutdowns occur in the near term? 
Christopher Swift: Yes. There's a lot to unpack there. So -- well, I'll try. I would say in our overall COVID litigation posture, we remain very confident in our policy language, how that's been constructed, the clarity, the unambiguous terms that we use. And as we sit here today, the $40 million accrual, we did not change. That's established with a mindset that this litigation is going to take some time to fully resolve. But again, we're confident. 
 As it relates to your last point in the question as far as, I think, COVID impacts in second waves, third waves, however you want to frame it, yes, it's very real. And you could see the beginnings of it right now as the winter turns. So I would just frame it for you from an economic perspective, is that the next 2 quarters are probably going to be a little rough from an economic side. Our forecast would say that we would have about a 3% contraction in the economic activity at the end of '20 compared to '19. But when you then get into '21 compared to '20, we could see a 3.5% to 4% economic expansion, particularly, as Doug said in his comments, as vaccines come on board, as we get more treatments to keep people healthy. So I think the trends are all in the right direction, Michael, but it's hard to predict what is really going to happen in the near term, and that's what we're bracing for. But Doug, what would you add? 
Douglas Elliott: I think that's well said, Chris. Nothing to add. 
Operator: The next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on the capital side of things. You guys have a good amount of capital, $1.6 billion at the holding company. Just trying to get an update on thoughts around repurchases. And what you guys are looking for when you contemplate a return to buying back your stock? 
Christopher Swift: Yes. Thank you for noticing, Elyse. And you're right, we have built up excess capital during the last 7 months. And again, that was partly by design to deal with any unknowns that might come our way. But as we sit here today, I mean, we're still operating in a pandemic environment. The economic outlook is a little foggy, particularly as it relates to fiscal policy coming out of Congress. So I would say we're just waiting for just slightly a little bit more clarity. And then as we head into '21 and we share our business plans with you and our metric drivers, we will also update you on our capital management actions. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then my second question, I was hoping to get a little bit more color on the pricing trends that you're seeing within workers' comp. Are the decreases that you're seeing there still decelerating? I think you alluded to that last quarter. And then can you give us a sense of how the asset in your picks for your book year-to-date this year compared to 2019? 
Douglas Elliott: Yes. Let me start with the first part of that, Elyse. So when we think about color on pricing trends, I would start by saying that there really isn't anything in the quarter that surprised us. Our Middle Market workers' comp quarter-to-quarter pricing trends were about flat, second quarter to third quarter. And we saw a little bit of deterioration, about 1 point, on the workers' comp Small Commercial book, keeping in mind that Small Commercial, as I said in the past, is less subject to underwriter actions, it's more slot-rated, and it's in that small negative single digits in our expectation zone for 2020. 
 So not surprised by anything that happened in the quarter. This is not, Elyse, as you know, a new story. The negative trends were deeper -- slightly deeper last year, and we expected to face into these headwinds on the pricing side with comp now. And we're spending a lot of time thinking about the next several quarters as we and others get ready to make our filings in the various states on the workers' compensation line. So that's my color on workers' comp. I don't think it was a big new story in the quarter from my end. 
 Relative to margins, I guess I would say 2 things. There are a lot of underwriting activities happening in the Middle. So the Middle underwriting story is a combination of underwriting and pricing. And there, I think we feel pretty good about where we are, and I don't see any compression in our Middle Market. In fact, optimistic that we'll see improvement. In Small Commercial, we said to you at the beginning of the year when we forecasted 2020, we expected small compression pressure. And we're seeing that slightly, although 2020 you know has got so many moving parts because of COVID. So we've tried to look through them. And when I give you that margin component pressure, I'm really looking through COVID because, as you know, we're seeing very positive signs of favorable frequency from COVID. So there are a lot of things happening with workers' comp. We're spending a lot of time on the issue. I feel like our team is all over it by state, by geography, by class. But there isn't anything happening in our loss trends right now that we would say would be surprising. We feel like we're on top of it. 
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Shanker of Bank of America. 
Joshua Shanker: I want to push on Elyse's thoughts a little bit. Workers' comp is more regulated than a lot of other lines of business. But also workers' comp is probably more interest rate-sensitive than other lines of business. And obviously, that's a huge driver of what's going on right now. Can you talk us a little about the process of getting rate approvals in workers' comp? It's been 6 months since the big decline in interest rates. To what extent are regulators responsive to that? To what extent is there a lag in workers' comp pricing changes versus other lines? How should we think about 2021 and the way regulators think about interest rates? 
Douglas Elliott: Sure, Josh. I'd start by saying that right now, the industry over the past several months and extending forward is in the middle of filing, working on rate changes for workers' comp for 2021. I would remind you that much of the experience base for those filings would be 2019, right? We're working a year in arrears. And 2019 was a very good year from the industry. So on one side, you have a pretty solid year underlying next year's pricing expectations. On the other, as you described, no question, there's been a change in the yield curve and all companies like ourselves are factoring that in. So you have competing forces, and then I might add, these are very state-specific. So all of us have our own loss experience in the state that we're looking at overall industry experience, our loss experience, trying to factor all that in. And now we have a new dynamic, obviously, with COVID that will enter the picture as we move over the next several quarters. So a lot happening in the workers' comp line, a lot happening in states relative to presumption. Not all states have taken presumptive activity, but that is basically the way the process works. 
Joshua Shanker: And then switching gears to Personal Lines. There's -- obviously, State Farm has announced some big price cuts. There's other large competitors cutting. You haven't grown in Personal Lines in a long time, certainly on policy count. When we think about the next year or 2, do we see a path for Hartford to stabilize its drip of declining policy numbers? And what sort of strategies can Hartford use to maybe even grow that business a little bit? 
Christopher Swift: Yes, Josh, thanks for the question. I would anchor it on our AARP, obviously, relationship where 90% of our business comes from and our renewed contract, our renewed terms and conditions with them, plus our commitment to build a modern platform chassis to help grow that business for their benefit and our benefit. So we've been at it, I would say, quite hard for the last 12 to 15 months. We start to roll out a home and auto product in early '21 on the new platform. We got a number of states that will fast follow after that. So yes, we are thinking dramatically different about the marketplace, thinking about digital, thinking about telematics and really just modernizing our auto and home offering. But that's what I would say. Doug, would you add anything? 
Douglas Elliott: I think that's good, Chris. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. 
Brian Meredith: A couple of ones here for you. First one, I'm just curious, where are we with respect to some of the reunderwriting actions that's going on with the old Navigators book, clearly still causing some pressures on top line? And is that at all impacting your ability to take advantage of this pretty terrific pricing environment where a lot of the, call it, E&S specialty players are seeing really substantial growth? 
Douglas Elliott: Yes. Brian, we are well through what I would say round 1. So clearly into 12, 13, 14 months of the progression. Secondly, I do not think that our underwriting activities are standing in the way of what we're able to achieve on pricing advances for customers that we intend to retain for long periods of time. They just need a different price level and very pleased that we're able to achieve that. 
 And then lastly, I think it's well known, but I'm just going to state it. There are profit pressures within many of the Lloyd's syndicates. And our syndicate has clearly not performed to our objective. And so we've taken appropriate actions to get our margins back where they need to be. And yes, that has meant that we've had more top line pressure than probably we had hoped. But I'm encouraged that our bottom line margin performance will be much improved. And yes, we will take advantage of the pricing dynamic because the market needs it, those products demand it, and we're going to achieve it. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. But as far as the new business outlook there, probably not really good for at least the near term as you continue these fixes? 
Douglas Elliott: I would say that we're actively involved in the new business. Now it has to fit our profile and our activity. So we've made some choices to move away from some of the other European countries, and we've moved away from some classes that we just do not see a way toward profitability. But in our core professional marine lines and others, Brian, we are open for business, and I think you will see further growth as we get out behind this reunderwriting process that is largely behind us. 
Brian Meredith: Great. And then pivoting over to Group Benefits. The margins there continue to be, ex COVID, stellar. How much of that do you think is just the environment we're in right now? Kind of have you kind of rethought what kind of a normalized core margin in that business kind of looks like? 
Christopher Swift: Brian, yes, it is good. It's a good margin. If you really look through COVID, it's comparable to maybe slightly up compared to last quarter. I just would remind you, we did guide to 6.5% to 7% margin this year. I still think that's a good long-term anchor point for a margin on this business that equates into strong returns on capital. So that's what I would say. Right now, it feels good that we're printing the numbers we are, but there's pressures building, particularly from a competitive side, I could feel right now. 
Operator: The next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Beth, I was hoping you could look over or share your thoughts on positives and negatives with regard to reinsurance coverage over the course of 2020, like what parts worked as expected and what parts didn't. 
Beth Bombara: Yes, I would characterize that overall, our reinsurance programs have worked exactly as designed and exactly for the coverages that we were looking to mitigate risk in. So there's nothing that I would point to that would say that our contracts are not in line with our expectations. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. So can I extrapolate from that, that you don't anticipate major changes going into 2021? 
Beth Bombara: I mean we're still right now, obviously, in the process of looking at those renewals, but structurally in the way that the program is designed and the types of exposures that we're looking to mitigate, would expect it to be very consistent. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then just more, I think, of a philosophical question than anything else. But Chris, you've been very consistent in your confidence in defenses against BI. How do you reserve for the likelihood that some courts are going to make bad decisions? 
Christopher Swift: So yes, we -- as we said in the second quarter, we did not put any BI-specific reserves up. So we think the policy language, as I said, is clear, it's unambiguous, and we're going to defend ourselves. So we'll have to see how things play out over a longer period of time. And unfortunately, Meyer, I've spent so many hours with our lawyers reviewing strategy and approach. And I wish there was a quick fix to sort of get rid of this overhang, but that's just not the way our legal systems work. And you're just going to have to be a little patient as we work through this litigation environment. I mean we're still very early in this, and it's just going to take time. 
Operator: The next question comes from Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: Couple of questions. One, with regards to Group Benefits, we're hitting the 180-day mark, I think, now from when the crisis, the COVID crisis began. Do you expect to start seeing some long-term disability claims coming in over the next quarter or 2? And maybe you could talk about kind of the magnitude of those relative to what we've seen in short-term disability so far? 
Christopher Swift: Yes. Yaron, as we said in our prepared remarks, the trends both on recoveries, which is important, plus, obviously, new incidents remain strong. You're right, the first quarter of, in essence, earned premium on LTD is coming out of that 180-day elimination period. And as I said before, we don't see any new trends emerging at this point in time. It's only obviously one quarter. But -- I mean you can see in the data a slight to modest increase in incidences that we're just watching closely at this point in time. But I'm not here saying we've declared a new trend, but it's just clearly a watch area. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then I was curious, if you could respond here to Josh's question earlier with regards to the Personal Lines business side. I think you mentioned that you're looking into digital and telematics. And I guess, intuitively, I didn't think that, that would necessarily be an area that would necessarily be, I guess, most conducive to the AARP market, if you will. So I'm just curious how you're thinking about that. And what do you think the take-up rate would be on digital distribution and on telematics for the AARP market? 
Christopher Swift: Yaron, I'm AARP Hartford customer. Are you calling me digital-naive? In all honesty, it's a changing trend, and it's part of our joint strategy, and I'll let Doug add his commentary. AARP does want to grow in the 50- to 65-year-old, I'll call it, mature segment. We want to grow with them in that side of the marketplace. And digital, mobile, telematics is all part of the future from a number of different perspectives. Obviously, ease, there's some concerns about using credit in underwriting in the future that some regulators are bringing up. And then obviously, the COVID environment, I think, has taught us a lesson of sort of you can have more on-demand insurance in this space. So it's all part of our strategy to modernize that platform going forward. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. 
Jamminder Bhullar: So I first had a question maybe for Chris, Beth or Doug, just on where acquisitions fall in your whole plan on capital deployment. There is one of your competitors that's trying to sort of sell an affinity block, a Personal Lines affinity block. So is acquisition something that you're interested in currently? 
 And then secondly, on Group Benefits, what are you seeing in terms of persistency, both at the case level and, more importantly, at the client level and your outlook for premiums given high unemployment? 
Christopher Swift: Sure. Yes, Jimmy, on the first one, what I would say is M&A is a low priority for us right now. We have, I would say, 50% of the integration activities at Navigators completed at this point in time. We need to finish that. I think there are wonderful organic growth opportunities that we're focused on with our excess capital. And as I alluded to, when we talk about capital management in early '21, I think it's a beautiful time to be buying our shares back, particularly in relation to intrinsic value. So I put it all together, and M&A is just a low priority to us. Particularly, I think the opportunity you're referring to is a mass market Personal Lines opportunity, and that doesn't fit our profile to allocate incremental capital to at this point in time. 
 As it relates to GB persistency, as I said in my prepared remarks, I'm generally pleased with the persistency that's about 90% through the year. So overall, I'll call it, account persistency is good, but the trend that we are seeing, and it just happens automatically, is that monthly payrolls are coming down in all segments, whether it be national accounts or Middle Market or smaller end of priority accounts with unemployment going up in a shock fashion. People are reducing premiums, and that's whats created most of the drag that we've seen, but persistency, new business activities are returning to normal levels, although slightly down. So that's what I would share with you, Jimmy. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. 
David Motemaden: Just a follow-up question for Doug on Commercial Lines. If I look at the accident year loss ratio ex CAT and I take COVID out, it was around 59% this quarter. That was up from second quarter, but still was down 40 to 50 basis points year-over-year. I'm just wondering did you guys benefit at all from any favorable frequency on casualty lines ex workers' comp? Or are you guys still holding your picks steady there? 
Douglas Elliott: David, we are largely holding our casualty picks steady there. We want to see the maturity inside those trend lines. And as such, we feel like those years -- 2020 accident year is still immature in our deeper casualty lines. 
David Motemaden: Got it. That makes sense. And so just thinking about going forward, is 40 to 50 basis points year-over-year improvement in sort of underlying loss ratio a good baseline for how we should think about 2021? 
Douglas Elliott: I would say that we're going to help you a lot more with that question in 90 days. Part of the reason I say that is, there's so many different stories inside Commercial Lines, and we've got to roll it back up. There are lines where our pricing on a written basis are several hundred basis points ahead of loss trend, there are lines where it's tighter. And so as we get a better look at it in terms of what fourth quarter is all about and we kind of pull together our final details with 2021 plans, we will share that with you, but we are clearly leaning into margin improvement next year relative to these lines, where we're achieving strong pricing gains. 
David Motemaden: Okay. Got it. That makes sense. That's fair. And if I could just -- just my second question, on Small Commercial. The top line was a bit more resilient than what I would have thought there. So that's great to see. It sounded like the loss accounts were lower premium accounts. But I'm just wondering if you can expand on anything else that helped the top line there and maybe how you're thinking about Small Commercial top line going forward? 
Douglas Elliott: Yes. Good question. Let me do 2 things with that. And then we can go wherever you want to go. First thing I would say is that we've adjusted our underwriting strategy over these past 8 months. When COVID hit, we certainly increased our referral activity, referral to underwriter activity, taking away some of the abilities of CSRs to quote us and bind us online. And that definitely had an impact on the top line. Over the course of the last 8 months, we've modified that as we've learned more about the virus, and we've worked that through our underwriting protocols. And as such, I think that's given us a little bit of punch, positive punch on the back side of Q3. So I'd start there. 
 Secondly, as you look at our Supplement on Page 14, where we give you some in-depth detail with retention, we've tried to describe for folks that as you look at the PIF retention, particularly with Small Commercial, we were benefiting in second quarter because essentially we had cancellation holds on all those accounts that were nonpaying because of our moratorium. And as they lifted during the month of June into July, depending upon state, we saw the impact downward in the third quarter. So if you put Q2 and Q3 together, you look at a PIF retention that's really stable throughout the year and very consistent with prior years. 
 The same impact is going on with premium retention. So this is a dollar retention. And again, lots of things were happening in Q2. But we're feeling a little bit of the exposure pressure from payroll down in our 82 calc, and I'm looking at Small Commercial in Q3 in the Supp. So I look at the fundamentals underneath this IFS supplement that we share as very solid and very encouraging, as I shared, momentum as we closed out Q3 and jumped into Q4. I say that all with the caveat, as Chris described, that we don't control what happens in the COVID pandemic economic environment. But I feel really good about our engine. I feel like our product, particularly on the Spectrum side, is well understood and now fully appreciated with the digital capabilities. And I'm pretty bullish about where we're going to go in Small, subject to challenges, headwinds of the environment we face into. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Susan Spivak Bernstein for any closing remarks. 
Susan Bernstein: Thank you, Andrew. We appreciate all of you joining us, and please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Second Quarter 2020 The Hartford Financial Results Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Susan Spivak, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations for Hartford. Please go ahead.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on second quarter 2020 earnings. We reported our results yesterday afternoon and posted all of the earnings-related materials on our website. For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period. Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call maybe reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Swift: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. I trust you and your families remain safe and healthy during this pandemic. Our hearts go out to those grieving, ill, or confronting economic hardships. I may begin my remarks with some overarching comments. When we last spoke at the end of April, we were just weeks into the wave of stay-at-home orders that would eventually affect most of the country and much of the globe and the market was only beginning to develop a sense of how sweeping the consequences of COVID-19 would be. At that time, there was considerable certainty as to the scope, duration, and economic impact of the global health crisis. Now, as we enter the second half of 2020, I am encouraged by the progress the country has made in a number of areas, although tremendous challenges and a host of unknowns persist. I want to thank our employees across the United States and around the world, as well as our many partners for their extraordinary dedication during this unprecedented times as we have navigated this crisis together. Throughout this crisis, The Hartford has remained focused on serving customers, working closely with distribution partners, and taking appropriate steps to safeguard the health and safety of our talented team. At the same time, we have continued to execute on our original 2020 strategies, including realizing the full potential of our product capabilities and underwriting expertise, becoming an easier company do business with, attracting and retaining the talent we need for long-term success. In support of these strategic goals, we have launched a new transformational program focused on elevating customer needs, simplifying business routines, further leveraging remote work, and achieving expense savings of approximately $500 million in 2022, as measured off our 2019 expense base. While the initial work on this program predates the pandemic, it is all the more applicable and responsive to the current environment. I am excited about the impact of this initiative, which we refer to as Hartford Next, as it represents the next step in our focus to increase competitiveness and drive operational efficiencies, while continuing to provide outstanding service to our agents and customers. Beth will provide additional financial details in her commentary. Now, let me turn to our results for the quarter. Despite the many challenges we faced, we delivered strong underlying performance with core earnings of $438 million, or $1.22 per diluted share, 3.5% growth in book value per share excluding AOCI from year end 2019 and a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 12.7%. These results demonstrate the fundamental strength of our businesses. In Property and Casualty, our broader product offerings and expanded distribution are providing more opportunities to leverage positive pricing momentum in the areas of the market that are hardening. Group benefits results reflect continued favorable incidents trends in solid sales. The quarter was impacted by a number of unusual items, including incurred losses related to COVID-19 of $251 million, which is based on an exhaustive review of all applicable policies. $213 million of the incurred loss is attributed to our Property and Casualty business and $38 million to group benefits. On the P&C side, COVID-19 incurred losses primarily relate to property, workers' compensation, and financial lines. Of the $213 million attributed to P&C, $101 million relate to reserves for a small number of property policies, in particular, within our middle and large commercial and global specialty businesses, there are a handful of unique policies which were intended to provide a broader range of coverage for specific business needs, such as crisis management or performance disruption. In addition, we have a small number of highly manuscript policies that do not contain a physical damage requirement. We believe the reserves established appropriately cover claims arising out of our property portfolio. Put this small group of policies into context, well, nearly all of our property policies include coverage for business interruption, 99% of them contain a clear requirement that a direct physical loss or damage to property must occur to trigger coverage. In addition to this requirement, 99% of our property policies with BI coverage also contain standard exclusions that we believe preclude coverage for COVID-19 related claims. And finally, we also have a specific virus exclusion on the vast majority of these policies. As I've said many times before, responding to customer claims and doing it well is at the heart of who we are. We are in the business of paying covered claims and that's exactly what we're doing. Unfortunately, when it comes to business interruption claims resulting from this pandemic, we believe it is self-evident that COVID-19 does not cause direct physical loss or damage to property, and that the various stay-at-home orders were issued to reduce community spread, not to prevent property damage. As a result, COVID-19 related claims are outside the scope of our policy terms and conditions and simply are not covered. We are highly confident in our contract language in coverage positions and have put up $40 million in reserves to cover the estimated legal costs of defending our business interruption policy language. Excluding the unusual items in the quarter, commercial lines underlying results continue to benefit from underwriting actions to improve profitability and drive efficiencies, along with accelerating premium momentum, and what can be characterized as a hardest market in decades. At the beginning of 2020, I shared my outlook for the pricing cycle, anticipating 18 to 24-month period of significant rate increases. Now, through the first six months of the year, I have even more conviction that the hardening market in many commercial lines is sustainable with ongoing price momentum, despite the challenging economic conditions of a slowing economy. Our core P&C underwriting platform expanded through the Navigators acquisition is benefiting from higher prices and middle market and global specialty, with the exception of workers' comp. Global specialty results reflect improving risk adjusted returns in the business acquired, driven by underwriting actions taken as we integrated the business and robust renewal rate increases. With the significant pricing momentum in these lines, we are on track to meet or exceed our targeted earnings and margin goals. While the largest rate increases are in lines within our global specialty segment, renewal pricing in our standard commercial lines, also continues to be strong. Doug will provide additional detail in his commentary. Turning to group benefits, I am pleased with the operational execution and financial performance of the business reflecting our strong underwriting and risk management discipline. Group benefits posted solid results for the quarter with core earnings of $102 million and a 6.9% margin. Earnings were down versus prior year due to $38 million before tax of COVID-19 related losses as previously mentioned, a $14 million before tax increase in the allowance for uncollectible premium, and lower net investment income, partially offset by excellent disability results. The disability loss ratio was 62.6%, improved 10.3 points versus prior year, driven by higher recoveries in continued favorable incident trends. We also updated our year-to-date COVID-19 short-term disability assumptions, resulting in a favorable adjustment of $5 million pretax. The life loss ratio was 85.9% increasing 8.1 points from the second quarter of 2019, driven by COVID related losses of $43 million. On the topline, persistency remains solid at approximately 90% and new fully insured sales were $149 million, up from prior year, driven by national accounts. With the recent spikes in COVID-19 across the country, states are continuing to evaluate their respective policies pertaining to social gatherings and stay-at-home orders. These impacts could continue to affect revenue and results in the quarters ahead. As a market leader, our group benefits business is well-positioned operationally to respond to the challenges of the pandemic and the economic recession while continuing to meet the needs of our customers. Let me now close with a few comments about three public policy issues important to the economy and our industry. First, as states reopen and we reignite the nation's economy; millions of Americans will need to safely transition back to work and back to the office. We must ensure that obstacles to this critical transition are appropriately addressed. Be specific, I believe federal legislation creating a timely, targeted, and temporary Safe Harbor against frivolous lawsuits related to COVID-19 is critical to providing businesses of all sizes the confidence they need to reopen. Second, much debate has occurred around workers' compensation presumptions. While we value and appreciate the services and sacrifices of essential workers, it's important to note that the current workers' compensation system has been an American success story for over 100 years. We accept the decision by some states to impose a limited presumption for those who come into close contact with those suffering from the COVID-19 virus in the course of providing them medical aid and treatment. But we are troubled by efforts to alter well-established principles of the current system. The significant cost of expansive presumptions will ultimately be borne by the municipalities and businesses at a time when they are all struggling to recover. In addition, any measures that impede the ability of insurers to appropriately account for an increase in the cost of claims in future rates would represent an unfair tax on the industry. Third, and finally, the devastation caused by this pandemic is unlike anything we've experienced before. Since the outbreak of COVID-19, we have seen governments at all levels take extraordinary action to contain the virus, protect lives, and safeguard the economy. These events in the magnitude of the interventions have made it clear that pandemics and other widespread viral outbreaks are fundamentally uninsurable. That said, we understand the insurance industry has unique knowledge, expertise, and capabilities that can and should be brought to bear to help develop solutions to address future pandemics. We believe a federal response is critical, both from a coordination and funding perspective. In short, a robust public sector based solution is necessary and we are working closely with our industry trade association and the agent and broker community to support the recently released Business Continuity Protection Program or BCPP. This program would provide immediate relief to businesses in the form of revenue replacement assistance for payroll and employee benefits in other operating expenses in the event of a future pandemic. Any federal solution designed to protect against future pandemics should provide timely, effective, and affordable relief to businesses across the country. I believe the BCPP provides such a solution. To recap, The Hartford second quarter results demonstrate solid execution as we adopted -- adapted to the next normal. Despite the challenges of COVID-19 and the resulting uncertainty of the future, we remain focused on investing in the business for growth and efficiencies, while producing top quartile returns on equity for shareholders. I remain confident our company will manage through the crisis and emerge well-positioned to continue to achieve our strategic goals. Now, I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas Elliot: Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. I can't agree more that the challenges are unprecedented and certainly contributed to many other financial impacts in the quarter. Overall, Property and Casualty core earnings were $309 million and written premium was flat to prior year at $2.9 billion. The underlying combined ratio of 97.6% was quite good, considering COVID charges of $243 million. COVID charges consists of underwriting losses of $213 million or 7.5 points and a $30 million increase or 1.1 points in the allowance for credit losses on premiums receivable. I also continue to be pleased with the strong pricing in our non-workers' compensation commercial lines. Before I get into the segment details, let me summarize the actions we took this quarter with respect to COVID-19, cats, and prior year reserve development. Recognizing the economic impact of the pandemic on our customers during the quarter, we responded with several actions, three of which I'll highlight. First, we endorsed nearly 250,000 policies to adjust for changes in risk, returning over $35 million in premium to our commercial customers since the middle of March, reflecting lower payroll and other exposures. In a related action, we also reduced expected audit premium, leading to $100 million reduction in our audit premium receivable. When netted with losses and commissions, this led to a $34 million reduction in underwriting results. Second, we delivered personal auto refunds of $81 million or 15% of the second quarter premium, reflecting favorable frequency trends in the quarter. And third, we extended billing grace periods through May 31 on all policies, while waiving late fees that would otherwise apply. The extension drove second quarter personal lines and small commercial policy count retention, four to five points higher than the historical run rate, and increased Property and Casualty allowance for credit losses on premiums receivable by $30 million or 1.1 points. In commercial lines, COVID underwriting losses, the majority of which relate to IBNR reserves were $213 million for the quarter or 9.9 points. Property losses were $141 million, including a $40 million provision to defend the company in litigation, challenging certain business interruption denials. Gross workers' compensation losses were $75 million, including a provision for those states that enacted presumptive legislation. Offsetting the gross loss was COVID related favorable frequency in the quarter of $40 million, driving a net impact of $35 million. Financial lines and other losses were $37 million, primarily for D&O, E&O and surety claims. Turning to catastrophes, Property and Casualty recorded losses of $248 million, including $110 million for civil unrest. The remaining losses for wind and hail storms were less severe than a typical second quarter. Net favorable prior year development for the quarter was $268 million and contained a number of reserve actions including $400 million of favorable catastrophe reserve development, driven primarily by a reduction in net loss estimates for the 2017 and 2018 California wildfires, which included a $289 million subrogation benefit from PG&E. Continued favorable development in personal lines auto and workers' compensation. Bond reserves development was also favorable in the quarter, while we strengthen commercial auto. Reserves strengthening of $102 million for sexual molestation and abuse claims. And finally, net unfavorable ex-cat reserved development of $49 million on Navigator reserves, primarily in the Lloyd's syndicate D&O and domestic general liability lines. $54 million of the total development was from accident years 2018 and prior and therefore, economically covered by the adverse development cover. Turning now to our business line results, the commercial lines underlying combined ratio was $102.9, increasing 9.7 points over prior year, including 11.1 points for COVID charges. The remaining variance was primarily due to a lower expense ratio from reduced travel and incentive compensation costs and some modest early wins from our transformation program and improved in marine [ph] losses from a year ago. As a pivot to pricing, the industry continues to achieve much needed pricing gains as another positive quarter contributes to a strong six months. This is particularly evident in auto, specialty, and excess casualty lines. For the quarter, renewal written pricing and standard commercial lines was 3.6%, down 70 basis points from quarter one. However, excluding workers' compensation, which was negative 1.3%, pricing was up 7.8% slightly ahead of our strong first quarter. These results continue to demonstrate our ability to achieve rate increases across each of our non-workers' compensation commercial lines. I would remind you that the 7.8% is standard lines only. Adding core global specialty lines would move this pricing measure higher. In middle market, renewal written pricing in the U.S. excluding workers' compensation increased 9.3%, down slightly from the first quarter, but still a very strong result and 520 basis points better than the second quarter of 2019. Property and general liability pricing are each in the high single-digits and auto is now in the low teens. I'm also pleased with the continued pricing momentum and reshaping in global specially. Strong pricing gains continue in both our U.S. wholesale book as well as the international portfolio, which is primarily written in Lloyds. The U.S. wholesale book achieved 24 points of rate in the second quarter, nearly five points better than quarter one. Auto and property lines are strong in the high teens, while excess casually eclipsed 30% in the second quarter, up over nine points from quarter one. U.S. financial lines also at a particularly strong quarter achieving pricing is 17%, more than doubling the first quarter results. Pricing gains in the international portfolio continue their upward trend with very strong results in professional lines, energy, and cargo Let me share a few more details on our commercial businesses beginning with small commercial, which posted an underlying combined ratio of 92.9%, 5.1 points higher than the second quarter of 2019, including 5.8 points from COVID charges. Small commercial written premium was down 9% versus prior year, driven by several factors. New business declined 24%, excluding the 2019 for most renewal rights transaction. Topline was also impacted by a reduction in audit premiums and negative exposure endorsements, partially offset by strong retention. With that said, I'm encouraged with our spectrum new business flow in June and July. July quotes are up 6% and new business is expected to exceed 2019 ex for most [ph]. Middle and large commercial reported and underlying combined ratio of 12.9 in the second quarter, an increase of 12 points over the prior year period including 16 points from COVID charges. A favorable expense ratio and lower inland marine losses contributed to the ex-COVID improvement. Written premium declined 10% in the quarter, largely driven by lower new business and expected declines in retention due to our underwriting and strong pricing actions. Our re-underwriting is intended to improve profitability levels in portions of our book. To that end, I am confident the underlying business is improving as expected. The decline in new business within middle and large commercial, however, is larger than I expected, causing us to look hard at those levels across lines, classes, and geographies. I sense we're not alone in experiencing compressed new business levels during the COVID crisis. I also see increasingly competitive workers' compensation marketplace. However, there is sequential progress with new business from an April low through our current view of July. Moving to global specially, the underlying my ratio was 105.5%, increasing 14.8 points from the second quarter of 2019, including 13.4 points from COVID charges. We continue to be pleased with the Navigators acquisition. The acquired diversification of product offerings has put us in a much better position to take full advantage of this hard market. Additionally, considerable portfolio reshaping continues, including shifting industry and geographic mix, raising attachment points and reducing policy limits. Combining these actions with our sustained pricing work, I'm pleased with the improving risk adjusted returns of global specialty. The early returns are positive. Year-to-date, the underlying combined ratio for global specialty was 101%, including 6.8 points for COVID charges. Considering the impact of the COVID charges and that the underlying combined ratio for global specialty was 98.5% in the second half of 2019, we've seen significant improvement almost entirely coming from the Navigators book. Shifting over to personal lines; let me first say how pleased we were to announce a 10-year renewal with AARP [ph] in May. We also had strong underwriting results in the quarter. We do, however, appreciate that the shelter-in-place guidelines resulting from the COVID environment favorably impacted the strong performance and led to the aforementioned auto premium refund of $81 million. The underlying combined ratio of 80.7% improved 10.3 points from a year ago. In personalized auto, the underlying combined ratio of 86.3% was 10.4 points better than 2019. Frequency was down significantly during the first two months of the quarter, and increasingly less favorable during June as the number of drivers and the corresponding miles driven increased with the lifting of shelter-in-place orders. Claim severity was consistent with what we expected in the quarter. In homeowners, the underlying combined ratio of 70.1% was 9.1 points better than prior year, driven predominantly by a favorable non-cat weather in the quarter. We've had a strong six months of non-cat loss performance in our homeowners book. Let me now step back from our business results and reflect on what we might expect for the second half of the year. As we've seen predicting the course of this pandemic and its economic impact can be incredibly difficult. The status of state reopening plans are constantly changing, as new virus hotspots appear across the country. Within small commercial and middle and large commercial, third quarter total written premium could be down moderately versus prior year. I expect renewal pricing for specially and non-workers' compensation lines will remain strong and mitigate lower new business levels. While there have been encouraging signs in June and July with respect to new business, endorsements, and premium cash collections, the actual results for the quarter will also depend upon the success of gradual reopening and macro-economic conditions. In closing, the second quarter has certainly been extraordinary. Yet as I look through the impacts of COVID-19 on our business, the foundation is solid and diversified. The work we have done over the past five years with our insurance and risk management platform will drive new business growth and strong underwriting results. And our talent is poised to be responsive yet thoughtful to capitalize on risk opportunities in a dynamic market. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Doug. Before I review the results for investments, Hartford funds, and corporate, I would like to take a moment and discuss further our process for establishing loss reserves. Our objective is always to establish appropriate loss reserves to cover the expected ultimate cost of claims incurred to-date. We rely upon multiple actuarial techniques to formulate our views, considering estimates for both reported claims and those incurred but not yet reported. Typically, these techniques project reserve estimates by looking at historical patterns and trends and establishing a view of how claims will develop over time. Obviously, the COVID-19 pandemic is an unprecedented event. Given the lack of historical claim data on which to base loss reserve estimates, there's a higher degree of uncertainty in developing reserves associated with COVID-19. We took this into account in determining our loss reserve estimates for the quarter. For example, IBNR reserves represent over 80% of our estimate, which is higher than usual as we expect for extended claim reporting patterns, given the economic disruption created by the pandemic. Additionally, D&O, E&O and employment practices liability policies are written on a claims made basis and our loss reserve estimate is based on claims reported or noticed through June 30th. In the quarter, we also increased our allowance for credit losses on premiums receivable by $44 million before tax, including $30 million in P&C, and $14 million in group benefits, reflecting a higher amount of aged receivables and the effect of the economic strain on expected collection of premiums. Now, turning to investments. Net investment income was $339 million for the quarter, down $149 million from the second quarter of 2019, primarily driven by a loss on limited partnerships. As a reminder, results for LPs and other alternative investments are reported on a quarter lag. So, the second quarter loss reflects the decline and underlying fund valuations in the first quarter. While equity markets have improved, we are expecting LP results to be better, but still at a loss in the third quarter. This reflects the deterioration in business fundamentals during the second quarter, a more muted recovery in valuation multiples given continued economic uncertainty, and relatively low public equity market exposure and the underlying funds. The current investment yield before tax excluding limited partnerships was 3.4%, down from 3.8% a year earlier and up from 3.3% in the first quarter. We expect the before tax investment yield excluding LPs over the remainder of 2020 to be about 20 basis points lower than the 3.4% earned in the second quarter. The portfolio yield has been impacted by lower reinvestment rates and lower short-term rates. Our yields have also been impacted by our efforts to increase liquidity. Last quarter, I mentioned that we were carrying more liquid assets in our normal benchmarks and that continues in the second quarter. We ended the quarter with almost 7% of our investments in liquid assets. Given improved use for operating cash flows, we would expect to reduce that to roughly 5.5% in the third quarter. The net unrealized gain position of $2 billion after-tax on fixed maturities increased by $371 million from year end, driven by a decline in interest rates, partially offset by wider credit spreads. Unrealized and realized gains on equity securities, which are recorded within net realized capital gains in the income statement, were $75 million before tax in the quarter, reflecting an increase in valuations due to higher equity market levels. During the quarter, we recorded credit losses of $42 million pretax on our investment portfolio, consisting of a $20 million increase in the allowance for credit losses on fixed maturities available for sale and a $22 million increase in the allowance for credit losses on our commercial mortgage loan portfolio based on revised economic forecasts and updated property values. Our fixed maturity investment portfolio is broadly diversified and high quality with an overall average credit rating of A plus. 96% of the portfolio is investment-grade with nearly three quarters of that rated A or better. Turning to Hartford funds, core earnings of $33 million were down 13% from second quarter of 2019, resulting from a decrease in fee income, driven primarily by lower average daily AUM, partially offset by lower variable operating expenses. Harford funds assets under management were up 15% compared to the first quarter, however, they were still down 3% year-over-year. Net outflows were $675 million in the quarter compared with net outflows of $105 million in the second quarter of 2019, reflecting the movement in funds driven by the economic effects of COVID-19. The corporate core loss of $6 million in the quarter compared to a core loss of $35 million in the second quarter of 2019. The retained equity interest in [Indiscernible] which is reported on a one quarter lag was the biggest driver and contributed income of $68 million before tax, compared with $3 million of income in second quarter 2019. The increased income from the [Indiscernible] investment largely reflects the result of [Indiscernible] hedging program. Given how equity markets increased during the second quarter, we would expect to give back about a third of that gain in our third quarter reporting. Moving on to capital management, as you know, we paused our share repurchase activity in March. We have not resumed share repurchases and we'll continue to monitor the economic and other impacts of COVID-19. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI was $45.25 cents, representing a year-over-year increase of 8.9% and an increase of 3.5% from the year end 2019. The 12-month core earnings ROE was 12.7%. As Chris indicated, we have initiated a program to improve our overall efficiency which will achieve annual operating expense savings of approximately $500 million in 2022 and contribute to our goal of reducing our P&C expense ratio by two to two and a half points, our group benefits expense ratio by 1.5 to two points, and our claim expense ratio by half a point. To achieve these savings, we expect to spend approximately $360 million with $320million expense through 2022, of which $130 million will be classified as restructuring costs and will not be included in core earnings. We have included a summary table in the earnings slides, which provides a more detailed breakout by year of the estimated expense reductions and related costs. In the coming quarters, we look forward to updating you on our progress. As we look to the second half of 2020, it is difficult to forecast the business climate going forward, given the recent rise in COVID-19 inflections in many states of the country and uncertainty surrounding the economic recovery. States that had relaxed restrictions on businesses and lessen stay-at-home guidelines are now putting restrictions back into place. As such, there is a range of scenarios in terms of impacts to our topline, particularly in commercial lines and the amount of COVID-19 losses we might expect to see in future periods. As Doug noted, written premiums could be down moderately. From a loss perspective, we will see additional COVID losses due to new incidents in areas like workers' compensation and group benefits. We will continue to monitor claims within financial lines related to the economic strain created by the pandemic. Additionally, we could see impacts to the frequency trends experience in affected lines. The magnitude of all these items will be impacted by how the virus progresses and the actions that are taken to reduce the impact of the virus and the effectiveness of the economic stimulus from the federal government. While there is uncertainty as to the full impact of the virus, The Hartford is well-positioned to weather this pandemic with strong underlying performance, as well as a strong balance sheet with ample liquidity as we continue to invest in our businesses and achieve our strategic objectives. I'll now turn the call over to Susan, so we can begin the Q&A session.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you, Beth. Andrew, we'll take the first question.
Operator: Yes, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from David Motemaden of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Hi, good morning. I'm just a question for Doug. If I look at the accident year loss ratio ex-cat and commercial lines and I take out the COVID charges of roughly 10 points, I get to around a 58% accident year loss ratio ex-cat. That's better than it's been over the last few quarters since you close the Navigators deal of 59 to 60. So, I guess I'm just wondering what was driving that improvement and if there's any benefit from lower non-COVID attritional losses that's flowing through that?
Douglas Elliot: David, on our casualty lines, we essentially did not move our pics in the quarter, the year is still very immature. We did share with you in our workers' comp COVID charts that we had a variable frequency that we did recognize. So, I'd asked you to make sure you've made that adjustment in your ex-cat numbers. But essentially, it was our ongoing loss trends. We still feel like the loss trends that we had talked to you about expected for 2020 are essentially right where we see them today ex-COVID. And so no, no material changes.
David Motemaden: Okay, great. And then if I could just ask a question on the cost to program. And I guess, just if I think about the 2 to 2.5 points in P&C of expense ratio improvement, and 1.5 and 2 points in group benefits by 2022. Just wondering I guess, what is the view on top line levels within that expectation for the reduction or should I think about -- should I think about the, the potential for greater than 500 million of cost saves in order to get to, you know, the 2 to 2.5 in P&C and 1.5 to 2 points in group benefits by 2022?
Christopher Swift: Yeah, David, it's Chris. Thank you for joining us in the question. Though, it's a combination, right, as we outlined, we are looking to extract $500 million of what we would consider fixed cost savings in 2022. But we're also cognizant of the fact that premium volumes may fluctuate up or down, from where we closed out in 2019, which is the measurement base. So, as we go through, I'll call it the next couple years, we'll have to make any appropriate adjustments, because at the end of the day, we want to get closer to all in expense ratio that is least in commercial as close to that 30% mark. And if premiums are greater, that means, we'll have a lower ratio in for the premiums are less we'll look to other fixed and other variables cost to take out to achieve our result.
David Motemaden: Great. Thanks. So more anchored in terms of the expense ratio than the dollar amount of costs. That's helpful. Thanks for -- thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Next question comes from Ryan Tunis of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just me on the Hartford Next, I think, couple questions. And I think first of all, Chris, if you could just give us a little bit more perspective on the genesis of this. I guess, like, what's the long game here? Is it is it your longer term view is that you can offer more affordable policies? Or is this purely a driver to enhance your RV over time, that's, that's the first part. And then I mean, just along with that, $500 million is clearly quite a bit of costs, what are the offsets we should be thinking about? You know, when we think about what might ultimately fall to the bottom line in 2022? Thanks.
Christopher Swift: Sure. But I think the genesis questions is, if you look back over the last five years, I mean, we've been investing in the platform, I think, you know, quite significantly and appropriately, whether it be in product, whether it be in underwriting, whether it be in IT platforms, digital, our data and analytics, capabilities, robotics, and how we could continue to just be more productive. So, I think it's just a culmination of those years of investing and stepping back and saying, we probably need to harvest more gains and then we have to date in rally you know, everyone and this is a company wide effort. Everyone's involved all businesses all shared services. And, you know, we want to we want to harvest the gains. I think our initial point of view right now is to drop the majority to the, the bottom line. But I do want to think about, growth, organic growth, particularly in what we might be able to do in either new areas or existing areas, or potentially, you know, to capture more share, but initial thinking right now is, is more, you know, dropping to the bottom line. And I would say the timing of all this was fortuitous. And at least in my judgment, we had a small team thinking about this in the fourth quarter, doing our benchmarking, and then really, you know, first and second quarters, I would say, Beth and Beth could add her color. And we develop the, the specific action plans, and I'm really, really detailed basis. So that we felt comfortable, obviously announcing it, you know, here today with the appropriate investments that are needed. And when I, when you look at the cost, think of in essence that the separation cost is separate. But there are also, investments that we're still going to make in our platform primarily in the technology side to bring out structural savings over the long term. So that's what I would share with you, Brian, and Beth, I don't know if you would add anything.
Beth Costello: Yes. Thanks, Chris. The only thing I'd add, just to pick up on a comment that that Chris made is. We have been working on the efforts for planning for this over the course of the first and second quarter. So we have very detailed plans that we are tracking to that will achieve these benefits over the next couple of years. Well over you know, 600 individual initiatives, and as Chris said, is across all aspects of the business, but we really are now in execution mode. This is as if we're planning to determine how to reduce our costs, we have detailed plans, and we will be executing to them. And as I said, we'll update you on our progress as we go
Christopher Swift: Off an running.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks. A follow this is probably I am guessing for Beth, but the defense cost portion of the of the BI charge that you took, how do we think about that? Is that mostly -- is that your view of what this is ultimately going to cost you? Or you know, how, I guess how encompassing isn't it was $40 million or $50 million. How encompassing that charge? Thanks.
Christopher Swift: Ryan. It's very encompassing. I mean, we were very thoughtful about it, you know, working in conjunction with our legal team, our general counsel, recognizing that this isn't going to go away overnight. I mean, this is going to be an extended period of time where there's going to be litigation disputes, and it's a multi-year view of what we think we are going to spend to vigorously defend our policy terms and conditions.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question, no -- if I back out that 11.1 points, that's the commercial COVID impacts on some your underlying that's about 150 basis points of year-over-year improvement. So just tie together some of the earlier comments. It sounds like there was nothing kind of one-off, I guess, away from COVID in the quarter. So is that the right level of kind of underlying margin improvement we could think about for the balance of the year and, just, given kind of what you know, now?
Christopher Swift: Elyse, it's just a couple of points to respond to that. First thing is, some of that variance was expense related. So we had a good quarter on the expense side. And you see that in our printed numbers. I'd also remind you that you know that's in addition to the allowance for doubtful account charge, we also took on the quarter sheet out -- you could adjust the quarterly number for what we gave you in terms of the $30 million bad debt change. Secondly, we did talk about inland marine losses being better in middle commercial in the quarter. So, there is some good news on the property side in metal. But essentially, yeah, I think you have it, well laid out.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks. And then my second question, we've been hearing some color about, how the workers' compensation market might be bottoming. Do you guys have some thoughts there? And as we think about, a timeframe on know when we kind of might get to flat and potentially we could start to see some positive rated artists?
Douglas Elliot: Sure, let me start and if Chris and Beth want to add any color that would be great. We would agree that we think we're seeing some bottoming in the workers' comp pricing. That's a -- that's good news. And obviously, it matters deeply to our company. I would add that, if you just isolate factors, the one factor that will now be, joining all the new filings going forward is a very different yield curve assumption in all our filings. In fact, you know, if you look at the 10, year over the last 12 months, just go year-to-year, filing today versus 12 months ago, we're probably talking about 150 basis points plus or minus, and maybe up to three to five points have changed just on rate need alone for yield curve. So the yield curve will be one of the stimulants, and then as the experience works, its way through the process. We expect to see more recovery, but I think a flattening, and maybe a slightly upward trend is fair to look at that scenario. Chris?
Christopher Swift: Yeah, I think it's -- well said Doug. I just looked at some aggregate numbers, maybe at various states, California, New York, we were approaching 100% combined ratio today. So the pressure is only going to get more intense, particularly as you said, as far as, you know, interest rates, although frequencies continue to behave in a very well, at least in our point of view, but I think it all points to, you could foreshadow four to six quarters out, that there really is a beginning of an inflection point.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And one last quick number question on the savings program on to the core expenses. So the charges that you laid out, those hit your segments over that six month through your corporate segment?
Beth Costello: Yeah. So, the expenses that are considered core, those would run through the business segments really the restructuring costs, would run in the corporate segments.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. First, I had a question about just your expectations on claims trends in the disability business. There are concerns among investors that as the economy weakens claims will go up and wondering, are you see the interplay of the weaker economy versus sort of the work from home environment and net-net? Do you see disability margins potentially improving despite the weaker economy or do you expect them to get worse?
Christopher Swift: Jimmy, it's clearly you know, watch area. As you know, historically, one, unemployment rises, disability claims tend to go up. I would tell you that, our data both on the short term and long term side does not show any pressure. But remember long term disability usually has 180 day elimination period. So it does take some time before you would see new incidences, then that could translate into two more claims over a longer period of time. So our insurance trends in 20 year continue to be, again at very low levels all time low levels, although there might be some modest hiccups in certain segments. So it's clearly, a watch item, but it's not emerging in our data yet. But as we make three year rate guarantees, particularly we're in the one 121 season right now, we're taking this all into consideration to provide ourselves an additional margin or additional buffer for potentially more incidences, and obviously a lower interest rate environment.
Jimmy Bhullar: And on workers' comp, you mentioned pricing potentially increasing given sort of the uptake and the combined ratio industry wide, your margins in the business have been pretty good. If pricing does sort of stabilize to improve, do you think your margins could sustain where they are even potentially improve from recent levels, which have been really good?
Douglas Elliot: Think that's a bit premature. And now you're out into a 2021, 2022 conversation, which we're not prepared to have right now. We've talked about the 2020 year, our small commercial book is experiencing some compression and workers' comp margins. That's, that's where we are relative to those prices being negative. So we will continue to update you, but I think it's a little premature to talk about improve margins and workers' comp today.
Christopher Swift: I would add just again, my comments were geared more at accident year results not calendar year. So I'm not sure what your comment was geared at but mine were clearly accident airbase.
Jimmy Bhullar: Yeah, that was -- it was near as well. And I was thinking more about next year then and the year beyond, and then 2022, as opposed to this year but. On LPs you had a loss, obviously, because of the lag effect of the weak equity market 1Q, I was assuming that in Q2 -- in Q3 given that the market had recovered, you would actually see gains, maybe not all of the losses reversed, but at least a lot of them. But I think that's implied that your marks will still be negative. Am I did, I hear that correctly?
Beth Costello: Yes. You did hear that correctly, Jimmy, when we look at it, we don't expect it to be as large of a loss as we had in Q2. But, you know, again, the valuations are not just based on equity markets, some of them are also based on forward look of earnings and so forth. So again, given some of the items that I referenced, we would expect potentially to see still a little bit of a loss there as we go into Q3.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, Great, thanks. Good morning. If we can talk about the workers' comp, presumption, issue and changes, are the presumption changes, largely only focusing on COVID-19. So, when this pandemic is hopefully over, it'll kind of be -- this will be behind us or are the presumption changes also -- kind of permanent regarding kind of any virus or sickness going forward. And so we should be thinking about this maybe a different claims rate in the future, even when the pandemics over.
Douglas Elliot: Mike, let's parse that apart. I would say, in general, the presumption by state new guidelines are targeted at COVID. And most of them have sunset clauses on the backside. So we are paying a lot of attention to the particular state by state. I think as of June 30, there were 14 states, and several of them were very important big states for us. So think about it in the context of COVID and we're working with trades and our teams here to make sure we understand all the nuances. And it's an ongoing matter because there are certainly ongoing discussions in various states today that continue to be important as we think about our workers' compensation line.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And lastly, thanks for the disclosure and the 10-Q on business interruption. I think you kind of talked to more than 150 cases. It seems like based on the data out there that Hartford is -- has kind of involved in a somewhat disproportionate number of businesses interruption cases versus the overall pool. Is there anything we -- any reason why that's the case or anything we should be thinking about? We clearly had good color on the IBNR levels and whatnot. But it seems like there's just lawyers poking at you guys a little bit more than others?
Douglas Elliot: Yeah, Mike, I think I've seen your report on that. I don't know if I agree with it completely. Just given how I think things you might have been counting, but I'm not going to comment upon any specific litigation. But I wouldn't draw any conclusion to us being picked on by counsel, I think. it's fair game for everyone. I think there's a lot of equal opportunity to get sued in these areas these days with some of our peers. But bottom line, as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean, we are highly confident in our policy language terms conditions and are going to have to defend it over an extended period of time.
Mike Zaremski: Understood. I think all investors have been happy to see so far the courts have sided with the industry. So thank you very much.
Douglas Elliot: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yeah, thank you. Two questions. First one, so hopefully we talk a little bit better Doug about some of the reserving actions in the quarter. First, still a little surprise we're seeing, auto liability, commercial auto liability, adverse development, what's going on there? And then also, just the navigators, I know it's got the stop loss covered, but still a fair amount of development there. Is that well above expectations and where's that coming from is it M&A effect andloss picks currently?
Douglas Elliot: So we'll start with auto liability. Our 2019, 2018, I'm sorry, 2018 tech was just a little light. So we felt like we had to top that up, Brian. Commercial auto liability has been a frustrating area for us over the last five to seven years. We have, I think, done a lot of underwriting work. We have priced aggressively. Obviously, we haven't caught all the trends. I think we're on top of it. As I mentioned in my script, our pricing now is in the teens in our middle market book and even stronger in our global specialty book. So if we understand it, I think we're in a better reserved position. And yes, it's been a little bit of a nagging issue that Beth and I just wanted to get on top of. Relative to navigators, I would describe the international DNO as specific situations that we had to make adjustments for in our reserves. There were certain cases that we just felt like our case reserves were not adequate. And then, in the U.S. book, I talk about general liability, we just strengthen our tail factors on the backside of some of our curves. So those are the two areas that in NAV, I think we made the appropriate adjustments with. Again, we understand that book more deeply today than we certainly did the day we purchased it, and I feel good about where we are.
Beth Costello: And I just would add that to your other questions Ryan, it does not change our view of our current accident year picks, we feel very good about how that book is performing, feel very good with the progress that we're making on improving the profitability associated with that. So from that standpoint, no change there.
Douglas Elliot: Brian just had one other comment, just on the overall feel. I continue to be really pleased with the overall performance of the acquisition, the team, the talent that we talked about. Modestly, I think our timing was really, really good, didn't know that we're going to go through a hard market, but we'll take a little tail wind at our side. And again, if you really remember when we announced this transaction, we purchased an ADC cover because we knew their reserves were short. We were willing to absorb obviously call it a loss layer of that the first 100 million, but then we did transact with a third-party to transfer all that risk from there. So we knew they were short. That's why we did the ADC. Honestly, it's not surprising to see where they're at right now. But that's the context of how we're thinking about the deal, and specifically the ADC.
Christopher Swift: And I would just close, Brian on the liability pieces, we've talked about this publicly. We wanted more general liability, liability expertise in our portfolio. It was an area that we were working on organically. And so as we acquire the navigator, which is a core fundamental throughout their product family, we do that in a time of increased loss trend we understand that, and we've had to make some adjustments along the way. So I think that all sets up what happened in Q2 and over the last couple of quarters.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks. And then second question, Chris. Just going back to some of your initial comments about the safe harbors that in the federal stimulus that we -- that the industry needs. I'm just curious, as you think about this going forward, what does it mean, if we don't get it? Is that something that you kind of contemplate in your kind of current casualty picks that maybe we do see a pickup in litigious activity? I mean, there's an article in the journal about it today. And is there any way that you can protect yourself as a commercial carrier with policy wording or anything are you doing that from some potential pickup in lawsuits?
Christopher Swift: Yeah, it's a great point, Brian, I think it would add only to the impact of social inflation that we're experiencing today that everyone's talking about. So, yeah, I would say it's bad now and it could get worse going forward, if there isn't -- as I said temporary relief, right. I mean, we want people to try to go back to work and reopen the economy. And as long as there isn't called gross negligence or just bad behavior in players, I think vast majority would know better, but there's still needs to be a level of protection. I don't know what's feasible as far as litigation going forward, I hear more and more litigation each day that has happened as people think about returning to work and/or wrongful death claims this morning. I think really what it means is particularly in all our policies and we take a proactive stance in looking at policy terms and conditions and appropriate communicable disease exclusions are already in a lot of our general liability policies. But we'll continue to just be thoughtful and take necessary action we're appropriate with policy terms and conditions.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good morning, everybody. Thanks for us squeezing me in here. Just a couple of questions. One, looking at small commercial, I think you call out a couple of COVID items that impacted year-over-year results, I think if we check those out we got, still got to some year-over-year improvement. So want to hear what the favorable offsets were, Doug I think earlier, in response to another question you were talking about potential expense ratio improvements, but any color you can offer in small commercial will be appreciated?
Douglas Elliot: So I think about small commercial, and I'm assuming you're looking at margin and xx. Essentially, when you adjust our quarterly underlying for COVID, you get an 871, which is, I think, a really competitive, terrific answer for their business. I have commented that we were impacted by COVID-19, relative to production, commented we expected that in the quarter, we watched that I'll also will share with you that our on the glass underwriting tool early March, when we saw this thing coming, we made adjustments on the glass for referrals to underwriters and certain classes that we just wanted extra sets of eyes and I'm sure that influenced a bit of the flow during the first 60 days. So, there are a lot of subtle factors that go into how we run that business, but I feel very good about our underlying margin, the adjustments we've made, and our go forward prospects. With all that said, we have to understand that we were watching carefully the reopening across the country. And we can't do this all on ourselves, we have to participate in the economy in large.
Yaron Kinar: Doug, what I was trying to get out is, I think once you take out the COVID losses, the margin, -- the underlying margin actually improved in small commercial. And since you've called out some of the negatives, I was just curious as to what some of the favorable offsets were?
Douglas Elliot: Well, there's a little bit of good news on the expense side. And I would say largely on the loss side, we didn't adjust many of the other picks. So we commented on the workers' comp news relative to COVID and quite a bit of that would be small commercial. But I don't think Yaron there's much else to talk about this one. We're talking about tense as opposed to significant points.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Okay. And then my second question, I'll just start off by saying I thought the disclosures around COVID were really excellent this quarter, so thank you for that. But I'm greedy in nature, so always looking for a little more. And I was just curious with regards to the $100 million property COVID loss, specifically that the portion that came from physical -- the policies without a physical damage trigger. Were you taking kind of full limit losses there? And also just curious as to why you're taking a quantitative approach on the -- on those policies that have physical damage triggers saying another 99% of policies, yet you're keeping the disclosure around virus or more qualitative, just in vast majority. Just wondering what's the thought process around the different treaty between the two was?
Christopher Swift: Yaron, it's Chris. So what I would share with you on I'll call it the 99%. It's basically to sort of reinforce that business interruption is standard in most policies, but it does have a physical loss requirement. The second point that we were -- we have been making to people that we will listen is that, besides the direct physical loss requirement, we also have broad pollutants and contamination exclusions in again 99% of the policies, and those exclusions really bar coverage for any material that threatens human health or welfare. And then the third layer is like we said, virus, the virus exclusion which is the vast majority of our policies and that's how we think about sort of how policies are constructed. And sort of the terms and conditions and how it really works. And I almost think it as a waterfall. So you don't even get the virus, if you don't have a direct physical loss. And that's why I sort of put it last in the waterfall.
Yaron Kinar: Okay.
Christopher Swift: As far as it 100 million and the 1 million any additional detail at that point in time as far as policy limits and things like that, I'm just not going to comment upon. I mean, we looked at it in aggregate. We know what the policy limits are. We know what claims are coming in for you. We did exposure analysis on future claim activity that might come in and that's our number, and that's all I'm going to say.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Susan Spivak for any closing remarks.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you. We appreciate you all joining us today. If we didn't get to your question on the call, please contact me and we are happy to follow-up. Talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to The Hartford Q1 Earnings Release and Webcast Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Susan Spivak, please go ahead.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on first quarter 2020 earnings. We reported our results yesterday afternoon and posted all of the earnings-related materials on our website. For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period.Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings.Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call maybe reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for 1 year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher J. Swift: Good morning and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. While The Hartford started 2020 with significant momentum, since our last call on February 4th all aspects of society and the global economy have been fundamentally changed by COVID-19. In light of that I plan to spend the bulk of my time today focused on the pandemic including how we are responding and how we are preparing for what comes next. I want to begin by recognizing the human toll the pandemic is taking on behalf of The Hartford and are more than 19,000 employees. My heart goes out to those who are affected by the virus. I pray for a full recovery for those who are sick and extend my deepest gratitude to the healthcare professionals caring for them, along with all the other workers on the frontline of this crisis.I also want to acknowledge the millions of people who are struggling in other ways, including those who have lost jobs and livelihoods, those who are trying to balance working from home with child care and home schooling, and those already vulnerable or suffering from the isolation brought about by physical distancing. People in businesses are facing circumstances they've never encountered before. Now, more than ever, they seek strong leadership at all levels across all sectors of our society to navigate through this crisis in a way that protects public health and safety and steer us towards economic and social recovery. At the Hartford, we are committed to doing our part.The company took quick and appropriate action in response to the pandemic. Our first priority was to ensure the health and safety of our employees and their families. Thanks to the investments we've made in our capabilities over the past several years and the extraordinary recent work of our technology team, we were able in mid-March to immediately and seamlessly transition more than 95% of our employees to a virtual environment. Since then, our team has continued to provide uninterrupted support and outstanding service that our customers expect. I'm incredibly proud of the resiliency demonstrated by our employees and their commitment to our stakeholders during this crisis, which speaks to The Hartford's character.We have also taken a number of steps to help our policyholders navigate through this crisis, including providing payment flexibility, refunding personal auto customers, and making premium adjustments for changes in exposure all of which Doug will comment upon further. We have also significantly increased our communication efforts with agents, brokers, and customers in the hopes of reducing some of the uncertainty they face during this unique time. To support our communities, The Hartford has donated in excess of $1 million to several organizations on the frontline of this crisis, including the CDC and the Center for Disaster Philanthropy. And we have enhanced and accelerated our annual campaign supporting regional food banks like Food Share.As we have reacted to the immediate impacts of the pandemic on our customers and operations and the world around us, we've maintained a strong focus on preparing for the next normal. We've entered 2020 in a position of strength, focused on execution and in the first quarter, we continued to generate an industry leading 12 month core earnings ROE of 13.3%. First quarter results and our Property and Casualty business benefited from pricing momentum, lower catastrophe losses, favorable non-catastrophe weather, and lower auto claim frequency. As a navigator's integration progresses -- underwriting actions to improve profitability, coupled with rigorous execution of renewal pricing and rate increases are driving an improvement in underwriting margins compared to the second half of 2019.The business impact from COVID-19 was approximately $50 million pre-tax in the first quarter including $16 million of increased claims in short-term disability and from expanded benefits under New York's revised disability and paid family leave legislation. A $10 million reduction in estimated auto premiums receivable and a $24 million increase in the allowance for current expected credit losses on premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverables, and other balances. Doug will provide additional details on our Property and Casualty results.Before I return to the topic of COVID-19 and how we are thinking about the next normal, I'll spend a few moments addressing our first quarter Group Benefits performance. For the quarter Group Benefits posted core earnings of $115 million with a margin of 7.8%. These results were above expectations and reflect the strength of our book of business. Persistency and the combined employers block of business was approximately 88%. It was a solid sales quarter across market segments and product lines with fully insured ongoing sales of $385 million. The overall loss ratio improved by 2.8 points, driven by favorable life, involuntary results which were partially offset by increased disability loss ratio. Excluding the effects of COVID-19 previously discussed disability underlying trends remain favorable with strong recoveries in recent accident years. Incidents trends were consistent with recent experience, albeit slowing year-over-year improvement.As we look forward, we anticipate increased claims activity from COVID-19, primarily in short-term disability and life insurance as well as statutory paid family leave benefits in certain states. The virus has proven so far to be less acute for individuals under the age of 65, which is the vast majority of our business. However, it is clear that people of all age groups and demographic profiles are at some level of risk. We expect higher claim volumes in all these lines throughout the second quarter. Beyond that, the variables driving elevated losses are highly dependent on how well the virus is contained and ultimately treated. More broadly, the economic impacts of efforts to contain COVID-19 is also a factor to be considered as we look forward.We are facing a recessionary environment that was triggered by a very unique circumstance and historical correlations may not prove to be predictive. Nonetheless, disability incidence levels may increase over the next 12 months. We had been anticipating some increase previously, however, COVID-19 may accelerate and deepen that trend. We are adapting rapidly to all these changes operationally and in pricing and underwriting. Our most important priority is to meet the needs of our customers and our employees during the crisis. The group benefits business is a market leader and enters this period of uncertainty with a strong operational and financial foundation. I am confident we will emerge from this pandemic in a continued strong position.Now, I'd like to make some general comments about the challenges we face as a country, the role of the insurance industry, and how I think about The Hartford's future. The economic challenges we face are truly unprecedented. The shelter at home mandates shut down entire sectors of the economy, leading to a projected 25% decline in GDP in the second quarter, a 25% drop in our estimated new business startups in the last six weeks, unemployment rates above 10%, and historically low interest rates. We applaud the Federal Reserve, the Trump administration, and Congress for taking quick and necessary steps to assist the capital markets and support local businesses and individuals. These early steps have provided critical assistance to our economy and the American people.Only the federal government has the tools and resources to address the extraordinary threat posed by this fast moving global pandemic and the economic fallout from the necessary orders closing businesses across the country. That said it will take significant partnership and coordination between federal, state, and local governments along with help from the private sector known for profits and the American people to defeat this virus and safely reopen the economy. As always, the insurance industry will play a critical role in helping the country return to growth and prosperity.As an industry, we are actively paying claims resulting from COVID-19. The Property and Casualty sector entered the year in a strong position, but the sharp downturn we are experiencing will pressure growth and profitability. While the industry is prepared to meet its current obligations, it cannot accept retroactive changes to its policy obligations. There's been a lot of debate and discussion in the media and various legislatures across the country about business interruption. The vast majority of The Hartford's property policies that include business interruption in civil authority coverage require losses to be caused by direct physical damage or loss to property. Any effort to retroactively rewrite these contracts, presume coverage, or remove exclusions would threaten the very foundation of the insurance industry, the sanctity of contracts under our Constitution, and the principles of a free market economy. Doing so would threaten the ability of carriers to pay losses rising out of everyday covered perils our customers will inevitably face in the months and years ahead.We understand that policymakers and regulators are under extraordinary pressure to provide even more assistance to businesses they represent, but unlawfully and unconstitutionally shifting those losses from one industry to another is not the answer. The industry has an obligation to vigorously defend the terms and conditions of its insurance contracts and preserve the principle that premiums are paid for specific risks covered by the insurance policy.Turning to The Hartford, some of our businesses will be impacted more significantly than others. The size and duration of the impact will depend on the pandemic's ultimate effect on the economy. We expect elevated claims activity in such lines as workers compensation, short-term disability, surety, and [indiscernible]. We also expect to see some exposure's decline and while it's still very early, we anticipate corresponding declines in claims. We also expect additional pressure on net investment income. In short, we believe this to be an earnings event not a capital event.Well, these days are certainly the most turbulent of our generation. I remain confident about The Hartford's ability to manage the uncertainty of this crisis over the coming quarters. We have a strong and well capitalized balance sheet with ample liquidity. When we defeat this pandemic, there will be inevitably significant shifts in consumer spending habits, forcing businesses to change how they operate. We will be ready with products to meet the changing needs of our customers. Small business is the backbone of the U.S. economy and we will play an integral part in the eventual recovery. The Hartford as the leading insurer of small business will continue to protect our customers against the covered losses they face every day, allowing them to return with confidence to financial self-sufficiency and growth. We will continue to work with the federal government to create innovative tools the administration can use to provide assistance to those who need help. We will work alongside our peers, policymakers, elected officials, and public health experts to develop a national solution for managing pandemic risk going forward in support of a resilient and well functioning economy.My optimism for the future of society, the economy, and our company is grounded in The Hartford's history. For more than two centuries we have navigated through a host of global crises, including multiple recessions, two world wars, and the 1918 influenza pandemic. Based on the resiliency that is core to who we are, I believe we will emerge from this crisis even stronger. As we have always done, we will continue to leverage our expertise, capabilities, experience to deliver on the promises set forth in our policies. This means prudently managing our business to ensure we are able to meet our financial obligations many years into the future. Most of all, it means approaching every customer interaction with transparency, speed, and empathy.Our company's purpose is clear, we underwrite human achievement. We know who we are and what we stand for. Circumstances have changed and we must remain agile in response but we are unwavering in our commitment to our customers, our partners, our communities, and our people. With the combination of our heritage, talented and dedicated employees, and our strategy for future success, I am confident that we have what we need to thrive. Now, I will turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas Elliot: Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. I echo your sentiment for those individuals and families impacted by COVID-19, as well as our deep appreciation for frontline workers who are protecting and supporting all of us. Against that backdrop let me share a commentary on the first quarter as well as perspective on our business in the face of this pandemic. Property and Casualty had a solid first quarter. Core earnings were slightly better than both last year and our expectations. I'm pleased with the continued pricing momentum that is critical to improving the financial performance of both middle market and global specialty.Let me get right into our business results. Commercial lines first quarter combined ratio was 99.1, increasing 3 points versus 2019. The underlying combined ratio was 94.9 increasing 2.2 points. The deterioration was primarily due to expected compression and workers compensation margins in small commercial, higher expenses and the inclusion of Navigator's partially offset by favorable non-CAT property results. For the quarter with no written pricing in standard commercial lines was 3.8%, up 30 basis points from fourth quarter. Excluding worker's compensation, pricing was 7.4%, up nearly a point over fourth quarter, including incremental monthly progress over the past three months.In middle market, renewal written pricing in the U.S., excluding workers compensation, increased 9.4%, up 180 basis points from fourth quarter and 570 basis points from first quarter of 2019. Both property and general liability pricing improved over 2 points since the fourth quarter and are now each in the high single-digits. In middle market, excluding workers compensation we've now achieved incremental pricing gains for five consecutive quarters.On our last call I provided quite a bit of texture to the pricing story in global specialty. Let me provide a few updates. We continue to experience strong pricing gains in both our U.S. wholesale book as well as the international portfolio, which is primarily written in Lloyd's. The U.S. wholesale book achieved 21 points of rate in the first quarter, over 2 points better than the fourth quarter. Several lines continued to achieve in excess of 20%, including property, auto, and excess casualty. The international portfolio also had equally strong pricing gains with continued emphasis on professional lines and energy. Additionally, considerable portfolio reshaping continues, including shifting industry and geographic mix, raising attachment points, and reducing policy limits. Combining these actions with our sustained pricing work, I'm pleased with the improving profit trajectory.Let me pivot to Property and Casualty's loss results. Catastrophes were relatively modest and outside of the unfavorable development on U.S. Ocean Marine and Lloyd's Syndicate Reserves that were covered by ADC, prior year development on all other lines was insignificant in the quarter. COVID-19 loss trends were immature at March 31 and therefore had a limited impact on our results.Let me share a few more details on our commercial businesses, beginning with small commercial, which had another very strong quarter, posting an underlying combined ratio of 89.3. The current accident year loss ratio improved eight tenths of a point as favorable non-CAT property results more than offset the margin compression in workers compensation. As discussed in the past, this expected compression was driven by negative workers compensation pricing. In addition, as you'll see across property and casualty segments, expense ratio deterioration was driven by lower 2019 state tax assessments and a higher bad debt allowance recorded this quarter. The bad debt allowance increase was 12 million in small commercial and 18 million across property and casually reflecting the expected impacts of higher customer defaults.Small commercial written premium was flat to last year. Our new business sales for the quarter were 157 million, down 10%. This decrease was driven by the new business written in 2019 from the foremost renewal rights transaction. Middle and large commercial reported an underlying combined ratio of 100.4 in the first quarter, an increase of 2.3 points. In addition to the expense items mentioned earlier, approximately 1 point of the increase related to a higher current accident year loss pick for general liability.Written premium increased 5% driven by strong growth in loss sensitive construction and the addition of the Navigator's retail excess casualty business. Retention and new business production and standard commercial middle market business both declined due to rate and underwriting actions we're taking across the book. In global specialty the underlying combined ratio was 96.4, improving 2.1 points from the second half of 2019. As I mentioned earlier, pricing and book reunderwriting actions are drivers of the improved results. In addition, global specialty delivered 217 million of direct new written premium in the quarter. We remain very encouraged about the breadth of our new product offerings and the long range core earnings forecasts for global specialty.Shifting over to personal lines, we're pleased with the performance producing an underlying combined ratio of 86.6, improving 2.5 points from a year ago. In personal lines auto, the underlying combined ratio of 90.9 was 2.7 points better than 2019. Favorable frequency trends driven by the relatively mild winter and shelter in place guidelines contributed to the improved results. Severity was largely in line with expectations.Now let me step back from our business results and reflect on the new challenges that COVID-19 will bring over the coming quarter and into the rest of the year. Operationally, we executed flawlessly. In a matter of days from decision to execution almost our entire team moved to fully remote status without missing a beat. The resiliency of our employees and their dedication to brokers and customers during the past seven weeks has been inspiring. As we look ahead to the next few months I would offer a few key points as it relates to the global pandemic. First, we communicated adjustments to normal business practices, including providing additional time to pay premium and offering flexible payment options. Extending billing grace periods through May 31st and the waiver of any late fees that would otherwise apply. Relaxing policy, renewal requirements, and deadlines as well as premium audit obligations and adjusting policy conditions to be responsive to extended vacancies caused by shelter in place guidelines. In addition, since mid-March, we've endorsed more than 80,000 policies and returned over 15 million of premium to customers. We've also announced a 15% refund of April and May's personal auto premium due to a reduction in miles driven and lower reported claims.Second, we expect that COVID-19 will have an impact on our premium flows. Let me start with small commercial. We expect our normally strong retention's to be impacted by both reductions and exposure, as well as business closures. Reductions and exposure will likely be driven by lower customer payroll and sales primarily impacting workers compensation, but also our business owners policy spectrum to a lesser degree. Our new business activity clearly slowed in the latter half of March and into April consistent with U.S. Census Bureau statistics that point toward an approximate 25% decline in national new business applications. We expect a similar drop in new business premium for the full second quarter. Written premium could be down approximately 15% in the second quarter. Relative to middle, large and specialty, we expect retention and pricing trends in the second quarter to remain generally consistent with prior quarters. Risk managers are juggling many priorities, and I expect customers will change carriers less often in this environment. This obviously means that new business levels will be off. Exposure reductions by way of endorsement will continue but not to the extent of small business.Finally, there's been much written about losses related to the virus, much of it misinformed. We continue to pay claims according to our contract terms and conditions. As Chris said, we will vigorously defend against any and all attempts to unfairly disregard or broaden the terms and conditions of our policies. These contracts have formed the foundation for our industry over decades. We will contest retroactive changes at every corner. As I close, let me again express my confidence in my teammates here at The Hartford. We've built a strong foundation for our future. Our insurance and risk management platform is poised for greater success as both organic and new capabilities blend together. We'll be thoughtful with our decisions dealing with this pandemic, and we will continue to be the company our customers, agents, and shareholders can count on. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Doug. I will review results for the investment portfolio, Hartford funds, and corporate and cover a few other items before turning the call over to Q&A. Before I begin with a discussion of our investment results, I'd like to point out that we have included new supplemental information on our investment portfolio this quarter in the appendix of our earnings slide presentation. Our investment portfolio is broadly diversified and high quality, with an overall average credit rating of A Plus. As the business cycle aged over the last couple of years we were active in reducing the risk profile of the portfolio and as a result have relatively small allocations to below investment grade securities, equities, and limited partnerships.The fixed maturity portfolio is 96% investment grade with nearly three quarters of that rated A or better. The corporate exposure to higher risk industries including energy, leisure, and entertainment and airlines is very manageable and largely investment grade with a significant percentage and private placements that offer covenants to better protect our investment. We deliberately seek to diversify our corporate and municipal risk through our allocations to structured products and commercial mortgage loans. Our structured product holdings are very high quality with an average rating of AA Plus and 95% rated single A or higher. Our commercial mortgage loan portfolio is diversified with a loan to value ratio of 52% and debt service coverage of about 2.5 times coming into this crisis with no exposure to hospitality or retail malls.In addition since the end of March we reduced our equity exposure taking advantage of the bounce in equities to further reduce risk investing the proceeds primarily in high quality fixed income investments. Net investment income was 459 million for the quarter down 44 million from the fourth quarter of 2019 driven in part by lower income from make whole [ph] payments and mortgage loan prepayment and valuation declines on equity fund investments in first quarter 2020. For the quarter the current yield before tax excluding limited partnerships was 3.3%. For the second quarter we would expect the yields to be flat with the first quarter. We have taken actions to increase liquidity to offset the expected decrease in premium receipts to the COVID-19 including the effect of the billing relief that we have provided to our policyholders. For the second quarter yield outlook of 3.3% the impact of this increase in liquidity is roughly offset by the assumed absence of the valuation declines in equity fund investments experienced in the first quarter.The annualized limited partnership return was 13.2% in the first quarter primarily due to strong private equity valuations and distributions. As a reminder LP returns are reported on a quarter lag so we would expect to see second quarter results negatively impacted by the market decline in the first quarter. The net unrealized gain position of $600 million after tax on fixed maturities decreased by 1.1 billion from year-end driven predominantly by significantly wider credit spreads partially offset by lower interest rate. Unrealized and realized losses on equity securities net of gains on equity derivatives which are recorded within net realized capital losses in the income statement were 311 million before tax in the quarter reflecting the impact of the equity market decline. During the quarter we recorded impairments of 17 million pretax in our fixed maturity portfolio consisting of 12 million of credit impairments and 5 million of intent to sell impairments.Turning to Hartford funds, core earnings of 44 million were up 57% from first quarter of 2019 and up 4 million from the fourth quarter of 2019. Core earnings in the quarter included a benefit of 12 million pretax driven by a reduction in the contingent consideration payable related to the 2016 Lattice acquisition. Assets under management for our exchange traded products on which the contingent payment is based are down significantly due to market declines. Excluding this adjustment first quarter core earnings would have been 35 million compared to 28 million in the 2019 first quarter, reflecting higher average AUM of 7% despite the decline in AUM at the end of the first quarter which was down 20% from December 31st.Gross sales were up significantly in the first quarter from prior periods. However, net flows were a negative 1.4 billion in the first quarter driven by redemptions compared to net positive flows in first quarter 2019 of 874 million. The corporate core loss was 64 million in the quarter compared to a core loss of 15 million in the first quarter of 2019. The retained equity interest in Talcott which is reported on a one quarter lag generated a 3 million loss after tax in first quarter 2020 compared with income of 22 million after tax in the first quarter of 2019. In addition net investment income in corporate was down 15 million before tax from the prior year period due to a decline in invested assets for holding company primarily due to the acquisition of Navigators in the second quarter of 2019 and the impact of lower short-term investment yields. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI was $44.07 up 1% from year end 2019. Core earnings ROE over the last 12 months was 13.3%.We ended the quarter with approximately 800 million in holding company resources. In March we repaid 500 million of maturing debt with a coupon a 5.5%. In the first quarter we repurchased 2.67 million shares for $150 million. We have assessed our capital and liquidity positions under a number of stress scenarios and are very confident in our ability to manage through this period. Nonetheless in light of the uncertainty in the current environment we have paused our share repurchase activity and we'll evaluate the appropriate time to resume repurchases as the impact of COVID-19 become more known including loss cost trends, potential reduction written premium, and the impact of extending payment terms to our policyholders.Since March we have focused as a company on managing the dynamic conditions of this pandemic. We have taken action to increase liquidity on our balance sheet, further reduce risk in our investment portfolio, and proactively support our customers in this difficult time. We will continue to monitor the external environment including economic developments and take appropriate actions as we navigate through this changing landscape. I'll now turn the call over to Susan so we can begin the Q&A session.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. I'd ask if you could please repeat the instructions operator for asking a question.
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions]. And today's first question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yeah, thank you. A couple of questions here; first, Chris and Doug could you perhaps comment on the business interruption to coverages and specifically how much of your business in the property and kind of that business has a virus endorsement on it, so where your exposure there is? And then additionally could you comment on what percentage of your policy actually has a specific virus exclusion with respect to the business interruption coverage?
Christopher J. Swift: Brian, thank you. Hope you're well. So, I would say a couple things one, I was -- confident in our underwriting and contractual terms and we've really done an exhaustive review over last six to seven weeks of all our policies including Navigators. And I would just tell you straight up that the vast, vast majority of our contracts do have a virus exclusion. And that there could be a handful of occasions where in essence we've offered business interruption coverage without tied to a physical damage or property loss. But again a handful and those policies actually came from our Navigators acquisitions. So I think we've got our arms around our policies, our exposures, our teams have really scrubbed everything over and over. But Doug that's what I would I would share with Brian.
Douglas Elliot: I think that's a good summary Chris.
Brian Meredith: Did you book those ones with the endorsement in the quarter?
Christopher J. Swift: You know what I would say when we closed out the quarter, obviously we booked what we know. And that's why we have took the actions that you saw where we did from a receivable side, a credit side, from the group benefit side. And that's what we booked. We booked what we saw, what we were aware of. And, I would say specifically no, there was no specific provision for the handful of those policies that I referred to that do have BI but relatively I will call it modest in totality.
Brian Meredith: Got you and then second question, could you comment on the impact of the expanded it's going to cover we're seeing in workers' comp in various states. Lots of numbers being thrown out there by some of the kind of industry and CCI, etc, etc. What are your thoughts on that, what's the potential impact on The Hartford, etc?
Christopher J. Swift: Yeah, well it's as you said it's been active. And again as I said in my prepared comments I understand that people are trying to take care of people in their states, employees, and things like that. But if you really studied the history of the worker's comp environment over the last 50 years it's a well functioning, well understood business activity that I think fairly compensates people that have been injured or obviously get sick at work. And we've had some prior experience with this particularly with Ebola. So I think the rules of the road are generally understood and to expand presumptions, to relax documentation that sort of change the equation, I think as you see could be very disruptive to the industry. That said I guess I do have some personal sensitivities and for help frontline health care workers and those that are treating the sick out of this virus and maybe there's a combinations or things that we could do there. But broad based presumptions for many classes of business Brian just doesn't make sense to me.
Douglas Elliot: Brian the only thing I would add is that several states are talking about this presumption dynamics to workers comp. I'm not sure there are any two states that are the same so it's a variety across states. And secondly we're working with our trade to come together as a group to try to figure out responsible answers as we step forward in this crisis.
Brian Meredith: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks, a couple of questions. One big one, Doug in your prepared remarks you mentioned that there is some I guess misinformed commentary, I was hoping you could talk about what commentary you are seeing out there that doesn't match your perception?
Douglas Elliot: I don't think it's appropriate for me to comment Meyer about specifics. We treat each and every claim on its own merits or look at all the claims as they come in. We've been responsive, we're working through all the variety of lines and coverages, etc so, I think our claim group has done an outstanding job that just frustrates me at times when I feel like sometimes the press looks at us and doesn't give us the credit that I believe we deserve for what we do and how we support the marketplace.
Meyer Shields: Okay, understood. The second question, can you give us some insight in terms of changes to commercial auto claim frequency that you've seen over the last six weeks or so?
Douglas Elliot: We have. I will say this, our claim counts have been down both across personal and commercial. When it was clear by the end of March that they were down for that two week period and expected to continue into the second quarter, Beth and I and Stephanie Bush our entire group sat and worked through and ended up with the 15% refund for April and May that approximates $50 million plus or minus in money going back to customers. And in commercial we've also seen to a lesser degree but we've also seen fewer claim notices. We will watch that carefully, we're discussing and debating our commercial book as we speak, and as we come to any conclusions we will certainly share with you and all other parties.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fair enough, and thank you for all the clarification this morning.
Christopher J. Swift: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: Thank you and the next question comes from David Motemaden with Evercore.
David Motemaden: Hi, thank you. Good morning. Just a question for Chris and Doug, I guess just wanted to dig in a little bit just thinking about the potential reserves that you may need to take heading into next quarter, is there any way you can help size the limit at risk in Navigators for the policies that don't require the property damage from the virus? And then in your 10-Q it sounds like you do expect to get reinsurance coverage on the occurrence treaties but it sounds like you expect limited recoveries given your current estimates of losses, should I take that to mean that you expect the losses in 2Q to be under $150 million?
Christopher J. Swift: David thanks for joining us. I think what you're reading and interpreting in the Q is really off base, just fundamentally off base. I think how we've always prepared our Qs is. I mean we try to describe risk factors, we try to describe conditions so that there is a level of clarity. You should not read anything in the Q as predicting a loss, an attachment point, a session that we expect at this point in time. I think all we were pointing out though is like any property loss we do have certain levels of reinsurance on an aggregate and per risk basis but do not interpret that as a loss limit or as trying to signal anything, that's just good disclosure.Second, call it the Navigators piece Doug, again we're not going to get into the specifics but all I would say again handful of policies. There's aggregate limits in all of them for BI. We knew it said -- we knew about the program, it's a program geared towards the entertainment industry and once we come up with a final estimates we will tell you when we book them in the second quarter.
Douglas Elliot: I would just add to that Chris, when I think about the Navigator property book it is very insignificant compared to the size of our overall property book, so less than one half of 1% relative to policy count. And their book is both primary and excess and their primary book generally they do not have virus exclusions. But across our entire property base, again I go back to the vast majority of our policies have the virus exclusion and we will work through those claims during the course of the second and third quarters and come to our estimates as we close out next quarter.
Beth Costello: Yeah, the only thing that I'll add to the first part of the question and I agree with Chris's comments as it relates to things that we commented on in our risk factors, I think you may have been asking specifically about our property catastrophe treaty. And we did specifically say that pandemic is not excluded from that treaty and obviously given the level of losses that would have to be in order for us to hit that, we see that as very unlikely. So I think that that was the specific disclosure that you were may have been referring to.
David Motemaden: Yes, that's right. Beth, thank you for clarifying. I appreciate that. And then I appreciate the response of everyone and I just wanted to also follow up just on putting the new money yields into cash or new money into cash. I guess how long do you expect this to continue and what are you specifically looking for, what do you need to see to start deploying that back into appropriate duration bonds?
Christopher J. Swift: David thanks. I would just say or give you the context of what we did and why. It really is just a classic crisis playbook, right. I mean you have to admit we're in the midst of a crisis and when we started looking at things late February or early March so our spreads were going in the markets. Just game theory, other conditions we wanted is much liquidity and flexibility as possible. So we decided and took the action to not reinvest principal and interest coming off the portfolio into the new credit exposures at that time because you saw, the Fed didn't act until at least two to three weeks later and it was just a defensive cautionary position. And I think what I really want to do is tell you what we did, why, and the potential impacts on our run rate yield or NII from managing your expectations Beth. But that's what I would say.
Beth Costello: Yeah, I think that's a good summary and again I think if you go back and look over what's happened over the last couple of months as Chris said, when we looked at this beginning of March it was really more reaction of the fact that we saw markets and specifically credit markets were feeling stress and we didn't want to be investing into that. As we go through March and then we get towards the end March into April we have more shelter in place orders and so forth and some of the actions that we're taking to provide relief to our customers. And the receipt of premium payments cause us to continue to want to build liquidity and so our view is as we go through the second quarter and we start to see some stability in what we're seeing relative to top line and those receipts we look to start then reinvesting again. But I really characterize this as moving from creating a position of strength rather than any sign of weakness as it relates to our overall balance sheet.
David Motemaden: Okay, thanks for the clarification, I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hey guys, good morning. My first question, I was hoping within your workers comp you can break down of the exposure to healthcare and other front line workers and then maybe more on peripheral industries like supermarkets, etc, and just give us a sense of the areas and the exposure within your book that you most likely to see losses within that line from COVID?
Christopher J. Swift: Elyse, I think the only detail I'm comfortable sharing with you is for our small commercial and middle market book how you would define healthcare or how we would define healthcare which excludes dentist and optometrist that we would ensure. Our healthcare exposure to those on the frontline basis is less than 5% of our premium. But that's the only data point I'd like to give you at this point in time and I am not going to break down our entire book of business for you and give all our competitors opportunities to cherry pick it. So again very little minor frontline healthcare worker exposure in our book of business.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful and then my second question in terms of Navigators, a couple of questions, can you comment on what accident years development that was ceded to the agency came from in the quarter? And then second question related to Navigators, can you just comment on how the margin was in Q1 relative to the 5 to 6 points of improvement that you guys have laid out that you had expected for 2020?
Christopher J. Swift: I am just waiting for the team to respond.
Beth Costello: Yeah so on the Navigator's piece, we really are looking at 2018 and prior and I can't remember the exact year that was involved but it's in that bucket obviously that's covered by the ADC.
Christopher J. Swift: At least as far as the improvement, I will look to Doug to add his color too but I'm pleased with the trajectory, the improvements. Again we talked about that 5 to 6 points of combined ratio improvement and I'm extremely confident we will achieve that in the timeframes that we've talked about. But Doug I thought we had good progress.
Douglas Elliot: We did. So if you look at our numbers into the first quarter and compare them to a more normalized run rate which Beth and I keep looking back at, I would say the improvement is in the 3.5 range, 3.5 towards 4 what we see into 2020. I would also say to you that I'm very encouraged by our pricing progress and some of our book management programs as well. So as we work our way through 2020 into 2021 I feel like those goals are certainly attainable and I feel like we've made really good strides down that path Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, and then one last question, I know you guys and others in the industry have mentioned by right the desire right not to have but you have to change it to policy language, we've also heard a lot of chatter about potential prospective plan government backstop to provide pandemic coverage on a go forward basis. Do you have any thoughts there and I guess do you think that that's in terms of a time frame, is that something, I know there's a lot?
Christopher J. Swift: Yeah Elyse as I alluded to in my prepared comments, we are working with our trade group and across the industry to develop if we can a consensus view on options and solutions for the future. So I think it's premature to comment upon anything right now other than the desire to contribute to a solution going forward from the industry perspective. And I think I've talked quite a bit of my peers in the industry and there is a desire to at least think creatively and come up with options and potential solutions.
Beth Costello: And then Elyse just to follow up I was able to find the accident years, it is 17 and 18 is related to those marine losses.
Operator: Thank you and the next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good morning, thanks. First question, I know we've talked about workers comp a lot already maybe dig in a little bit more, if you can elaborate on your comments regarding the potential for elevated claims in that line, maybe any fraud comments on how this recession could maybe play out differently than the last. I know there was one commercial carrier which said last week that maybe change the reserving cost a little bit and they released less reserves to be a little more conservative, if they can do accounts, that's the last recession kind of surprised them a little bit on the back end, which I believe may have also kind of happened to industry wide and to Hartford as well? Thanks.
Douglas Elliot: Mike, good morning. Let me start with a few comments to frame this. I'd start by saying that, our accounts are down. But as you know, we are also working day by day on exposure changes with our policyholders. So until we get that exposure base where it needs to be, it's very difficult to predict frequency. But I expect over the short-term we'll see improvements and claim counts. If nothing else, we understand across our manufacturing book we'll see more experienced workers as people thinned their ranks. What we will tend to see would be more experienced workers on those lines. And as such, they will get injured less frequently. We're watching careful medical severity. We think there will be a little bit of pressure on duration. And also medical severity is an awful lot of medical attention this country right now dealing with COVID-19 and as such, we're slightly concerned that maybe all the people that need medical attention for other job related injuries are stacking up in the queue. So there are assortment of things relative to workers compensation we're keeping our eye on, some good and some pressure points to watch, even putting the presumption discussion to the side.
Christopher J. Swift: Mike, I would just give you a larger picture perspective in that. I mean, if you're looking back to the Great Recession or other recessions that the U.S. economy has experienced, it is true that obviously unemployment and GDP is going to shrink. But one of those other recessions were caused by structural issues, whether it be credit overextended or imbalances in the economy. Remember, this was a shock to our to our U.S. economy. And the real hope and belief, at least I have, is with the great advances in the medical community and in some of the things that everyone's talking about and working on, we can remove the shock factor and go back to a structurally sound, consumer orientated economy that isn't stretched financially. It isn't out of balance in any way, shape or form. So -- but it's true, that might take some time to get the medical advancements necessary to relieve the shock that the economy is experiencing.
Mike Zaremski: Great, that's helpful. My last question is regarding more broadly commercial pricing. Do you feel -- have you been seeing kind of pricing industry wide continue to move lot higher given the kind of uncertainty surrounding a lot of issues or our top line contraction is causing more broadly kind of pricing to move downwards a bit. And I'm speaking specifically to commercial pricing. But if you have the views on also personal lines pricing, given that seems to be a good area to be at, I'd be open to those as well? Thank you.
Douglas Elliot: Tackle commercial first. I would suggest that the early look at April, April is not complete yet, it will be tonight. But the early look suggests consistency with what we saw in March. So the early part of the second quarter, I think, will exhibit similar patterns to what finished quarter one. And we'll obviously continue to watch this and manage this on a month to month basis as we move into quarter two. Personal lines, I think there are a lot of things going on in personal lines, including the fact that there's a fair amount of customer premium refunding going on in Q2 and a lot happening based on miles driven, but also now the potential turn on, turn back on of the economy. And one of the things we've debated amongst ourselves is, I think we expect to see potentially a bounce back in miles driven over the course of the summer. As people return to more normal living conditions we expect miles driven to go up as a result. Maybe fewer airline miles traveled, but more within their car. So those are all thoughts over the ensuing three to four months. But at the moment, yes, miles are down and we expect that to change.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. Thank you so much and we all hope you're right about return to normalcy in the coming months. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks. I had a question for Doug and a group benefits question, which I guess might also be for Doug. But I just recovered the property tax stuff on reinsurance, could you give us some indication of how some of the per risk reinsurance of the quota share or where might not respond to any potential COVID losses?
Douglas Elliot: Well, you're right we do have per risk insurance inside our core property book. And obviously that would be on a risk by risk basis so it would depend on severity of risk. And those plans are in place and there are no virus exclusions attached to those programs. So that stands as is. There are also an assortment of other programs, including Navigators has a quota share program across their property book, heavily reinsured. So it almost needs a specific circumstance of the loss, Ryan to figure out how it applies. But number one, I would say I believe we've got sound underwriting on our primary book. And number two, I think we've got a well thought out reinsurance program that will respond if indeed it's called to.
Ryan Tunis: And the other thing I wanted to hit on I guess was in group benefits. It seems like the short term disability kind of dwarfs the impact of worker's comp, even though that's what everyone's been talking about. Is it safe to think that if conditions remain like this, that 60 million for half a month would have that type of proportional impact I guess in ensuing quarters?
Christopher J. Swift: Ryan, it's Chris. I would say no, I would not do that and I will tell you why. If you sort of break down what we though 10 million was for paid family leave, 6 million was for STD. I would say when we booked and made our estimates for the quarter, we had a claim count estimate, a duration estimate, and then it's simple math from there. The claim count that actually emerged and again, New York paid family leave primarily is our risk product there. It is just significantly down from what we expected. So it's not to say it can't come back, it's not to say it couldn't spike as people look at all the benefits that are available to them, but that claim count projection was off by a factor of at least 50%. And STD, I would share with you the view that we had, again, is changed a little bit as we got into April and the impact that we booked was for increased COVID-19 STDs.And to remind you, there is usually a seven day elimination period. And again, then if someone goes on STD because of COVID-19, generally what we're seeing is a 10 day to two week benefit. But there again the data that emerged in April is that, yeah, the COVID-19 claims are up, but everything else is down quite substantially. So the normal STD claims are the planned absence, STD claims. Everyone is sort of delaying normal activities as it could be related to STD coverages. So net-net the total claim projection or claims of how they're emerging in April is basically flat to slightly down with historical trends. Now that two could reverse but as it reverses, I think we would have less COVID-19 claims going forward. So I would not project it on a runway basis and we'll give you transparency into what we do in the second quarter. But at least right now there's offsetting factors that should mitigate losses.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And I guess the one follow-up I had is kind of a mechanical one, probably for Doug as well. Actually these comp studies we're seeing where -- whether it is the NCCI where you are coming up with a gross worker's comp loss estimate. What are some of the things we should be thinking about in terms of how deductible -- in reality, how that makes its way through a lawsuit in the insurance company, like the impact that a company deductible might have to mitigate that or the fact that it might not even make it to worker's comp, right. I guess it could become a short term disability claim or maybe health insurance might cover it. I'm just trying to understand, like trying to net that down to those gross numbers, what are some things we should be thinking about?
Douglas Elliot: Just a few comments. It is so hard to project here. But yes, the national account customer segment, Fortune 2000 plus many have some form of loss responsive program where there's is either a deductible attached, some kind of retention arrangement. So yes, that would not at all just flow directly into comp losses. In terms of Main Street America, much of middle market America, I think those contracts are largely guaranteed costs. So there's a risk transfer programs. And again, this is going to be a state by state dynamic. But I would think much of that content change would show up in the P&L of insurers over time. Then the last thought I have for you is that, the fundamental way we run this business is that we take historical losses and we run them through our actual role model and then we develop rates going forward based on all the risks we're taking. And I fully expect whether we're talking worker's comp or property as we come out of this COVID-19 experience, we'll be doing exactly that with those losses paid.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Michael Phillips of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Thank you and good morning everybody. Just Chris, is it simply that it was just too early, I'm just curious I guess the rationale for not putting out any kind of expected number, both on the P&C side for COVID losses written?
Christopher J. Swift: Again, we reacted to what we know, what we saw. If you really think about it, it was two weeks of the month and really what I'd like you to take away from it is there isn't any big surprises out there that we don't see or understand. Meaning we're not in certain lines of business that people put up a lot of reserves. I mean, we're not in the event cancellation business, we don't have a material trade credit exposures or anything along those lines. We don't have a travel business. So we have our core products and our core capabilities and yeah, I mean, two weeks for -- the virus to sort of make any type of adjustment. And the accounting is I mean, we can't book second quarter events in the first quarter, right. I mean, it's got to be sort of a known and exposed to a first quarter event. So we'll see what develops here in the second quarter. But we're not sitting on anything big in my judgment.
Michael Phillips: Okay, no, thanks. Appreciate that. And then I guess lastly, any thoughts you could share on expectations for earnings for the rest of the year for the top level?
Douglas Elliot: Yeah, well let's get through the crisis and the immediate events here. I mean, we're not going to reproject or give new guidance at this point in time.
Beth Costello: Which were you asking for.
Michael Phillips: Guidance for the rest of the year.
Beth Costello: Talcott he said. Excuse me.
Operator: So, yeah so that's hard to predict. Obviously, as we said we record Talcott earnings on a quarter lag. So we typically get their financial statements 45-50 days after quarter. And I'd expect that given their -- the hedging profile of that entity, that we're likely to see gains from the first quarter. And I'd point you to look at first quarter of 2019 when they recorded the impact of the fourth quarter of 2018 and the impact of hedging gains that we saw there. And then as far as predicting dividends, I mean, that gets difficult to do. We were pleased to get a dividend last year and we know that their plan is to continue to pay dividends. But, until we get the cash in the door, we don't count it. It is not included in any of our holding company projections of cash flows.
Michael Phillips: Okay, thank you guys. Appreciate it guys.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes the question-and-answer session. So I would like to turn the floor to Susan Spivak for any closing comments.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you. We appreciate all of you joining us this morning. Please don't hesitate to contact us if you have any follow up questions.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Alyssa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford's Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Susan Spivak, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Spivak, you may begin your conference.
Susan Bernstein: Thanks, Alyssa. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our call on fourth quarter and year-end 2019 earnings. We reported our results yesterday afternoon and posted all the earnings-related materials on our website.For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period.Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings.Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement.Finally, please note that no portion of this call can be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for 1 year.I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Swift: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. 2019 was an excellent year and a pivotal year for The Hartford. We set ambitious goals and delivered on strategic objectives while achieving strong financial results. Fourth quarter core earnings were $522 million or $1.43 per diluted share, an 84% increase over prior year driven by significantly lower catastrophe losses, exceptional results in Group Benefits and strong investment performance.For the year, core earnings were $2.1 billion or $5.65 per diluted share, up 31% from 2018. Book value per diluted share ex AOCI rose $43.71, an 11% increase for the year. And the 12-month core earnings ROE was 13.6%, an impressive result in the current market environment. Hard work by talented employees across The Hartford enabled us to perform at this high level.Turning to our results. In Commercial Lines, the underlying combined ratio of 94 is a strong result particularly in a year where we have incorporated Navigators. Just as impressive has been the speed with which the 2 organizations have come together as a focused team able to strongly position The Hartford in the marketplace and capture new business opportunities in firming market conditions.As the integration progresses, we are seeing more opportunities to improve underwriting profitability, cross-sell products, improve claim processes and leverage all the capabilities of The Hartford platform. These activities, coupled with continued rigorous execution on renewal pricing and retention, will contribute to our goal of achieving $200 million of incremental core earnings from the acquisition.In Commercial Lines, I am pleased with achieved rate increases across the portfolio with a focus on margin improvement. In Middle Market, renewal pricing excluding workers' compensation accelerated through each quarter of the year, culminating with a 7.1% increase during the fourth quarter. Personal Lines core earnings improved to $285 million as we benefited from much lower catastrophe losses with an underlying combined ratio of 91.9. New sales for auto and home were up 36% over prior year with improving retentions, all contributing towards the goal of future net written premium growth.Group Benefits had an outstanding year with core earnings of $539 million, up $112 million from 2018, with a core earnings margin of 8.9%. This performance was largely due to a 3-point loss ratio improvement over prior year, reflecting continued favorable disability incidence trends and strong disability claim recoveries, partially offset by elevated life severity experienced earlier in the year.On the top line, fully insured ongoing premiums were flat to prior year. Fully insured ongoing sales for 2019 were $647 million, down $57 million as prior year included first year sales related to the new Paid Family Leave product in New York.Persistency, as expected, was slightly below historical trends as we adjust pricing on targeted segments of the Aetna book. Overall, earned premium on the Aetna book is in line with our deal assumptions, and case conversions continue to go well from both a platform and pricing perspective. We are very pleased with the operational execution, integration and financial performance of Group Benefits.Looking ahead to 2020. We are expecting a core earnings margin in the range of 6.5% to 7.5%, which assumes moderate premium growth over 2019 driven by sales and improved persistency, a lower expected investment yield driven by a 7% limited partnership return assumption and normalized claim incidence risk and recovery trends in long-term disability. January sales were solid in a competitive market but were down slightly from 2019 due to fewer large case sales.Before turning the call over to Doug, I'll provide my perspective on a couple macro themes. First, social inflation continues to dominate industry conversations as the current hot topic. Last quarter, I said that social inflation was not a new phenomenon. A quarter later, my view hasn't changed. But there are a few points to make. I expect some level of social inflation will be felt by many carriers, if not all, across the industry. However, the impact on loss costs will vary by company. Variation depends on several factors, including the line of business and coverage limits; type of coverage, such as primary, umbrella or excess; specific contractual terms; and reinsurance programs. Each company's ability to react to social inflation will be impacted by the quality of data and analytics supporting product pricing and loss reserve estimates. At The Hartford, I feel confident that we are -- that our analytical capabilities, along with our talented claims and legal professionals, have allowed us to build a track record of making timely adjustments to loss cost assumptions reflected in our financial results over the past 4 to 5 years.The second topic is interest rates. For several quarters, we have discussed the impact of a persistent low interest rate environment on the ability to grow net investment income. Currently, our portfolio continues to perform well, but it is clear that the interest rate environment is becoming more challenging. This will impact the investment returns on new cash flows, reinvestment rates and our overall portfolio yield. The implication is that net investment income will likely become a headwind to core earnings growth, requiring higher levels of underwriting income to support earnings and ROE. This, coupled with loss cost trends, leads me to believe the firming cycle we are experiencing will likely continue for the next 18 to 24 months.In closing, when I look out to 2020 and beyond, I think about how far our businesses have evolved over the past decade and how well positioned The Hartford is as a market leader. We have expanded underwriting capabilities and provide a broad range of products delivered through multiple distribution channels to meet customer needs in a dynamic market environment. We are focused on execution, integration, innovation and maximizing our enhanced capabilities to organically grow the business.In Small Commercial, we are a top industry player and have demonstrated consistent financial performance and innovation over the years with a focus on the customer experience. We are growth orientated with a multichannel distribution strategy and expansive underwriting appetite to serve more classes of business.In Middle & Large Commercial, we aim to improve margins and leverage new product breadth. Pricing is improving, and we have identified attractive opportunities to cross-sell specialty products.In Global Specialty, we are newly positioned with a broader product portfolio and expanded distribution. In the wholesale and Lloyd's market, we will focus on integration and improving margins.In our Personal Lines business, we have enjoyed a unique relationship with AARP for over 35 years. We continue to look for opportunities to drive top line growth. And finally, in Group Benefits, we are nearing the completion of integration activities. Our focus now is on future growth stemming from new products and services designed to complement existing risk products while improving the customer experience.We enter 2020 well positioned in the market. Moreover, we remain committed to making a sustainable and positive impact on society as an essential element of our ongoing success. Across The Hartford, we're making this happen by always doing the right thing, fostering a workplace where everyone is welcome and respected, using our resources and influence to address the challenge of changing climate and helping to make our communities where we live and work be safer and more successful. I'm very proud that these sustainability efforts are widely recognized as industry-leading.In summary, I'm confident our enhanced capabilities in a firming market, combined with ongoing capital management, provide the opportunity for The Hartford to enhance value for all our stakeholders.Now I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. 2019 was a very good year for Property & Casualty. We're pleased with the underlying financial performance of our business units and the achievement of important initiatives we established for 2019. In Small Commercial, we continue to outperform with another sub-90 underlying combined ratio for the year and early new business momentum from the launch of our next-generation Spectrum product. In Middle & Large Commercial, we're maintaining positive traction across our industry verticals while we work to improve profitability on our core book. In Global Specialty and across Commercial Lines, we're leveraging the product breadth and underwriting expertise arising from the Navigators acquisition to deepen relationships with customers and distribution partners. Through year-end, we've delivered approximately $50 million of incremental sales across Middle & Large Commercial and Global Specialty that would not have been possible without the acquisition. This positive start provides confidence that we will outpace our 3-year incremental revenue goal of $200 million.In Personal Lines, the business had an excellent earnings year. We continue to work on driving new business growth, while moderating renewal written price increases have helped to improve policy retention levels for the year.Let me now pivot to summarize our financial performance for 2019, and then I'll conclude with some thoughts about 2020. Commercial Lines core earnings were $1.17 billion for the year on a combined ratio of 97.7. This includes catastrophe losses of $323 million or 3.9 points. Net favorable prior year development for the year was $112 million or 1.4 points excluding Navigators prior year development recorded at the acquisition date.In the fourth quarter, we reported $37 million of net favorable prior year development, which primarily consisted of favorable experience in both Small Commercial package business and the workers' compensation 2016 and 2017 accident years. This was partially offset by $16 million of unfavorable development primarily on Navigators international reserves.The Commercial Lines underlying combined ratio was 94 for the year, increasing 2.5 points from 2018. The Navigators underlying combined ratio is higher than our legacy commercial book and contributed approximately 1 point of the increase. The remainder of the increase was from non-CAT property, workers' compensation and higher commissions.Consistent with our expectations, the underlying loss ratio for workers' compensation increased 1 point from 2018, reflecting the competitive market and pricing declines. Loss trends were modest with negative frequency, while medical and indemnity severity trends were in the mid-single digits.Renewal written pricing in Standard Commercial Lines was 3.5% for the quarter, up 50 basis points from third quarter. Fourth quarter 2019 renewal written pricing was up 1.9 points from the fourth quarter of last year. Middle Market renewal written pricing in the U.S. excluding workers' compensation increased 5.2% for the year, up 2.2 points from last year. In the fourth quarter, the rate increase was 7.1%, up 1.8 points from the third quarter 2019 and up over 4 points from fourth quarter 2018. We have now seen increasing renewal written price increases in these lines for 4 consecutive quarters.Our Global Specialty book is experiencing even stronger pricing gains in both our U.S. wholesale book and the international portfolio, which is primarily written in the Lloyd's market. Our U.S. wholesale book achieved an 18% rate increase in the fourth quarter. Several lines were in excess of 20%, including property, auto and excess casualty.Our international portfolio also had strong pricing performance in the quarter with particular emphasis on professional lines and onshore energy. Ongoing underwriting actions, coupled with sustained rate increases in this book, will drive profitability improvement in 2020 and beyond.We continue to monitor loss trends in our book, especially liability. We expect 2020 primary liability and commercial auto loss trends to be in the mid-single digits. Excess liability loss trend will be a few points higher than primary. While our book is certainly not immune to the ongoing unfavorable tort trends, we continue to take underwriting, pricing and reserve actions to address this liability trend. Our teams actively monitor these claim trends and currently do not see significant shifts in either representation or litigation rates. This will continue to be a critical watch area for us in 2020. Overall, I'm very pleased with how effectively our team is balancing growth and profitability along with our pricing progress in the second half of 2019.Moving to our individual business units. Small Commercial had another strong year. The underlying combined ratio was 89.1 for the year, up 2.4 points from prior year, reflecting the workers' compensation pricing environment, higher property, fire severity and higher supplemental commissions. Total Small Commercial written premium increased 2% for the full year, with fourth quarter written premium relatively flat to 2018.Policy count and premium retentions remain strong, both up 1 point from prior year. And new business increased to $646 million for the full year, up 8%. In the fourth quarter 2019, new business declined from prior year primarily reflecting the increase in new business last year from the Foremost renewal rights transaction. Excluding Foremost, new business premium increased 9% in the quarter.Moving to Middle & Large Commercial. We posted an underlying combined ratio of 99 for the year, up 0.6 point from 2018 primarily due to higher commissions and technology spend. Total written premium increased by 9% for the full year, 6% if you exclude the impact of Navigators acquisition. We are achieving positive top line results from our investments in new industry verticals, particularly large property, construction, programs and energy. We're also growing our National Accounts business with written premiums up over 6% last year.The efforts to improve the profitability of our Middle Market book through rate and underwriting actions have intensified in the second half of the year. Middle Market retention levels were up slightly year-over-year, and new business premium of $584 million for the full year was up 8% versus 2018. However, Middle Market new written premium declined 11% in the fourth quarter compared to last year primarily in workers' compensation and auto. Premium retention was also up 3 points from a year ago. We remain disciplined with our pricing methodologies as competitors have been willing to write at more aggressive levels.In Global Specialty, the underlying combined ratio was 96 for the full year, up nearly 8 points over 2018 almost entirely due to the inclusion of the Navigators business. We continue to deliver strong underwriting results in our legacy, management and professional liability and surety lines.In the second half of the year, the underlying combined ratio was 98.5, 2 points above the upper end of our guidance we provided on the second quarter call. In the fourth quarter, we had several large losses written from our international desk, including a $6 million loss related to a Texas oil refinery explosion and a $4 million property and business interruption loss from a Florida tornado.The significant rate and underwriting actions we're taking across the Navigators book is pressuring retention in some U.S. business lines. Retentions are generally stable in the international book. With these actions, I'm confident we've established a path to meet our profitability goals over the coming years.Shifting to Personal Lines. Core earnings for the year of $285 million with a combined ratio of 95 improved from a 2018 core loss of $28 million. This improvement was largely driven by a $321 million after-tax decrease in catastrophe losses between years. The full year underlying combined ratio increased modestly to 91.9 driven by higher expenses, partially offset by slightly improving results in auto.The Personal Lines auto underlying combined ratio improved slightly to 97.9 for the full year. We've been able to stay ahead of loss trends. Year-over-year frequency continues to decline, while severity increased in the low to mid-single digits. Higher underwriting expenses due to increased marketing efforts combined with lower earned premium drove the Personal Lines expense ratio up 1.7 points for the full year.Before I turn things over to Beth, I'd like to share a few thoughts about 2020. In Property & Casualty, we're focused on several priorities. First, we intend to fully leverage the combined product breadth, talent and distribution capabilities we now have at The Hartford. We will drive growth in Global Specialty and Middle Market with deep product sets and broader distribution across both retail and wholesale channels.Second, we continue the underwriting journey to improve financial returns across Middle Market and Global Specialty. We intend to achieve strong financial performance as we drive higher written pricing in both domestic and international property and liability lines while actively adjusting our limit profiles and class mix.Finally, we're focused on growth initiatives with both Small Commercial Spectrum as well as our AARP new business. Specifically in Middle Market commercial, we expect renewal written pricing to remain strong during 2020. In Global Specialty, we expect renewal written rate increases to remain in the double digits. We'll continue to lean into this rapidly firming market to improve the profitability of both our Middle Market core lines and Global Specialty book. In workers' compensation, we expect continued pricing headwinds.As a result, we expect the 2020 Commercial Lines underlying combined ratio to be between 92 and 94, slightly better than our performance for 2019. Contributing to this improvement are improved results in liability and property lines partially offset by margin compression in workers' compensation as negative rates earn through our book.Personal Lines will continue to drive new business growth in AARP Direct. We are fine-tuning our product segmentation and expect new written premium growth in the low double digits for the year. For 2020, we expect to achieve an underlying combined ratio of 91.5 to 93.5. Reflecting back, 2019 was a very good year for our business units across Property & Casualty. Our results demonstrate a disciplined underwriting organization committed to achieving strong margins and seeking growth when it meets our profit targets. We're pleased with the progress of integrating Global Specialty and its positive impact with our customers and distribution partners. I look forward to updating you all on our progress throughout the year.Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Doug. I will review results for the investment portfolio, Hartford Funds and Corporate and cover a few other items before turning the call over for Q&A. Our investment portfolio continues to perform very well with strong limited partnership returns and generally stable investment yields despite lower reinvestment rates. Net investment income was $503 million for the quarter, up $46 million or 10% from the prior year. For the year, net investment income was about $2 billion, up 10% over 2018 due to the growth in asset levels primarily from the Navigators acquisition and higher partnership income. The annualized limited partnership return was 11.9% in the quarter due to higher valuations on underlying funds and real estate property sales.Net unrealized gains on fixed maturities after tax decreased to $1.7 billion at December 31 from $1.8 billion at September 30. Unrealized and realized gains on equity securities classified in the income statement were $73 million before tax in the quarter and $254 million for the full year. The credit performance of the investment portfolio remains very strong. There were no impairments in the fourth quarter. For the quarter, the current yield before tax excluding limited partnerships was 3.8%, up 10 basis points from fourth quarter 2018 due to higher make-whole payments and mortgage loan prepayment fees. Before limited partnerships and nonroutine income items, we expect a before-tax average portfolio yield of 3.4% to 3.5% in 2020 driven mostly by lower reinvestment rates and the projected decline in short-term rates based off of today's forward curve.Turning to Hartford Funds. Core earnings of $40 million were up 5% from fourth quarter last year and up $1 million sequentially. Daily average AUM rose 2% from third quarter 2019 reflecting strong market performance. Net flows were a positive $218 million in the fourth quarter driven by exchange-traded products and fixed income funds compared to net outflows in fourth quarter 2018 of $1.7 billion.Investment performance remains very strong. As of December 31, about 62% of Hartford Funds outperformed peers on a 1-year basis and about 72% of peers on a 3- and 5-year basis.Corporate core losses of $39 million in the quarter improved by $7 million from 2018. The retained equity interest in Talcott generated $17 million of income after tax compared to $6 million in fourth quarter 2018. During the quarter, we completed our annual study of asbestos and environmental reserves, which resulted in a $117 million increase in reserves, which was ceded to National Indemnity under our adverse development cover, resulting in no impact to net income. Of the $117 million, $65 million related to asbestos, which is significantly less than the development we have seen in recent years as the number of mesothelioma claim filings was favorable to our previous projections. The increase in asbestos reserves was largely driven by an increase in average settlement values. Environmental reserves increased by $52 million in part due to an increase in estimated cost to remediate sites as required by state regulators.As of December 31, 2019, the company has incurred a cumulative $640 million in adverse development on A&E reserves that have been ceded under the ADC, resulting in $860 million of coverage available for any future net reserve development. As Doug noted, in the fourth quarter, we recognized $16 million of unfavorable development on prior accident year reserves related to Navigators' international business. While adverse development on prior year reserves is economically reinsured to National Indemnity under the reinsurance we put in place at closing, that benefit is deferred under retroactive reinsurance accounting since cumulative losses ceded exceed the premium paid of $91 million. This deferred gain will be recognized in earnings in future years when we will start recovering cash from National Indemnity. After the actions this quarter, we have $193 million remaining capacity on this ADC.As of January 1, 2020, we completed the renewal of the property catastrophe reinsurance program. For the per occurrence treaty, the overall coverage and per occurrence retention of $350 million remain the same. Within the per occurrence program, we renewed coverage for $200 million of per event losses in excess of $150 million for catastrophes other than named storms or earthquakes. Our co-participation on the $200 million layer is 30%, up from 20% in 2019. We renewed our property catastrophe aggregate treaty and lowered the attachment point to $700 million of aggregate covered losses with a fully reinsured layer of $200 million above the attachment point. Effective with this renewal, catastrophe events from Navigators business other than from the assumed reinsurance business are covered by the program. A summary of the details of the catastrophe reinsurance program is included in the appendix to the slide deck.In the fourth quarter of 2019, we repurchased 1.8 million shares for $110 million. Since inception through January 31, we have repurchased 4.3 million shares for $254 million. In addition, yesterday, the Board increased the quarterly common stock dividend by 8%. With strong capital generation and financial flexibility, we are pleased to be able to both invest in our businesses and return capital to shareholders.Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI was $43.71, up 11% in 2019. Core earnings ROE over the last 12 months was 13.6%, well in excess of our cost of equity capital.In summary, 2019 was a very successful year for The Hartford. We generated strong earnings, closed on the acquisition of Navigators, and we are confident in our ability to continue to generate shareholder value.I'll now turn the call over to Susan so we can begin the Q&A session.
Susan Bernstein: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Can you please repeat the instructions, Alyssa, for asking a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question today comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: So I had a question first just on the workers' comp line, if you can sort of quantify how much you're -- what you're seeing in terms of rate pressure in the business. And then on commercial auto, you're one of the few companies that has not seen sort of continued adverse reserve development. I think you had some last quarter, but this quarter, your results were better than some of your peers. So if you could just talk about what's going on there.
Douglas Elliot: Sure, Jimmy. Let's take each of the pieces. On the workers' comp side, two different dynamics, one with our small commercial sector where we're seeing negative pricing and have very little ability to do anything about it relative to underwriting. So those rates -- those negative rates flow through. On the Middle Market side, largely a flattish environment. And so that means we're dealing with account experience sector, performance and doing our best to work against the negative file trends across the various states. So that's the workers' comp situation.Relative to auto, I would describe auto as an ongoing work in process here over the last eight years. We've been working on auto, which is why I think you don't see the surprises in the quarter. We have strength in auto over the last 6, 7 accident years. We strengthened a little bit in the third quarter but felt very good about where our position was for Q4. So that's the reason there was no activity in Q4.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then if I could just ask one more on Group Benefits. Your margins, along with everybody else, in disability have been very strong. How much of this are you seeing companies begin to reflect in their pricing as you went through renewal season? And is there any reason to believe that, at least in the near term, that the trend in terms of margins will reverse?
Christopher Swift: Well, Jimmy, thanks for the question. I would say the market is competitive, no doubt about it, but largely still rational but competitive. And you're right. I mean we've been enjoying a pretty good run particularly with incidences and getting people back to work that have been out. How long this continues, I'm not sure I could predict. Obviously, we gave you our guidance for what we think is going to happen next year. And if I really sort of do a step change on where our margin is today to where we think it is next year on a normalized basis, I would say 0.7 decline due to net investment income, 0.8 of a decline due to again normalized loss ratios. And we're going to spend some incremental dollars in our infrastructure there. So there's a little bit of expense pressure.So we still see a good earning business in that 7-ish percent margin. And we'll try to compete with our competitors the best way we can on differentiating our services, our skills and our capabilities.
Operator: The next question today comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, when you guys had announced the Navigators deal, the goal was about $200 million of income over like a 5-year period. And so kind of half a year into the transaction, seems like margin's a little bit weaker. And now we also have the headwind of lower interest rates on investment income. So can you just walk us through, I guess, bridge us to kind of what the offsets are and why you still think you can get -- what would help you get to that $200 million target?
Christopher Swift: Sure. Well, again, thank you for joining. I think you have the components that we've talked about. And the major ones are obviously net investment income, improved loss ratio performance and, to a lesser extent, expense savings. I think we also talked about, Elyse, on a short-term or near-term basis, we still see approximately $110 million of core earnings in 2020. And for the Navigators business, that will flow through the new Global Specialty segment. So that's again at the lower end of our range primarily due to the interest rate environment.But equally, in the past, the $200 million, and quite frankly, we think it's getting shorter than that 5-year period of time primarily due just to the rate environment and the improvement of possibilities that we are planning for and seeing in the book. Really pleased with the entire team, and Doug could give you more insights and analysis on it. But we're expecting significant rate with what we think is realistic loss cost trends that we're planning for. And eventually, those will cross and start to really improve.In fact, Doug, I think just my calculations and our analysis would say we're looking for a 5 or 6 point loss ratio improvement in the Navigators book next year, Elyse, based on activities that we're seeing today.
Douglas Elliot: Chris, I would just add, absolutely that we are bullish about what we think we'll achieve in 2020. The other thing is that the accumulation of underwriting actions that were taken across the book between change in limit profile, attachment points, exiting classes, adjusting MGA capacity, underwriting limits, et cetera, are also going to be a core driver of that performance change. And I'm very encouraged by the actions that not only we've taken but will continue to take into 2020. So I think Vince Tizzio and the team have done a terrific job at resetting the book. Yes, we're encouraged about the pricing, and that provides an awful lot of our tone. But I also think we'll see the benefits of the labor inside our underwriting activities also play out meaningfully in our $200 million run.
Beth Costello: Yes. And the only thing I'd add to that, and I think Chris touched on this, but your point about our original projections on investment income are obviously correct. The rate environment is different. But we're also seeing more expense benefit than we originally anticipated, and the offset of those 2 pretty much wash each other out.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then my second question, as we think about capital return in 2020, is there any timing to think about in terms of when you can get some of the dividends from the subs or the tax attributes? Or should we just think about kind of even share repurchase throughout the four quarters? And then second question there, Beth, are there any tax attributes that we should think about for 2021 as we think about capital return beyond 2020?
Beth Costello: Sure. So a couple of things. So as we think about the cash flow to the holding company over the year, I really see those building over the year. Some of the tax benefits come in over the course of time, but a big chunk of that comes in with the AMT refund, which is really predicated on when the IRS accepts our tax return and when that's filed. So from a pace of share repurchase, I would expect that to be increasing over the year and not necessarily ratable throughout the year.And then as far as tax attributes, when we look towards 2021, based on our expectation of utilization this year, I expect that when we get to 2021, we'll probably just be in sort of the normal course of tax benefits coming to the holding company related to the deduction we get on interest expense through our normal tax sharing arrangement. So it would be significantly lower than what we're expecting this year and probably slightly under $100 million.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Newsome of Piper Sandler.
Jon Newsome: I was hoping you could expand a little bit more on the Personal Lines operation and give us a little sense of kind of where we are from a pricing versus underlying claim cost environment.
Douglas Elliot: Paul, sure, let me tackle that one. This is Doug. We're obviously pleased about our financial performance in 2019. You see the pricing is down a bit. I think it's down a bit commensurate with where we see loss trends. So as I've commented, frequency has been in very good shape for now an extended series of quarters. And we're watching carefully severity. We're watching physical damage in particular. But the aggregate of both frequency and severity put the loss trend in the low single digits, and I think that's where we are from a pricing perspective. So I feel like we're right on top of it.Now we also have goals to move our new business north. So we will address pricing and new business targets, et cetera, as we move through 2020 because we'd like to further stimulate new business growth. But I think we've done a nice job at getting the book healthy from a profit perspective, and we'll continue to balance both growth and profit as we go through 2020 and beyond.
Jon Newsome: And then my second question is, I'd like to know a little bit more about persistency, particularly just across the property/casualty businesses. And normally, in a harder market, you have decreases in persistency. Do you think that's going to happen prospectively as well until the market climbs up?
Douglas Elliot: Paul, there are so many pieces to the marketplace. If we talked about it on the extremes, you could move to Small Commercial, and I would say that that's just a very competitive world, not a lot of change from where we've been in the last couple of years. And then you could move into either public D&O or the excess casualty world that is going through enormous amount of change, and the dynamics around pricing and retention are very different across those sectors. So yes, where you see capacity shortage and people are driving rate because of their performance, which I think is where the market is and some of these challenged financial classes, there may be some dynamics across the retention element, but we are determined to get rate where we need it in our book.And so I think we have got a very good sense of where that rate need exists across our various products. And if we have to give up a little bit on the retention side to get what we need to do on the pricing, I'm willing to make that trade, particularly in Middle Market and Global Specialty where our returns have to get better. And you saw that in the fourth quarter. I shared with you that our new business was down slightly in Middle Market in the fourth quarter, but I was also really encouraged by our pricing advances. And I'm willing to give a couple of points of retention to do that, which is exactly what happened in the quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from David Motemaden of Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Just for Chris or Doug on the Commercial Lines outlook for 2020. Maybe -- I'm just wondering if you could elaborate a bit more on the 92 to 94 underlying combined ratio guide after the, call it, 94.5% to 95% that you guys printed in the second half of '19. And I think, Chris, you mentioned 5- to 6-point improvement on Navigators in 2020. Just wanted to talk about just timing in terms of getting there and some of the other moving pieces that get you confident that you can get there given the results this quarter.
Christopher Swift: David, let me start, and then I'll ask Doug to comment. So it feels like it's like deja vu all over again. This time last year, a lot of our tone was -- is similar to this year, right? You have a workers' comp dynamic that we are going to face some pressure with price, but generally, loss costs there are behaving. And then you have, I'll call it, all the other lines that I think will contribute to margin expansion going forward, particularly the specialty line.So sort of it's a tale of a coin there, 2 sides of the coin. But you put them all together and we do still see, at least from where our run rate ended in 2019, the ability to expand margins on an overall book basis, offsetting some of the pressure we see in comp with the strong pricing in liability, property, commercial auto and obviously our specialty line. So Doug, that's what I would say as sort of a macro perspective.
Douglas Elliot: Yes. I agree with that, Chris. I would also add that we saw a little bit of a bump-up in the quarter for some accruals on the expense side. So the expense piece also is running a little abnormally high in the quarter. But when I adjust for the expense piece, some noise with Navigators and then the encouragement of what's happening on the pricing side, I really do feel like 2020 is achievable. Yes, we have a lot of work to get done to make that happen, but I believe we will. And I think we're off to a terrific start as we closed '19 and entered 2020 to get our numbers moving.
David Motemaden: Got it. Great. And Doug, if I could just follow up, you had mentioned some adjustments to the limit profile that you were making for 2020. Just wondering if you could comment just in terms of what the average in limit size is for you guys ex workers' comp and what changes are you implementing.
Douglas Elliot: When I talk about limit profile, I'm primarily talking about Navigators and our excess casualty book because, as you know, across the core HIG book, we're essentially talking about $1 million, $2 million limits, and we were not much of an umbrella player. Over the last 5 years, Navigators has been working on reducing its limits. So our average limits now are well down below $10 million and in very few places do we take limits greater than $10 million. So our normal book is in the $5 million, maybe in some cases, $10 million limit range. But that's where we play. And over the last couple of years, we've also been working hard at where we attach. So I would say that the profile of limit and the attachment point are keen in our focus, and we'll continue to adjust by class as we move through 2020.
Operator: Next question comes from Ryan Tunis of Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Doug, I guess, first of all, on workers' comp, did you say in the prepared remarks that, that was a 1-point drag this year on the accident year combined ratio or just on the workers' comp picks?
Douglas Elliot: I did, year-over-year, '18 and '19.
Ryan Tunis: On the overall commercial?
Douglas Elliot: Just on comp itself.
Ryan Tunis: So that means the overall drag would be, what, maybe like 0.5 point on commercial here in '19?
Douglas Elliot: That's a fair estimate to make, yes, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And I guess in the outlook for 2020, are you thinking about a similar type of drag from comp? Or do you expect that to accelerate?
Douglas Elliot: The 0.5 point across our book is what we're expecting in 2020. So when I think about all-in workers' comp across our lines, I think that's a good approximate number to use.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then I guess just on Navigators, the 5 to 6 points, it sounds like that could come from 3 areas. It could come from, I guess, less unfavorable loss activity, it could come from rate, and it could come from underwriting improvement, remediation. If you had to think about those 5 or 6 points, how would you divvy it up between those three?
Douglas Elliot: Well, rate is going to be the easiest to measure for sure. And I think based on the high teens that we posted in Q4, we're very positive about progress we're making there. I would add expenses to your pile. I'm not sure I heard expenses in your group, but we are working expenses. And yes, there'll be some expenses that come out of the equation. So that is also a part of it.The piece that will be most difficult to measure or quantify will clearly be the underwriting actions because they'll be embedded in losses and will be very difficult to know a loss that you've been able to either moderate or avoid versus an underwriting action taken. I don't think that's measurable. But the combination of those actions and our pricing activity against loss trend, to me, sets up the change that you talked about and that Chris and I referred to.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then I guess my last one, Doug, is just thinking about some of the large loss activity. I think you said that was in international. And obviously, this business mix is a little bit new to you guys. If you could maybe give us some perspective on why a $4 million loss and a $6 million loss is, in fact, something that you have a handle on that you wouldn't necessarily expect to recur.
Douglas Elliot: I think we've shared with you from the beginning that the core of The Hartford businesses were more frequency-based, and there's a bit more severity in the Navigators book. We've worked hard over the last 9 months to understand that better by product. As we move into 2020, our metrics will get tighter. Again, we've made and continue to make underwriting adjustments, appetite adjustments, et cetera.So as we looked at the fourth quarter and we looked at their property results, both domestically and also international, we just felt like there were a few losses that were beyond our expectations. And we booked them in the quarter and moved our accident year pickup accordingly. Again, as we roll into 2020, we still have to figure out what the right base is to launch from. But I feel like we have accounted for 2019 activity and know exactly what we need to get done in 2020 for us to make the plan that we've talked about.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith: Two questions. Doug, I just wanted to follow up a little bit on what David was talking about as far as limit profile at Navigators. Given the limit profile there is obviously a little bit higher, more property, should we expect this kind of large loss activity to be more frequent in your business going forward?
Douglas Elliot: I don't think so, Brian. And I would actually suggest to you that we're spending a lot of time on their excess casualty portfolio as well. So their umbrella and excess limit product is certainly under enormous interest right now. The market is searching for capacity. And so I think we have deep experienced professionals in that space, a lot of interest on the part of many of our long-term Hartford retail brokers and agents. So the demand is up a lot for that excess casualty. We're using our capacity appropriate, and we're layering in actuarial, data science and all the capabilities that I think we bring as a firm. So encouraged about both opportunity, thoughtful about projections we're making, and we'll understand our book and adjust accordingly as we go through 2020.
Brian Meredith: Got you. But the loss is sort of more property-focused, yes?
Christopher Swift: Brian, it's Chris. Can I just add to Doug's point, including the prior questions? We've worked hard to get our arms around this book, and I believe we have. I think we have a deeper understanding of all aspects of the book, whether it be domestic or international.I'd remind you, we largely kept the Navigators reinsurance program in place that, again, on a closer-look basis, we think is well designed. And remember, part of the reason why we did the acquisition was because we like the people. We thought they were talented men and women that had immense capabilities in their own craft, in their own art. And we want to empower them obviously within a risk profile that we're comfortable with, we fully understand. But the execution day to day is -- was left obviously to Vince Tizzio and his team. And I think they're off to a great start in our environment, Doug. And we're growing and improving, and I think we're going to add a lot of value together.
Douglas Elliot: Brian, maybe one other comment on the property side. I don't think -- and I'm not suggesting that what happened in the fourth quarter is this new trend to continue with every quarter, multiple exceptions to our P&L. Yes, they've had some noise in it. I think we are aggressively pricing the sector. I talked about an excess of 18 to 20 points of price in the quarter. We're also non-renewing a series of accounts. And in some of our tech sectors, energy sectors, we have loss ratios that are not sustainable. So we're working on those as we speak and intend to get our property book in line with our expectations going forward.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then my second question, on the Personal Lines side. Just looking at the AARP Direct business, you talked about initiatives in place to drive double-digit new business growth. I guess my question there is are retentions -- are you happy where retentions are? And at what point do you think we could start seeing some actually growth in written premium in the AARP business again?
Douglas Elliot: Yes. Good question. So generally, we are pleased with the recovery on the retention side over the last couple of years. I still think there's a little bit of lift inside that, maybe 1 point, 1 point plus. There's a lot of shopping activity in the environment overall in Personal Lines, so we're mindful of that. But we're both encouraged with progress and also hopeful that there's more to be had on the retention side.Relative to new, we have just improved our capabilities both on the desk and with our people, I think, enormously over the last couple of years. We continue to dial in our marketing activities. So I feel pretty good about that. You saw a 35%-plus change for the year in sales. I'm not sure we're going to get there next year with that kind of number, but we certainly expect to be up next year, as I described in my script. So encouraged by that and think that as we move through the latter half of '20 into '21, we'll see that growth move into positive stage for AARP Direct.
Operator: The next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields: Within Personal Lines, I guess, looking at the guidance, can you give us a sense as to the expectations for non-CAT weather losses on a year-over-year basis?
Douglas Elliot: Beth, do you have the -- I'm not sure I have that handy. Meyer, we can -- let us go back and look at that one and see if we can help.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's perfect. And then switching over to workers' compensation, we've seen recently, I guess, some signs of medical inflation and some signs of wage growth at least in broader macroeconomic data. Are we seeing any change in severity trends within your book?
Douglas Elliot: Our book is generally stable. So as we look at our long-term picks and our severity estimates, I think we're essentially in line. Now the last couple of years, we probably outperformed slightly. But as we move forward '20- '21, we have not come off our mid-single-digits severity picks, both medical and, to a lesser extent, indemnity.
Operator: The next question comes from Amit Kumar of Buckingham Research.
Amit Kumar: Two quick follow-up questions. The first question goes back to the discussion on the Standard Commercial Lines. If I look at the earned rate, the earned rate was 2.7% in Q4. And you're talking about the loss cost trends in mid-single digit in primary and higher in excess. So if I were to step back, is the thought process that earned rate will accelerate much faster than what you have seen and hence outpace the loss cost? Or how should that translate into margin expansion from here?
Douglas Elliot: Yes, I think that's the right way to look at it. Our delivered written pricing in the fourth quarter extending into 2020 is going to move north the earned rate increases to get on top of the loss trends that I described. So yes, slightly disappointed that we have not been able to drive more pricing, and I'm talking primarily about Middle Market business U.S. And so we've been slightly behind, which is why you're seeing some deterioration in our margins in Middle Market. I expect that to turn in 2020. And the expectation is that we will improve our margins, as Chris noted, essentially in all our lines ex workers' comp.
Christopher Swift: In fact, Doug, isn't it -- I think that the data that we have is ex workers' comp for Standard Commercial, which includes Small and Middle, ex workers' comp, our rate increase is actually about 6.4% during the quarter, which is that momentum that you talked about building and it's expected. And our execution is going to drive that continuation into 2020.
Douglas Elliot: It is. The 6.5% is a pretty solid number. And actually, even in Small Commercial ex workers' comp, we've been at or around the 6% range now for about 8 quarters. So encouraged by that steady performance. And that's really been a good driver in terms of why our combined ratio, both underlying and total, have been in very good shape in Small.
Amit Kumar: Got it. And then the second question I had was, in the opening remarks, you talked about social inflation. And you did mention it's not a new phenomena, et cetera. If we were to go back and compare today versus a year ago, based on the data you're seeing, would you say it's coming in, in line with expectations, slower than expectations or faster than expectations?
Christopher Swift: Yes. Amit, I would say in line with expectations. There isn't anything outside of norm that we see. Doug talked about litigation rates and representation rates that have been generally stable for us over the last 3 or 4 years. So we've had to make some adjustments. We didn't get everything right over a 6-, 7-year period here, but I think we're on top of it. And we're managing the best way we can and being proactive, not only looking back at data but actually trying to think what can happen going forward.
Douglas Elliot: Chris, and that's absolutely true for The Hartford book. What I would add on top of that is that probably in the excess area, we see a little bit more severity, a little bit more social inflation than maybe we expected a year ago. And that's also driving our price increases in the marketplace. So I didn't expect to be looking at a fourth quarter in '19, 12 months prior, in the mid-teens, but I think we need it. And as we better understand that book, we're driving the price increases that need to chase that loss trend. So I feel we're on top of it and pleased that our HIG book continues to perform about the way we expected.
Christopher Swift: And Amit, that's why we did the reinsurance transaction with National Indemnity on Navigators was to really take that tail risk off until we got our arms fully around it. Obviously, we paid a premium for that, but I still like that trade we did given some of the uncertainty in the marketplace today on social inflation.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Zaremski of Crdit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski: First question on Group Benefits. Clearly, phenomenal results. Curious, Chris, in your prepared remarks, I believe you said you're kind of assuming more normalized incidence and recovery trends. So in the 2020 guidance, has HIG changed its incidence trend or recovery assumptions to kind of reflect an improved trend line? Or are you just kind of thinking last year was more of an anomaly?
Christopher Swift: I would say, Michael, that our assumptions and methodologies are generally consistent over the years. We haven't changed anything in how we think about setting reserves or pricing product, which generally uses, I call it, a mean average approach so that we're not using the most recent dot in an incidence report. We're taking more of a five year period of time. So there is a little bit of mean averaging going in there as far as our assumptions. So -- but it's been consistent between years.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. Lastly, and I need to delve more into it, but it looks like the catastrophe reinsurance program might be purchasing a little bit more reinsurance. And if that's correct, that could be behind the CAT load guidance coming in slightly below last year's guidance. Is that correct? And if so, is there -- should we be baking in any -- a higher underlying loss ratio from the increased spend?
Beth Costello: Yes. So a couple of things. And I would say, relatively speaking, our program is very consistent. We did purchase down in the aggregate treaty. And overall, when we look at the spend for the whole program and the various changes we made, it's really not a significant delta from the prior year. And as far as the CAT ratio guide at -- being in total kind of where we came at this year, that's not reflective of any changes in the reinsurance program. It's really just looking at underlying exposures and as we ran our models. And it's really, I think, only slightly down -- is down slightly from last year.
Michael Zaremski: And Beth, if I could sneak one last one in. Did you -- is there -- did you comment on the -- on PG&E, whether that refund, has that come through? And if it does, would that be used towards capital management?
Beth Costello: Yes. So I did not comment -- update our comments on PG&E. We continue to watch as that activity continues. We have not booked any recovery associated with the plans that are underway. We'll continue to watch what the final program is that comes out of bankruptcy. And yes, I mean overall, that -- any benefits that we receive, net of what we would have to reimburse our reinsurers for, would improve the capital position in P&C. But I wouldn't make a direct link to that to an increase in share repurchases. It will just go into the mix relative to capital resources.
Operator: And the last question today comes from Michael Phillips of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: One more, if I could, on the outlook on commercial and from the expense side. I guess there's a lot of moving parts obviously on your expense ratio. You've talked about higher commissions defending your Small Commercial. I don't know when that ends, if you could talk about that. Investments, the benefits of which could accrue at some point, you're still making investments. So talk about the expense ratio there.And then Doug mentioned some accruals or whatever that happened in this quarter that kind of bumped it up a bit, so I'm not sure the impact on that. But as we think about 2020 on the expense ratio side, kind of what's a good starting point? 34.5-ish looks like maybe for the year-end. Is that a bit high? And how do you expect that to move in 2020?
Christopher Swift: Yes. Michael, it's Chris. I would say, again, the context to the number that I'm going to give you is we've been on a program to invest in our platform, whether it be, call it, technology, whether it be digital, whether it be product and underwriting. We've been on a journey. And we've talked about sort of the elevation in our expense ratio primarily due to the invest side.I would say where we ended 2019 on a full year basis in that 32.5 to 33, Commercial and Personal Lines together, keep GB separate for the time being, is a good number for next year to maybe slightly down. I think we're coming to the point in that long-term program that we've put into place where the invest dollars are going to begin to slow down once we finish second half of 2020 heading into '21. I think we are a larger-scale organization or a growth-orientated firm that will continue to add premium, again, properly priced and good business.So all that would point to, particularly as we get out into '21 and beyond, I'll call it, a stairstep back to a normalized and competitive expense ratio over time. So -- but again, we've been deliberate about what we needed to do as an organization, we think, to create value and be competitive long term. And we're not backing away from that, but we're at the tail end of the program. That's what I would say, Doug and Beth.
Michael Phillips: Great. Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then I guess my last one, kind of more higher level. Chris, in your opening comments, you talked about the momentum in pricing. You were talking about the overall market, not just you guys, I believe you were. And I think you said you expect it to continue for 18 to 24 months from here. I guess -- hopefully, I heard you right. If that's the case, kind of what's behind that to you? That's a pretty long extension. And so what do you think is going to keep driving pricing up for the next two years?
Christopher Swift: Well, getting to ultimately target ratios that support an adequate return for the risk the industry is taking. I outlined low interest rates. That's going to be a little bit of a headwind. But if I look at product lines and where comp is headed, I mean -- and again, from managing the book of business, you never really want to shock your book of business and go to a 50% retention rate. So generally, what you try to do is be thoughtful on retentions but firm and disciplined and work through your distribution partners to talk through the actions that are going to be required in the near term and over a longer period of time. And I just think, given where we're starting from and given some of the pressure on social inflation and liability cost, commercial auto in general, it's going to take two years to get back to target margins.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back to Ms. Susan Spivak for closing remarks.
Susan Bernstein: Thank you, Alyssa. We appreciate you all joining us today, and please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any follow-up questions or if we did not get to your question today. Talk to you on the next call. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Hartford Financial Services Group Inc, Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference call over to Susan Spivak of Investor Relations. The floor is yours maam.
Susan Spivak: Thank you and good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on third quarter 2019 earnings. We reported our results yesterday afternoon and posted all the earnings-related materials, including the 10-Q on our website.For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period.Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Todays call includes Forward-Looking Statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings.Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement.Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartfords prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartfords website for one year.I will now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Swift: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Hartford had an excellent quarter with strong financial results across all our business lines. Third quarter earnings rose 31% over prior year to 548 million or $1.50 per diluted share with lower catastrophe losses and continues to solid investment results.Our businesses are performing very well. Book value per diluted share excluding a AOCI was up 8% to $42.55 from year-end. The consolidated 12 months core earnings ROE was 12.3% in impressive results in the current market environment.The strong execution of our strategy is demonstrated by our consistent operating performance quarter-to-quarter delivering on key integration milestones and continuing to invest in our business to enhance customer experience in efficiency.Dough and Beth will cover results in more detail, but I wanted to touch briefly on a few items. Commercial lines highlights in the third quarter include core earnings of 303 million up 14% over prior year. Solid top-line growth with and without Navigators and renewal pricing rate acceleration compared to the first half of the year.When we announced the acquisition of Navigators more than a year ago, an important part of our strategy was to broaden our underwriting in product capabilities as a global specialty player and added benefit was the expansion of our distribution relationships into the wholesale channel to serve more risk needs of customers.Nearly six months have passed since we have closed the Navigators transaction. The progress to-date is on-track and I'm very pleased with collaboration amongst the teams and the positive reception from distribution partners.Our book is benefiting from the strong pricing tailwinds in the market, providing the opportunity to restore certain product lines within global specialty to targeted financial returns. Personal lines core earnings were 87 million up 85% benefiting from lower catastrophe losses in favorable prior year development.While up slightly from prior year the underlying combined ratio of 92.3 for personal lines was a strong result. Our primary focus in this business has been returning to growth with new business up 34% in the quarter.Overall net favorable reserve development for property and casualty was 47 million in the quarter, there were both favorable and unfavorable development in various lines. Our experienced actuarial and claims teams have demonstrated the ability to identify emerging trends within our data, which is used to update our estimates each quarter. Overall, Im confident in our last reserve estimates.Group benefits delivered another excellent quarter with core earnings of 141 million up 38% the increase versus per year was driven by favorable loss ratio, higher net investment income and lower amortization of intangibles. This was partially offset by increased investments in technology, claims management and higher commissions related to our voluntary products.Our total loss ratio improved 4.4 points, driven by favorable disability results partially offset by a deterioration in the life loss ratio. The improvement in the disability continues to come from favorable incidence trends.Results also benefited from updates to our claim recovery assumptions and the recognition of an experience refund related to New York paid family leave product or accident year 2018. In group life severity was elevated in the quarter however, we dont see any consistent trend other than normal volatility.On the top-line, fully insured ongoing premiums were just off slightly versus prior year. Persistency is running slightly below historical trends as we adjust pricing on targeted segments of the Aetna book.Importantly earned premium on the Aetna book of business is in-line with our deal assumptions and conversions of cases continues to go very well from both the platform and pricing perspective. Overall, we are very pleased with the operational execution and financial performance of group benefits.Before I turn the call over to Doug, wanted to make a few comments on the microenvironment. The property and casualty industry is facing a number of challenges that have been well documented. Net investment income is under pressure in what is likely a prolonged period of low interest rates effecting new money in overall portfolio yields.The frequency of severe weather related storms as well as other catastrophic events such as wild fires are elevated, pressuring rates to keep up with CAT trends. Social inflation related to larger claim settlement continues to put pressure on loss cost trends.However, social inflation is not a new phenomena, we have been monitoring these trends for years taking the appropriate actions to ensure our pricing models in underwriting reflect these realities. To conclude with one quarter left in the year, our experience through the first nine-months is generally consistent with the outlook we provided with no major surprises.The successful integration and execution of our two recent transactions, strong financial results and capital management demonstrate our strategy is working. It is an exciting time at the Hartford for all our stakeholders, customers, employees, distribution partners and shareholders. Im confident in our ability to produce consistent results contributing to shareholder value creation.Now, I will turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. The Hartfords property and casual results for the quarter were strong. Top-line growth was fueled by the Navigators acquisitions, while underlying organic growth and commercial lines was a solid 4%.In personnel lines, new business growth is up significantly from third quarter 201,8 but is moderated from earlier in the year. We are pleased with the underlying returns across all of our Property and Casualty businesses as each continues to execute effectively.With a relatively benign quarter for catastrophes, as losses were below third quarter 2018. Current year CAT losses in the quarter total $106 million, $63 million less than a year ago.In aggregate Property and Casualty reported favorable prior year development of $47 million this quarter improving severity trends across workers compensation, small commercial package business and personnel line auto all drove favorable reserve releases.Partially offsetting these releases was a reserve strengthening and commercial auto liability and general liability driven by some large loss activity.As Chris has already mentioned, there has been a fair amount of commentary during the quarter regarding social inflation and we are certainly not immune to these unfavorable tort trends. However, keep in mind our Hartford book is made up primarily of smaller customers with lower limit profiles.In addition, the adverse development cover we purchased on the Navigators wants development provides another layer of protection. Over the past few years, while we have observed higher loss trends, we have also adjusted general liability and commercial auto reserves accordingly. At the same time, we have made underwriting and pricing adjustments to our book in response to these trends. We actively monitor these trends and will continue to take appropriate actions as necessary.Let me now shift into the results for our business segments. The underlying combined for commercial lines which excludes catastrophes and prior development was 93.9 deteriorating two tenths of a point from last year but a strong performance nonetheless.As expected the Navigators book generated approximately one point of increase on the combined ratio. This was partially offset by favorable non-CAT property results. I'm encouraged by the pricing environment in the quarter.Our renewal written pricing and standard commercial lines was 2.8% up 40 basis points sequentially from second quarter and up 90 basis points from prior year. This positive pricing change remains somewhat depressed by the current workers compensation pricing environment.Middle market pricing excluding workers compensation was 5.6% in the quarter up 130 basis points from second quarter and up 180 basis points from the prior year. The strong improvement reflects the rate actions we are taking across our core lines. Given industry loss trends and operating performance in these non-workers compensation lines, I expect this pricing trend to persist.Let's now take a look inside our commercial line business units. Small commercial continued it is excellent performance with an underlying combined ratio at 87.9. The margin improvement versus last year was driven primarily by lower non-GAAP property losses and lower underwriting expenses.Written premium was flat to prior year due to renewal written pricing decreases in workers compensation and the completion of the new business rollover from the Foremost renewal rights transaction. Excluding Foremost new business premium growth was up a very strong 13% for the quarter driven by workers compensation and package business.We expect continued new business growth to come from the launch of our next generation package offering we call Spectrum. This is much more than just a new product release. With this modular policy and the enhanced platform that supports it, we have taken our industry leading capabilities to a new level, making buying small business insurance easier than ever.A consumer buying small business insurance from the Hartford now receives tailored recommendations for their coverage or the ability to customize their own. Their agent is able to view real time pricing much the same way an online retail shopper can see a running total of the costs or products placed in their cart.As of today, we are live in 32 states and will be in 45 by year-end. We are already seeing increases in quotes and additional optional coverage selections. This game changing product launch only adds to our excitement about our long-term prospects for growth in this segment.In middle and large commercial, the underlying combined ratio of 99.6 improved 1.6 points from 2018 driven primarily by the lower non-cap property losses. Notably, in the marine losses which were elevated in the second quarter have moderated.Written premium was up 12% over last year due impart to the addition of certain legacy Navigators businesses within middle and large commercial. Ex-Navigators written premium was up 7% with strong production in national accounts, large property and programs as well as in verticals such as construction and energy.We are achieving rate increases across middle and large commercial, our property and auto rate increases are up sequentially in the quarter over a 100 basis points with liability not far behind. In global specialty the underlying combine ratio of $96.2 deteriorated 6.4 points primarily the result of including the Navigators book this quarter.Since the acquisition, we have been aggressively re-underwriting and reprising portions of the Navigators book. In the third quarter, we achieved double-digit rate increases on both the Navigators U.S. and international business with significant rate acceleration during the quarter and since the first quarter of this year.In the U.S., we achieved strong underwriting results in our management and professional liability and surety lines. We are also pleased with both renewal pricing and new business generation from our wholesale distribution channel in the U.S.In international, we have taken significant actions to address two plus years of sub-par returns in our Lloyd syndicate and London Market portfolio. In addition to the aggressive pricing actions, we are taking on this book we have exited certain underperforming lines and reduced significantly the number of binders, MGAs and line slips across the portfolio.We have also materially reduced the overall limits deployed in several lines including DNO, ENO and casualty. Our global specialty team is off to a terrific start they are active addressing opportunities in the book as well as taken advantage of favorable market conditions where appropriate.Integration efforts continue including expertise sharing and data science, technology, product design, claim and many other areas, executing across core risk functions will play an important role in improving the financial performance of this business. We fully expect global specialty to be a significant contributor to commercials premium growth as profit returns to target return levels.Moving to personnel lines, the underlying combine ratio of 92.3 deteriorated 50 basis points from the third quarter of 2018, but still a very good overall result. The expense ratio increased nearly one point due to the impact of lower earn premium while the loss ratio will improve 40 basis points. The loss ratio improvement is reflected in both our auto and homeowner results driven by earn pricing increases and non-CAT homeowner experience.New business growth was up 34% compared to prior year, this is another positive new business quarter as marketing spend and product adjustments continue to gain traction. In ARP direct auto, our critical production levers including flow, close ratios and new sales all improved compared to prior year. Importantly, we are pleased with the underlying profile of this growth and encouraged by the improving trends.Despite continued strong improvement in direct new business growth, total written premium was down 4%, though we have made progress to improve the profitability of our ARP book, more work is needed on retention and new business to return to positive growth.In summary this is a very strong quarter across our Property and Casualty businesses, we are executing effectively against our plans while responding to last class trends and competitive market dynamics. We are taking appropriate pricing actions and making disciplined underwriting decisions. This is driving clear progress in-lines and accounts that need to improve overall profitability.Meanwhile, we remain extremely encouraged by the product breadth and depth of the underwriting talent that the Navigators acquisition is contributing and we are already seeing the impact of these additions in our businesses and with our distribution partners. The positive progress on key milestones drive my bullish outlook on our future. I look forward to updating you all in another 90 days.Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Costello: Thank you Doug. Today I'm going to cover third quarter results for the investment portfolio, Hartford Funds Incorporate and provide an update on capital management. Our investment portfolio continues to perform very well with strong limited partnership returns and generally stable investment yields.Net investment income was 490 million for the quarter up 46 million or 10% from the prior year. Excluding Navigators net investment income was 462 million or 4% higher than the prior year. The annualized limited partnership return was 15.3% in the quarter due to higher valuation than underlying funds.Lower interest rates and tighter credit spreads increased net unrealized gains on fixed maturities after tax to 1.8 billion at September 30th up from 1.4 billion at June 30th. Unrealized and realized gains on equity securities classified and realized capital gains in the income statement were 19 million before tax in the quarter and 181 million before tax through September 30th.The credit performance of the investment portfolio remains very strong. Net interments in the quarter totaled one million flat with third quarter 2018 given the increasing likelihood of sustained low interest rates, I wanted to touch on how we manage the portfolio in this environment and the impact of the portfolio yield due to lower rates.We have a broad range of investment capabilities and a well diversified portfolio. Our strategy does not pursue lower credit quality for the purpose of making up for lower yields and we will continue to invest in a diversified manner. For the quarter, our current yield before tax excluding limited partnerships was 3.6% equating to 425 million.Taking into consideration potential lower reinvestment rates projected using the forward curve, we could see the portfolio yield excluding limited partnerships declined by close to 10 basis points in 2020 reducing the quarterly run rate of net investment income by approximately 10 million before tax.Turning to Hartford Funds. Core earnings of 39 million were down 5% from last year, but up one million sequentially. Daily average AUM was 2% from second quarter 2019 reflecting strong market performance partially offset by net outflows.Investment performance remains very strong, as of September 30th about 70% of Hartford Funds outperformed peers on a one, three and five year basis. Corporate core losses of 37 million improved by eight million from third quarter 2018.The principal driver of the improvement this quarter was 11 million of income after tax from our retain equity interest in Talcott compared to one million in third quarter 2018. During the quarter, we continue to repurchase shares, year-to-date through November 1st, we have repurchased 2.2 million shares for 126 million, with strong capital generation and financial flexibility, we are pleased to be able to both invest in our businesses and return capital to shareholders.During the third quarter, we issued 1.4 billion of debt comprised of 600 million 10 year 2.8% senior notes and 800 million, 30 year 3.6% senior notes. We used the proceeds to redeem approximately 1.65 billion of debt with the weighted average coupon of 5.3%.The redemption resulted in the loss on extinguishment of debt of 90 million before tax. We continue to plan to repay our 500 million, 5.5% senior notes maturing in March 2020, which will put us in-line with our leverage target.Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI was $42.55 up 8% year-to-date and 9% to September 30, 2018. Core earnings ROE over the last 12 months was 12.3% well in excess of our cost of equity capital. A few other items to comment on before I close. We have included disclosure in the 10-Q about the potential for subrogation recoveries on PG&E related to losses incurred uncertain 2017 and 2018 California wild fires.Given uncertainties with respect to approvals of the PG&E bankruptcy plan, we have not recognized any subrogation recoveries to-date. Based on subrogation claiming submitted all insurers to PG&E and the terms of the proposed settlement which is contingent upon approval of the bankruptcy plan, we would expect growth subrogation recoveries to be approximately 325 million, although the actual amount we collect is subject to uncertainty.The 116 million of any such subrogation recoveries would reduce reinsurance recoverable we have recorded under CAT reinsurance treaties. Accordingly, any benefit to income would be for subrogation recoveries in access of 116 million.Turning to fourth quarter, it has already been an active quarter for catastrophe related events. Our budget for cash in the fourth quarter is approximately 80 million pre-tax. Before considering any losses from the current California wild fires, we are approaching 80 million of catastrophe losses in the month of October including losses from Tornados in the Dallas area and other wind events.While it is still too early to make an estimate of losses we may incur from the current California wild fires, we are monitoring the fires closely in the areas we have ensured properties and businesses at risk. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter we will complete our annual study of asbestos and environmental reserves.Under the average development we purchased in 2016, we have $977 million of remaining coverage available for increases in these reserves. Also, we did not feed any additional net loss reserves in the third quarter to our adverse development cover for Navigators, so we continue to have 209 million of coverage available on that book of business.To summarize, the execution of our strategy is generating strong results across our business lines. The integration of Navigators is on-track and we look forward to continuing to update you on our progress.I will now turn the call over to Susan, so we can begin the Q&A session.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Operator, can you please repeat the instructions for asking a question.
Operator: Yes. We will now begin the question and answer session [Operator Instructions] And the first question we have will come from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
ElyseGreenspan: Good morning. First off that they do, you know depreciate the new kind of stream line disclosure within the press release that was helpful this quarter. My first question for you is on capital. Just following up on some of your prepared remarks, it seems like you guys got the majority of the tax attributes you are expecting this year as the end of the third quarter just looking at the 10-Q disclosure. So I just wanted to walk through that and get a sense of repurchases for the fourth quarter and then for next year and then capital side could you just give us a sense of the dividends you could upstream from the PNC sub in 2020 and also there is any change in the tax attributes you expect as well?
BethCostello: Sure. So first of all, thank you for the comment on the press release. Im glad that you like the new format. So as it relates to holding company cash, I would say overall, we are on-track with what we expected at the beginning of the year. Yes, the timing of the tax benefit we received from AMT refund did come in a little bit earlier than we anticipated.We were anticipating that this year. So we took all of that into consideration, as we have projected kind of our view of share purchases over the course of this year and into next year and we continue to target for this year about a total of 200 million in share repurchases then the remainder of our billion dollar authorization would be used in 2020.As it relates to then dividend streams as we go into 2020. Again, as a reminder we did not take any net dividends from PMC in 2019, but we do you anticipate going back to our normal cadence in 2020. As we talked about in the past we see dividends sort of in the 850 to 900 million range, obviously it will depend on actual results from our group benefits, business typically in the 300 to 350 range obviously results group benefits have been very strong. So, we have seen some increases in those dividends through the years.And then mutual funds usually isn't that 100 and 125 million. And then we do still have some remaining tax benefits that we would expect to receive in 2020 so when we look at 2019, we are probably a little bit over $700 million in tax benefits that will come through.And as we look to 2020 we would be just slightly under 600 million. So again, very much in-line with what we have laid out previously. And then again, I will just remind you as I said, in my prepared remarks, we do still anticipate paying our maturing debt of 500 million in March of 2020.
ElyseGreenspan: Thanks that is very helpful. And then my second question on, if we want to kind of keep track of how Navigators is trending, you guys highlighted some earnings projections for that business going a couple years out. So just trying to get a sense can you kind of set the stage or give us a sense how much earnings came through in the quarter or is it best way for us just clearly look at the global specialty margin to get a sense of, you know how Navigators is tracking.
ChristopherSwift: Elyse, thank you for your question. I would say what we have commented on the past as far as our goals related to the financial performance of Navigators are really unchanged. I think we did say the slope of it might be slightly different the components might be, slightly different.But we still see a path to earnings $200 million of core earnings prior to amortization of intangibles in that four to five year period of time and still excited. Obviously there is a lot of rate being taken in the specialty space broadly defined, but Doug that is what I would say over the long-term, but what would you say in the near-term.
DougElliot: Just to add that this quarter we made very few adjustments to the prior Navigators loss ratios across fair line, either prior year or in the current action year. We tweaked on a liability slightly in the quarter, but other than that is a pretty quite quarter relative to actuarial assumptions.
ElyseGreenspan: Okay. And can you give us a sense of the rate that you are getting just within their book of business?
ChristopherSwift: Yes. I mentioned in my commentary Elyse, there was double-digits and in the quarter essentially the U.S. book was right on top of 10, internationally they were getting closer to 16, and when you put two together we are talking 12ish, 11 to 12 points of price. I also said that it was accelerating in the quarter, so we are quite pleased about that as you think about the run rate July through September and an early peak of October keeps me optimistic, October looks a lot like September. So, I think we are off to a really good start Im very pleased with progress, Vince and his team is working hard to change the outcomes here.
ElyseGreenspan: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Next we have Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neill.
PaulNewsome: Good morning. Thanks for the call. I was hoping you could way in a little bit more on some of the auto trends that we have seen at other companies, both the commercial auto trend and the severity and frequency seems to be a little bit different by company and kind of how you vary that. What you experiences have and so what you think is behind it. And then sort of second question, the private passenger and ask kind of the same question about frequency and severity in all see a little bit of the spike in their frequency physical damage and you have seen same thing. Those are my two questions.
DougElliot: Paul, let me just clarify personnel and commercial both do you want me to
PaulNewsome: Yes.
DougElliot: Okay. Lets start with personnel. We continue to be pleased by the trends we see in our personnel lines auto book, frequency has been in good shape for several quarters now and severity we are mindful of collision severity. But essentially a lot of trends are within our expectations and feel good about our progress and overall performance of the personnel line auto line.In commercial, a bit of different story and the sense that our small commercial book, much smaller vehicle, we have been working right now for five to six years, we have transformed that book. We are essentially not on mono-line players acceptance certain circumstances improvement there, but more improvement necessary in the commercial auto, small commercial space.In the middle, again, this is not a specialty auto sector, this is essentially commercial auto fleets attached to our middle market accounts, slightly heavier than the small commercial. We also have been chasing rate here over the last six to seven years. We have made progress, but not at all acceptable relative to our operating performance in the line today.So, we continue to make underwriting adjustments, we will continue to work hard on rate, very pleased that our rate was up over 10 points in Q3 and auto will continue to work at that in Q4 and into 2020. When I think about loss trends, they look to us like during the mid single-digits maybe plus a little bit in that five to six, 6.5 range commercial auto we are mindful that which means our pricing needs to be on top of that plus some to make appreciable progress in combined ratio. Chris or Beth anything.
PaulNewsome: Do you have any particularly theory about the commercial business that might be different from other folks why we are seeing the severity trend and whether or not it is recovered?
ChristopherSwift: I would just offer that our book of business on the commercial side ex-Nav is largely primary auto, so we are not a significant player in the excess space. I do think the excess layers have had some pressure over the past, three to four years.Navigators has especially auto book we are very mindful that, we are working closely with them sharing our trends working actuarial assumptions, et cetera and taking quite a bit of right there. So our rate change in the Navigators auto book is substantial. But I don't have any greater insight, because I don't have insight into other competitor books like I do our own.
PaulNewsome: Okay. Congratulations for the quarter. Thank you.
ChristopherSwift: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Next, we have Brian Meredith of UBS.
BrianMeredith: First, I'm just curious. In the commercial lines segment, the expense ratio declined year-over-year only around 17% growth G&A expenses as expected to be a little bit higher than that was there anything unusual there is as a decent run rate with respect to kind of G&A expense growth than what we are seeing with the expense ratio?
ChristopherSwift: Yes, good question, Brian and there are some things happening in both Q2 and Q3 that make that compare a little bit challenging. So let me do my best to unpack it. In three quarter, we actually had some credits that ran through from Texas licenses and fees and also some bad debt credits. And when you kind of laser them in you basically get a quarterly expense ratio more like 34.5.In Q2, we had some one timers that put some upward pressure on the expense and I would also point out to you as the Navigators book comes into our expense ratios, as a typical specialty company sometimes they have got slightly higher expense base.So between the U.S. and certainly the international, there is a little bit of inflation on the expense coming in from NAB that we work our way through over the next couple of years. As we meet, we earn our way toward those profit targets we have talked about. So I look at the run rate to Q3 more in the 34.5 range. I think that is kind of where we will be Q4 as I look out.
BrianMeredith: Great, thanks and then my second question, in a small commercial area, maybe you talked about how it is a little bit more insulated from the social inflation environment, given the limits profile of that business. I'm curious, have you seen any increasing competition in that area as a result of what is going in the loss cost inflation environment.
ChristopherSwift: In response to I would say again across many of our businesses there is always competitive pressure, there is new entrants, there is things FinTech related or EsnureTech related activities, but I wouldn't say it is rapidly changing in a more competitive environment where everyone is piling in.I would say and you have heard us talk about this before. We have a 30 year history here with a lot of data, a lot of capabilities, a lot of deep trusted agent relationships that does provide an element of advantage to us.But we are really tuned in on the emerging trends in our own mindset of what do we need to continue to get better every day, whatever we need to do to continue to differentiate ourselves as one of the top go-to-market. So that is our mindset and Doug if you would add anything.
DougElliot: Yes. So, maybe just a couple of comments about our new structure and then I will comments on what we work on the last couple of years. So, very excited Brian about this launch of NexGen spectrum, we have been kind of in the design and building stage for a couple of years now.And I think it is going to be a terrific product in the market much in the way the digital experiences that we are all use to on our personalize. Because of that launch we have been laser focus these last couple of years to get our rate adequacies on our spectrum product where they need to be because is very difficult if your profit challenge in the current line and then go to launch new product.So as we think about loss trends over these last couple of years, we continue to make sure we are on top of those trends with pricing, we see liability trends in that spectrum area still in the mid single-digits and our pricing has been matching that overtime and we feel good about our balance sheet in terms of the reserves that are recorded on our ledger. So, yes we have been very focused on loss trends here, I think good progress and now exciting that we launch our new effort into the latter half of the 2019 into 2020.
BrianMeredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next we have Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.
JimmyBhullar: Hi, good morning. I have a couple of questions for Doug and first on commercial line. How do your ability to take advantage of improving pricing and the overall market, especially given that you have got a big exposure to workers comp your prices are actually obviously under pressure.
DougElliot: Well, we are optimistic that our non-workers compensation pricing continues to improve as I suggested that certainly was the case in Q3 and I expect that to continue into Q4. Yes, we recognized we have some headwinds on a workers comp environment. I would again point out the profitability those books is excellent particularly small commercial.So we are mindful of those headwinds and navigating in the middle of account-by-account and being thoughtful about class selection and state and geography and small commercial. And so, yes it is a tale of two where we are working hard to improve our core pricing while we understand is a very competitive workers comp dynamic that matters greatly to us.
JimmyBhullar: And then on the personnel line, I think you have hope that at some point over the next few quarters you will start to see stabilizing premium and maybe an improvement in premium. But it seems like more and more companies are sort of shifting their focus from revolving margins to accelerating growth. Just comment on competition whether it is still rationale and your expectation when you can sort of get to flat deposit of premium growth in that market?
ChristopherSwift: Yes. Jimmy, we are not going to give any guidance there on a specific drivers, but the overall focus is both organize comment or has been a growth orientation. But you are right, I mean it is a dynamic marketplace just because we want to grow and there is a lot of other competitors that are shifting to that same mindset.So the trick in that environment at least in my judgment is we got to remain discipline you got again segment appropriately your new business by states or territories that make sense for you compared to where your pricing is and the team is executing very well. It is just we are getting that the responses just not converting as many in new business opportunities as feasible. But, Doug that is what I would said.
DougElliot: I agree, Chris and I think we lay out a supplement, you can see we have made very good progress on the retention front, I still think there is a little more work to be done there. And it is a little bit more list. And then absolutely, we are focused on adjusting and thinking carefully about what we do on the new business front, because we want to raise those levels of new business successes.
JimmyBhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next we have Ryan Tunis of Autonomous Research.
RyanTunis: First question to Doug on I guess on commercial auto, just thinking about it seems like over the past decade I was talking about commercial auto development and it was like we have been talking about a probably more hardcore competitors, maybe not so much over the past year, but Im just curious to maybe hear your thoughts on the extent to which maybe you feel like you got ahead of some of these trends maybe in 15, 16, 17. And to the extent you are seeing something new what is new in this 2019 environment that you potentially had reserved for contemplated prior to this?
DougElliot: Ryan thanks. Let us just start on the quarter and then I do want to come in because I think you are onto something relative to the prior trend. So in this quarter, we made an adjustment to our prior year development based on some large losses we had seen in our national account book.So it is largely national accounts, I would say almost all national accounts 80% of the changes national accounts, and it's something that we had not adjusted in the last several years. So really excited our national book.If you go back over five to six years, correctly stated we have been adjusting auto. I would say back in the 12 to 13 time period, we had a broader specialty auto book, transportation vehicles that caused some of the adjustment and actually raised our attention to this commercial auto dynamic that we have been working hard on for five or six years.So I would agree with if you have looked at what we have done in the commercial auto space on our reserves, and our current next year underwriting and pricing. This has been an ongoing work in process for us.We did some tuning in the quarter, more importantly, we continue to leverage the findings in our book of business to do the best job we can at underwriting and profitability book going forward and we are sharing them with Navigators as we come together.
RyanTunis: Perfect and then maybe for Chris, just on the benefit obviously we are seeing some very favorable trends there. And I guess what surprises a P&C analyst is how well pricing seems to hold off. So Im curious in your view, how does the pricing cycle kind of work for group benefits. Have you seen any increasing competition in that area as a - group beneficial. I'm seeing this transition to workers comp over the next couple years?
ChristopherSwift: Sure, Ryan. I would say yes we are performing very well and I said in my commentary, I think we provided enough data to say that there were a couple of one timers in this quarter. So I look at it that the quarter was roughly more in-line with 120 million earnings and an 8% margin.But clearly above our long-term views that we have guided here, which is still six to seven. I think the thing that you just have to keep in mind is a lot of the results that are emerging today are based on pricing and commitments we have made two, three years ago that are just outperforming.So unlike P&C, we generally make three year rate guarantees, we are very thoughtful and discipline in making those three year rate guarantees, because that is the commitment. So, we are just outperforming the expectations both on incidences and recoveries that is contributing to that current outperformance. So hopefully that helps you.
RyanTunis: It does. Thanks.
Operator: Next we have David Motemaden of Evercore.
DavidMotemaden: Hi. Thanks, good morning. Just a question for Doug, just wanted to get a bit more detail on the changes that you guys made to reserves and GL and also just talk about what you are assuming on severity going forward and in your loss picks and what sort of rate you are seeking in the market right now?
DougElliot: Yes that was a multiple component question. So let me do my best to working away through. In other liability, general liability we made some tweaks really across years, across businesses, I would say a series of small tweaks couple in the product area, a couple umbrellas, et cetera.Nothing significant in any one pocket, but largely across our middle market book of business. Construction included a little bit of our specialty, general liability book. So that really is the basis for the tweaking we did in the quarter for general liability.In a broader sense, we think about loss trends, overall our loss trends are somewhere in that mid single-digit range when you combine all our lines and Im thinking primarily about auto liability and GL which is two lines that really form the basis for most of your questions.So, they may move a bit between small and middle and some of our specialty lines with the global specialty book. But we are talking about trying to be on top of mid single-digit trends and now our pricing across various lines is either on top of slightly advancing on or - on top of in the case of some of our specialty access area.So, I share with you, we are really pleased about some of the specialty areas that we have had substantial movement in pricing double-digit moves in pricing where I feel like we are going to see the benefits of that kind of working into our book in 2020 and beyond.
DavidMotemaden: Got it. Great. Thanks. And a question for just for Chris on the group business and top-line specifically sales were down a decent amount year-over-year. Just sort of wondering what you are seeing competitively and also more specifically what you are outlook would be for top-line earned premium growth here over the next few years as Aetna is more fully integrated?
ChristopherSwift: Sure, David. I was trying to explain that, I mean it is still a competitive environment out there, but there is still an element of rationality that I see most of our competitors exhibiting. You might have an account or two where new business opportunity where someone does something more aggressive, but generally competitive but balanced.So we would say the year-over-year numbers that you are looking at does look down, but really when you adjust for the New York Family Paid Leave product that launched in 2018, you really have sort of $40 million delta between year-to-date, 2019 compared to year-to-date 2018.So, really you can consider it slightly down to flattish. So again I think we are still performing at a high level from our sales side, which is still some contributions to sales in that $40 million to $50 million range from Edna's medical staff that is still referring business and jointly selling. So we feel good about the overall sales performance.So I said in my opening comments, your premiums are slightly down 1% on a earned basis, primarily due to just higher lapses, lower persistency on the Aetna book as we are taking targeted actions, since to re-price in those books.So everything is according to plan, but as we look forward, I still see modest growth in top-line for group benefits, really supported by some of our ancillary lines anchored in ANH and voluntary.
DavidMotemaden: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Next, we have Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse.
MikeZaremski: Hey good morning. I wouldn't mind maybe trying to get more color on next gen spectrum, in terms of maybe you can isolate what the major changes are, from the commentary is it easier for your - the business owners to self service. I'm just curious, is there a direct selling component to potentially for small businesses and then also is there ultimately to measure the success you expect sales to accelerate or better profitability just anymore color would be great, it seems like it is a big deal?
ChristopherSwift: Good question Mike and thank you for asking it. I would start by saying yes, this is a sales tool that essentially will sit on the desktop of our CSRs, Customer Service Reps around the country and all the agents and brokers we do business with.It is a tool that will allow them to be faster, more insightful and help their customers make choices, I would say inside the tool you should think about, good, better, best type dynamics. All the coverages, very tuned to what a certain customer or SIC class would require, what types of optional coverages are there et cetera.So, yes I think it is a best-in-class selling tool with advice that either comes out of the box with a terrific offer for a customer or offers additional coverages that a CSR will work with a potential customer to purchase. So that is the basis of this exciting innovation for us.And then secondly, yes we do expect overtime our new sales and spectrum to lift. It is hard to predict, but our expectations over the next couple of years is that we will see some change in our new business sales and we will watch that carefully and report on that as we go through time.
MikeZaremski: Okay, that is helpful. Lastly, if we step back and kind of talk about in a broader sense about commercial pricing versus loss cost trend. Is it fair to say that - if there is a gap, it hasn't changed much quarter-over-quarter taking into account workers comp and so it sounds like there hasn't been any meaningful, notable changes over the last quarter?
ChristopherSwift: And is your question more in the loss trend area or the pricing areas?
MikeZaremski: It is on both, it is kind of seems like pricing is moving north and trend might be moving a little bit north. So net-net kind of similar to last quarter?
ChristopherSwift: Yes, I would agree with your statement in the aggregate and then I think we would have to parse it apart by specialty by excess, by primary financial lines, spectrum et cetera. So in the aggregate, yes, we see lifting and pricing across middle, non-workers comp as we have examined our loss trends, I would say largely in the primary space pretty consistent with Q2.Yes maybe we are a little careful to make sure we are catching some uptick in the social inflation dynamic. But I dont think material in any given way. And then in the specialty book, yes we are spending a lot of time inside our excess, our umbrella, our specialty areas and we are mindful of where trends are expecting a little bit of upward lift in those trends and therefore our pricing has been pretty aggressive there. So, pleased with progress on both front, but I think you have it about right.
MikeZaremski: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next we have Amit Kumar of Buckingham Research.
AmitKumar: Thanks. And good morning. Two quick follow ups maybe going back to Mikes question on rate versus loss trends. So if you blend I guess all the moving parts and look at small commercial. As we head into 2020, is your sense that the loss trend will end up running harder than what we expected hence the rate versus loss trend metric does not expand or is it more of a function of the book?
DougElliot: So, Amit let me start and Beth and Chris can go over the top. We are not prepare today that to take into 2020 - what Im very pleased about is if you look at our metrics and our access combine across commercial and you see in for our segments. I think we have done a nice job at dealing with loss trend, getting improving rate performance and across both our most profitable segment, which is small commercial kind of holding in margins that are terrific.And we are mindful that we need to make more meaningful change in the middle and large commercial areas. So, I look at all-in Q3 number on top of Q2 and feel pretty good about it and as I mentioned in my earlier commentary, we know there was a little bit of upward pressure from NAV book coming in, we will work our way through that and at some point that will be a positive, because we will starting turning the tide on that number as we move into 2020.
AmitKumar: Okay. Then on Chris or anyone had to add something to that.
ChristopherSwift: Again, I think Doug is accurate as always. I think the tricks is going to be here everything is sort of more granular right these days, whether it be states, products, accounts so when you add it all up I think what Doug says makes perfect sense.My particular point of view is that this could be a dynamic environment for the next couple of years for sure. Because I dont think it is you know realistic at least in my expectation that 15 points of rate in the specialty book in aggregate is going to get back to targeted returns.As I said, particularly as it relates to Navigators we are taking a multiple year journey to get to targeted earnings and returns. And I think a lot of others are going to be in that same position where just one year of feeling good about high single-digit or low double-digit rates in certain lines primarily specialty isnt going to cut it and that is going to require a multi-year approach.
AmitKumar: Got it. The only other question is on the last call. I guess we have fine tuned Navigators a bit and Chris on that call you had said one 10ish was sort of the number for 2020. Are we still in the ballpark or based on what has evolved, are we somewhere in the middle or not?
ChristopherSwift: Yes. Obviously Im not going to give you any really specific details. But the ranges that we put out, I still think are valid as I said I would anchor in the low end of that range. And Im not changing our views right now at this point in time.
AmitKumar: Got it. Thanks for the answers. And congrats on the print.
Operator: Next, we have Gary Ransom of Dowling & Partners.
GaryRansom: Good morning, most of my questions have been answered. But I did want to follow-up on the new spectrum policy and I wondered specifically whether there is a little bit of leapfrogging going on with other competitors in their own system. Can you actually detect when someone else has something, a new star offering and see a little bit of lowering of your quote volume then you put something out, you see a little bit of higher, and if you do, does that last for a while does it have some duration. I'm just trying to get a sense of the growth components and how this might play out.
ChristopherSwift: Yes, thanks Gary. We do watch all those statistics carefully. So we are able to watch quote volume we are able to watch yield. So the number of hits or successful quotes against total quotes I would say relative to competitors rollout, we watch what they put out publicly and normally there is a little bit of a buzz or discussion about enhancements or innovations in the marketplace, I'm sure very similar to what is happening with our next generation spectrum offering right now.I think that is the easier way to find out about things. But we study the numbers, we are mindful of even the statistics I quoted in my script right, we are watching optional purchases - optional coverage purchases right now we are watching number of quotes. And we have an expected trajectory that we expect to see over the next three or four quarters and so we will be right on top of that.
GaryRansom: Is this something that will roll out to all the renewals or is it just something for new business?
ChristopherSwift: Yes, we are quoting new business right now. As I said, we are in mid-30 states and by year-end we expect to be essentially 45 and then we will deal with the last couple of states next year, but new business I think Gary today.
GaryRansom: Okay. alright. Thank you very much.
ChristopherSwift: Thank you.
Operator: The next question we have will come from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
YaronKinar: Hi good morning everybody. I want to start with going on the reserve development in commercial lines and making another one on group benefits. So with reserve development I think in recent years we have seen kind of initial aspects in both general liability and commercial auto come in a bit below most recent picks for our prior years. Can you maybe talk about that dynamic and how comfortable you are with your picks for the more recent years considering the fact that you have an increasing the initial aspects there and is it just pricing that you have achieved that has offset some of the weaker picks in prior years?
DougElliot: Let me start and then Beth can work over the top. I would say over the past six plus years, we have been working both pricing and underwriting. So we have been adjusting our offerings across the marketplace, in classes, monocline grouped with other accounts, et cetera. So multiple different options that we have been working.In general, I would agree with you that we have been light on our [XM] (Ph) picks at 12 months, which is the reason that if you look at our trend line, we have made adjustments to those prior year picks over the last six, seven years and I think we do a nice job of disclosing that in our in our supplement.So the disappointment is that last year obviously has been higher than we expected, and we didn't get the punch that we expected on the underwriting side. And so we are doubling down now, I think we continue to make progress again. I would separate some of this discussion by class of vehicle whether we are talking small commercial with primarily private passenger and light vans or middle market with some heavier or the specialty area.And I think that our success are like thereof is not very different than the overall marketplace. But what we have tried to do is when we see something in the book, we have addressed it both on our reserve levels and also on the underwriting. And that is why I dont think there is anything new here, we just need to dive even harder. Beth.
BethCostello: I think that summarizes it very well Doug.
YaronKinar: Okay. Thanks. And then on the group benefit side, the experience in claims recovery that you have seen for recent vintages, as you expect that kind of continue, is that baked into your estimate today or do you expect some of the version back I mean?
DougElliot: You know I would say Yaron that obviously we update our statistic and views periodically that is what we did this quarter. So, that reflects our best views of trends going forward that in essence we price product on and book reserves on. So, it is our best thinking from here.Now, we have always talked about it, changes in incidence and/or recoveries is somewhat employment centric related. So as long as we dont have any big shocks into the system I would expect our estimates here to hold, but as I have said it is a dynamic world out there and when things change, we just have to reevaluate our assumptions and we would change accordingly.
YaronKinar: Got it. Thanks so much. And thanks for sneaking me in.
Operator: That is all the time we have for todays questions-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference call back over to Susan Spivak for any closing remarks.
Susan Spivak: We appreciate all you joining us as well as your question. Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any follow-up and if we didnt get to your question within the time period, Im available on, so please just give me a call. Thank you.
Operator: The conference call is now concluded. We thank you all for attending todays presentation. At this time you may disconnect your lines. Thank you again everyone.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to todays Hartford Second Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Susan Spivak. Maam you may begin the conference.
Susan Spivak: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast to discuss second quarter 2019 earnings. We reported our results yesterday afternoon and posted all the earnings-related materials, including the 10-Q on our website. Please note that we reported results a bit later than usual due to the financial reporting integration related to the closing of the Navigators acquisition in May.Before we begin todays presentation, I want to highlight a couple of upcoming days. First, Beth Costello will be participating in a fireside chat on September 9, at the Barclays Conference in New York City. Second, the tentative date for our third quarter earnings release is November 4. For todays call, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, well have a Q&A period.Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different.We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on the call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings.Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement.Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year.I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning and thank you for joining the call this morning. The Hartford second quarter financial results were strong with excellent Group Benefits margins and solid P&C margins, including lower catastrophe losses than last year. We closed the acquisition of navigators in May, which brings expanded market and growth opportunities in commercials lines. We remained highly confident of the strategic and financial benefits this acquisition will produce.Second quarter core earnings rose 18% over prior year to $485 million or $1.33 per diluted share. Our businesses are performing well. The P&C underlying combined ratio was 92.6 in the quarter and the group benefits core earnings margin was 7.5%. The consolidated 12-month core earnings ROE was at 11.7%, well in excess of our cost of equity and among the best in the industry.During the quarter, we began share repurchases under the $1 billion authorization and expect to continue to return excess capital to shareholders in 2019 and 2020 from share repurchases and quarterly dividends helping drive long-term shareholder value creation. Doug and Beth will cover segment results in more detail, but I wanted to touch briefly on a few high-level items.Commercial lines underwriting results, which included navigators for just five weeks remained solid. I'm going to investments and technology, digital in product are driving enhanced capabilities and growth. The cost of these investments put slight pressure on the expense ratio, which is expected to continue for the near-term. Year-to-date, the underlying combined ratio for commercial lines is 92.9, a result in a competitive market.Personal lines results were much better than last year with a lower current accident year loss ratio, including reduced catastrophe losses. Planned marketing and other initiatives continued increasing the expense ratio, but also driving a 49% increase in new business. Group Benefits earnings continue to be simply outstanding with a year-to-date loss ratio of 74.7%, almost 2 points better than last year, along with a slightly lower expense ratio.Persistency and new business levels are solid and include continued growth in voluntary product sales. We recently appointed Jonathan Bennett, a talented and versatile Hartford leader, head of group benefits, following the announced retirement of Mike Concannon.Mike has been with The Hartford for more than two decades with a long list of accomplishments and contributions, and we wish him well. Jonathan and I will be working closely to ensure a smooth transition in a continued track record of success in group benefits. Finally, higher equity capital markets helped Hartford's funds recover from the earnings impact of the fourth quarter decrease in assets under management.Turning to navigators, this quarter results include charges related to the acquisition for: One, the purchase of the previously announced adverse loss development cover; and second, increase in loss reserves from the completion of our review for the 2018 in prior accident years and the 2019 loss picks. With the reserve review completed, we are fully focused on achieving the strategic and financial benefits of this acquisition.Only two-and-a-half months after closing, a significant amount of progress has been made on multiple initiatives, and I am pleased with the continued positive feedback from agents and brokers about the combined potential of our business. We expect a smooth integration and remain confident of the future benefits we will realize from expanded product in underwriting capabilities.In addition, we expect to generate good returns on this investment reaching approximately $200 million in core earnings, excluding the amortization of intangibles within the next 4 years to 5 years. Were also encouraged by the recent firming in Commercial Lines pricing, particularly in Global Specialty, which is better than anticipated when we first announced the acquisition.Doug will discuss the market in more detail, but I would note that loss trends in certain lines needed increased pricings to achieve acceptable returns and in-part informed our judgments on the acquired reserves, and the 2019 accident year loss picks. The team is focused on capturing the benefit of improving pricing, terms and conditions, particularly in international where results in recent years have been poor.In addition to the trends in Global Specialty, we are also seeing stronger pricing in growth opportunities in middle and large commercial. I am pleased to see that previous investments in expanded industry verticals are generating strong new business growth.To conclude on the quarter and year-to-date, our performance is strong, commercial lines has momentum, and the navigators integration is going well. The outlook for commercial lines in the second half of 2019, which includes navigators remains largely consistent with our view provided earlier this year.We expect an underlined combined ratio of 92 to 94. This outlook is essentially flat with last year, including the impact of navigators, which has a slightly higher combined ratio than The Hartford Commercial Lines book. In total, we are well positioned to achieve or exceed the business metric outlook we provided in February and to sustain a strong consolidated ROE.Before turning the call over to Doug, I wanted to note that we recently published our 2018 sustainability report, which provides the summary of our commitment to environmental stewardship, communities and giving, diversity and inclusion, and ethics and governance. As a company in business for more than 200 years, we understand what it takes to be sustainable and how the companys actions align with our mission to underwrite human achievement.We are proud of The Hartfords track record and are committed to achieving the specific goals summarized in our report. You could find that report along with other information on our sustainability programs on our website.Now, Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. This was a strong quarter for our business units and as Chris noted, strategically significant as we closed our acquisition of Navigators. Our Hartford Property and Casualty business units performed very well with strong execution on the top and bottom line, and group benefits posted another quarter of outstanding earnings.Underlying performance in the former Navigators business units, which excludes prior period development and catastrophe losses was in-line with our expectations as weve positioned these lines for profitable growth and a rapidly improving specialty marketplace were underwriting is tightening and pricing is firming.In the second quarter, we booked prior accident year reserve adjustments for Navigators in several lines of business and also reset the 2019 accident year loss selections. Beth will be discussing these actions in greater detail. Our integration is off to a strong start. Weve hit the ground running with teams working together in the market, and across all parts of our enterprise to align strategy, resources, and outcomes.Over the summer months, were conducting nearly 400 agent and broker meetings to rollout our combined product capabilities. Talent and expertise were primary drivers of the deal and were very excited to have over 800 new teammates join our ranks. The market leadership and underwriting skill these experienced professionals bring to the combined organization is already evident.Efforts began immediately to jointly market our expanded product portfolio as were now able to effectively deliver a broader range of coverage solutions to agents, brokers, and customers. Im very encouraged by several recent wins and the positive reaction of the agents and brokers to writing more lines of business per account with us. Our teamwork is evident to the marketplace and Im confident we will continue to find more opportunities for growth.Ill provide more commentary on Navigators performance and current marketplace transit in a moment, but let me begin the review of our business results with Group Benefits, which delivered another outstanding quarter posting core earnings of 115 million with a margin of 7.5%. The increase versus prior year was driven by favorable disability results, higher net investment income and lower amortization of intangibles. This was partially offset by a slightly higher life loss ratio, increased investments in technology and customer experience, and higher commissions.The lower disability loss ratio reflects favorable incident trends across recent accident years. Shifting over to personal lines, we had a solid quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 91. In first lines auto, the underlying combined ratio of 96.7 was two-tenths of a point higher than 2018 with favorable frequency trends and a severity in the low-to-mid single-digit range.Collision severity remains elevated, due to higher repair costs associated with newer vehicles and a larger mix of total losses. Overall, loss cost trends are developing within our expectations. We remain focused on returning to growth in AARP Direct to auto, our lead product for marketing and new customer acquisition. New business in this line grew 44% for the quarter.Direct marketing response rates continue to be strong and our conversion ratio was up versus prior year. Over the last few years, AARP auto retention has improved several percentage points. We remain focused on further increases to retention as a key factor in achieving total written premium growth.Turning over to Commercial Lines, the second quarter underlying combined ratio was 93.2, up 3.2 points versus 2018. The increase was primarily due to elevated inland marine loss experience in Middle Market, higher expenses and the addition of navigator results for five weeks post-closing.For the quarter, renewal written pricing in standard commercial lines was 2.2%, up slightly from first quarter of the year. Pricing excluding workers compensation was 5.5%, up several tenths of a point versus first quarter, driven primarily by increases in middle market. Pricing in auto was nearly double digits, and we saw solid increases in property and general liability.Margins in workers compensation were strong across our business units and consistent with our expectations. Results to date indicate they were managing market forces effectively and I remain pleased with our workers compensation pricing and underwriting strategy as we seek to balance margins and growth.Let me touch on a few additional details for our commercial businesses. Small commercial had another excellent quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 87.8. Written premium grew 6%, with a 183 million of new business and excellent retention in the high-80s. New business was led by the foremost renewal rights deal.In addition, we also experienced excellent growth from our core book, with new business up 10% versus prior year. New business flow from the foremost deal is essentially complete at this point. This is a great opportunity for us to scale our market leading platform and to extend our partnership with many of our existing agents. We also developed a number of new agency relationships that have been growing steadily over the last year. Our team executed flawlessly on this transaction and were well prepared for similar opportunities in the future.In Middle & Large Commercial, the underlying combined ratio was 100.9, increasing 3.8 points versus last year. We experienced another quarter with a number of large losses in the Hartford inland marine book, specifically builders risk. Approximately 3 points of this increase is attributable to large water intrusion claims that occurred near project completion. Several of these losses resulted from less experienced workers on the job in this tight labor market. Weve taken actions to address this part of our business and expect performance to improve.The expense ratio was also slightly higher driven primarily commissions. Written premium in Middle & Large Commercial increased 15%. Retentions were solid and new business production was outstanding at $177 million for middle market, up 31% versus prior year. New business growth continues to be fueled by our industry practice groups in areas such as construction, programs, and energy. Were also seeing strong growth in our other core industries, including manufacturing, technology, and professional services.Our strategy of underwriting specialization is helping to drive this growth and increase our focus on pricing and margin improvement. In Global Specialty, comprised of U.S. international and reinsurance business units, the underlying combined ratio was 90.7. Given the navigator results are only included for five weeks of the second quarter, Ill focus my commentary on current business performance and marketplace trends.Overall the specialty markets are in positive transition. Industry financial results support the need for pricing and underwriting actions as prior years have been developing unfavorably in several lines. Our Global Specialty team has experienced progressively firming market conditions each month during the quarter. Real pricing for Navigators business block was in the high-single digits for the quarter, up more than 5 points from the first quarter and also from prior year.Lines of business with particularly strong pricing include marine cargo, excess casualty, D&O and property. This is an important time for our teams to be focused on business fundamentals and now that the deal is closed, our number one priority is improving margin performance.Let me now turn to the individual business units of Global Specialty. In the U.S., we recorded prior year development largely in the ocean marine, primary casualty and D&O books, with only a modest adjustment to the current year loss ratios and casualty. Underlying performance year-to-date has been solid with strong returns in management and professional liability lines and bond.Given the market momentum I just described, our trends is for  our outlook is for favorable renewed pricing trends, exceeding expected loss trends. The international business, primarily comprised of Lloyds syndicate and London market portfolio has been under financial stress due to its historical growth focus.Weve increased our prior and current action year loss ratio picks in financial and casualty lines and are fundamentally repositioning portions of this book through underwriting and nonrenewable actions. The rapidly firming market will provide a tailwind as we execute our business plans for needed margin improvement.In Global Reinsurance, our business is mainly comprised of accident health, property, global credit, Latin American surety, and other casualty lines. During 2019, underwriting results have been challenged in the accident and health resulting in prior year reserve development and an increase to the current year loss ratio. This is largely a medical stoploss business, and we're aggressively tightening our underwriting and increasing pricing, while non-renewing accounts that do not meet our financial thresholds.As we look ahead with Global Specialty, Im more convinced than ever that our expanded talent and product capabilities are powerful addition to our Commercial Lines platform. Vince Tizzio, our Global Specialty leader along with a very experienced team comprised of both Navigators and Hartford teammates are driving business plans with great acumen and energy.As we work together every day, and now with the full engagement of our agents and brokers, I see our strategy unfolding in the market, positioning us for further success as a Commercial Lines leader.Based on our year-to-date results, our outlook for Commercial Lines in the second half of 2019 is for a combined ratio between 95 and 97 with an underlying combined ratio between 92 and 94. Total commercial lines earned premium for the six months is expected to be approximately 4.4 billion.In closing, this quarter represents an exciting milestone in our journey. Our integration with Navigators is in full swing. Were operating as a combined organization bringing broad capabilities and deep underwriting expertise to the market and we continue to see new opportunities to leverage these skills in all parts of our commercial lines business. This important step forward along with the strength of our group benefits and Personal Line businesses positions the Hartford for continued success. We look forward to updating you on our progress in the quarters ahead.Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Doug. Today, I'm going to cover second quarter results for the investment portfolio, Hartford Funds and Corporate, including capital management activities, as well as the impact of the Navigators acquisition. The investment portfolio continues to perform very well with no impairments, strong LP returns, and generally stable investment yields. Net investments income was 488 million for the quarter, up 60 million or 14% from the prior year quarter. Excluding Navigators, net investment income was 476 million or 11% higher than the prior year quarter.Limited partnership returns were strong in all asset classes with an annualized return of 14% for both the quarter and year-to-date. This compares to an annualized yield of 9.5% in the second quarter 2018. The annualized portfolio yield was 4.2% before tax and 3.4% after-tax, slightly above second quarter 2018. Excluding LP, the second quarter 2019 annualized portfolio yield was 3.1% after-tax, flat with second quarter 2018.Lower market interest rates and tighter credit spreads increased net unrealized gains on fixed maturities after tax to a total of 1.4 billion at June 30 from about 700 million at March 31 and almost no net unrealized gain at year-end 2018. As a reminder, unrealized gains on equity securities are classified and realized capital gains in the income statement and are not included in AOCI. Total realized and unrealized gains on equity securities were 30 million before tax in the quarter and 162 million before tax year-to-date.Turning to Hartford Funds, core earnings of 38 million were flat with last year and up 10 million sequentially. Daily average AUM rose 5% from first quarter 2019, reflecting strong market performance, partially offset by modest net outflows and was up about 1% over second quarter 2018. Investment performance remains very strong.As of June 30, 2019, about 70% of Hartford Funds outperformed peers on a one, three, and five-year basis. Corporate core losses of 35 million were 54% lower than second quarter 2018, principally due to higher investment income and lower interest expense, due to net debt reduction over the last year. As a reminder, the three main drivers of corporate results are investment income on cash and short-term investments, interest expense and preferred dividends, and net income from our investment in Talcott.Taking into consideration the reduction in average cash and short-term investments, due to the 2.1 billion purchase price for Navigators, as well as interest expense and timing of preferred dividends, I would expect the quarterly run rate in corporate to be a loss of 55 million to 65 million after-tax before consideration of net income from the Talcott investment. The impact of our proportionate share of Talcott's net income is harder to predict and was 22 million after-tax in the first-quarter and 2 million after-tax this quarter.During the quarter, we began share repurchases under the $1 billion authorization. Since its inception and through the end of July, we have repurchased about 800,000 shares for $43 million. As previously discussed, we expect to use this program with discretion, based on current and projected holding company cash position and liquidity needs, and expect to utilize the majority of the program in 2020.In total, second quarter core earnings of 485 million and core earnings per diluted share of $1.33 were both up 18% over second quarter 2018. Excluding AOCI, book value per diluted share was $41.55, up 5% year-to-date and 9% since June 30, 2018. Core earnings ROE over the last 12 months, which includes fourth quarter 2018s wildfire catastrophe losses was 11.7%. Our year-to-date annualized core earnings ROE is 13.4%.The closing of The Navigators acquisition on May 23 impacted our results in several areas. I will briefly review these and additional details are included on Pages 6 and 7 of the slides. Core earnings had a modest net contribution from Navigators as their closing occurred more than halfway through the quarter. Net income included several acquisition-related charges.First, in the quarter, we recorded transaction and integration-related costs of 31 million before tax of which 21 million was related to Navigators. We expect to incur additional charges through 2021 for a total of 90 million to 100 million before tax of which 15 million relates to integration activity. Second, upon closing, we entered into the previously announced adverse development cover and reported a charge of 72 million after-tax. Finally, we made two adjustments to Navigators reserves after closing.We increased the pre-acquisition 2019 accident year reserve by 29 million before tax. We also increased our estimate of prior year loss reserve by 159 million of which 91 million was ceded to the ADC, resulting in a net charge net charge of 68 million before tax. After these actions, there remains 209 million of coverage under the ADC for development for 2018 and prior accident year reserves.Overall, the reserve actions we have taken incorporate our methodologies and judgement. Going forward, Navigators reserves will be part of our normal quarterly reserve review process.To summarize, second quarter results were very strong. We are hard at work on the integration of Navigators and focused on maximizing the potential of all of our businesses with our combined teams and enhanced product and underwriting capabilities. With strong capital generation and financial flexibility, we are pleased to be able to both invest in our businesses and return capital to shareholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress.I'll now turn the call over to Susan, so we can begin the Q&A session.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Carmen, could you please repeat the instructions for asking a question.
Operator: And you first question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Hello, can you hear me?
Operator: Yes. We can hear you.
Brian Meredith: Okay, great. So, first question for you all. Chris, just curious, could you kind of walk through from The Navigators perspective, now that youve got it integrated  or integrated  on your books, how does your kind of accretion forecast look  low end, high end, kind of what are your expectations for it?
Chris Swift: Sure. Thanks for joining us Brian. As we said, both Doug and I invest in our prepared comments. I mean, were confident about both the financial and strategic aspects here. I think on the longer-term basis, well still see the ability to generate 200 million of core earnings ex-amortization of intangibles over the next 4 to 5 years. I think there is support levers that remain the same that weve talked about. Whats going to contribute to that? One would be expenses, two would be NII, three would be  and you heard from Doug that actions that were beginning to take on the in-force management to improve the margins on the existing book, and then fourth, a contributor but not a large one, you know the cross-sell revenue.So, I would say those are the components. The waiting might be a little different Brian then we first thought 6 months to 9 months ago, particularly with lower interest rates, but I would say that we didnt expect this level of pricing firming as rapidly as it has been. So, weve taken the adjustments, so we think we needed to particularly on the 19, accident year loss picks, which is generally in-line with our pricing models and our deal models, maybe slightly little higher, but equally I think there is more rate environment, more rate to capture.So, we see all those pieces fitting together to generate that $200 million of core earnings and you remain really, really confident and pleased with how the teams have been interacting and behaving particularly in the marketplace.
Brian Meredith: Excellent. And then another question, just curious, could you talk a little bit about your thoughts and exposure to the reviver statutes and kind of what we're seeing with whats going on all these states?
Chris Swift: Sure. I guess there is one other point I would just mention as it relates to the integration activities. I mean, we did guide on our prior call to 110 million to 145 million of core earnings in 2020 Brian. I would say thats still a valid range, but I would anchor a little bit more on the lower-end, particularly given the interest rate environments, we thought we were going to get a little quicker left with interest rates, even after marking the balance sheet to market.So, we still see [110-ish million] in 2020 as far as an accretion potential. As it relates to reviver statutes and activities, I would say, first, weve got a long history of managing and dealing with Ill call it complex claims in area, particularly bodily injury, mass tort  and Jan Kinney, who heads our team and his lawyers and claims professionals, I think do an outstanding job. Whether its on a primary basis or excess basis, remember we have a lot of excess claims experienced, particularly coming through our first interstate state operations in Boston.So, I would then say on a social side, I understand the desire to make people, allow people to talk about their injuries and present claims, but on the other, and its a slippery slope to sort of open up years of case law and litigation and how contracts are resolved, but I know thats occurring, but I would also say that for us you would primarily focus in on three major areas. The liability associated with injuries, particularly in commercial auto, obviously the sexual abuse and reviver claims, and then head injury.I'm not going into specifics on any particular aspect other than were well aware, weve been on top of these trends for a long, long time and as Ive always said Brian, were in the business of paying claims, and we want to pay claims that are legitimate and where people are injured, but equally in some of these areas we're going to be sensitive and thats a plight word of saying, if there was a contributory actions or inactions that have consequences on our terms and conditions and our policies, well be equally vigilant in asserting our rights because the rest of our policyholders would expect that.And thats where the social inflation comes into effect that everyone is talking about. It affects everyone and well be thoughtful, we want to be fair, but also make sure that people are living up to the terms and conditions in our contract. So, thats what I would say at this point-in-time.
Brian Meredith: Okay. It makes it, but if you re-evaluated your reserve positions given whats been going on?
Chris Swift: As I tried to say, I mean, weve been managing these types of activities for a long, long time. I would say that we have case reserves and IBNR established for known losses and obviously incurred, but not reported losses. Were going to have to really see sort of the volume of the new activities that really comment. So, as we sit here today, we feel really good about the balance sheet, but not knowing whats going to come out as in the future from new claims, new activities, new theories, you can never be absolute, but just know we do have provisions that we feel comfortable at right now.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse, your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me?
Susan Spivak: Yes, we can hear you.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. My first question on the disclosure within commercial lines on the standard commercial earned premium rate, so that was 2.2% in the quarter, it trended down sequentially and then when you look back last year, I know you guys are getting more written price right now, but I'm just trying to think about the earned premium that you're seeing and expectations for a rate that you are earning to the balance of this year, and also into 2020, as I think about the underlying margin profile for small commercial and mid-to-large account segments, and just thinking of the rate versus trend and kind of the underlying margin expansion you might see or contraction there?
Doug Elliot: Elyse good morning. Its Doug. I would suggest that the earned trend is going to follow some of this momentum on the revenue side. So, obviously its a calculation and as we see slightly upward signals in those pricing indicators, the earned premium will follow at that, number one. Number two, we gave you a comp, ex-comp split, right?So, you know that weve got a little bit of negative pressure on pricing, particularly in small commercial that will pay out and the mechanics of that are lost trend at the moment might be slightly ahead of, where the small commercial pricing is, but in middle weve done a nice job of achieving flat to just slightly down pricing in comp and so very pleased with what we're seeing in metal.In the non-comp lines, you know, were feeling better than we were 90 days ago about signals in the marketplace, and our ability to get a little bit of rate. I know that the changes are not up materially, but they matter to us in several key lines. Theyre moving in the right direction. So, were on the rate push hard, were working harder account by account and Im encouraged by what I see as we close up the second quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you. And my second question, on the Navigators book, so you guys took a true-up on prior year and then also on the current year, so on the current year adjusted, Im assuming the adjustments were really saturated kind of in the same lines where you took the prior year development and then, can you also just give us a sense of where the underlying margin youre starting with for that business given that you now trued it up versus your expectations when you announced the deal?
Beth Costello: Sure. Ill start with that and Doug please feel free to add in. So, the lines that we adjusted for the current year, you know, some were consistent, again in the U.S. wholesale casualty area and a little bit in the D&O and E&O of book and as Doug mentioned, kind of in the international casualty area, and when we looked at the  our projections back at the time of the acquisition, we had anticipated needing to increase those accident year picks a bit. I would say, the final adjustments that we made were probably a point or point-and-half higher than that, but relatively speaking, were in-line with what we were thinking.So, a lot of the things that Doug talked about as it relates to the book and actions that were taking and pricing will obviously help improve those margins going forward. And our views on their underlying margins were included in the overall guidance that we gave for the second half of 2019, and again their book we would expect to run at our higher combined ratio then our historical Hartford book.
Doug Elliot: The only thing I would ask Beth is that, some of that Navigator combined ratio dynamic is playing into the fact that our new outlook is just slightly up a point or so on the underlying. So, the mixing end of that Navigators book and actually your encounter  your 2019 is causing a little bit of that bump.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Yes, thank you very much for taking my question. Obviously, theres a reserve strengthening on the, I guess, I don't know, is it the 1Q Navigators or is the first five months just as a better understanding?
Beth Costello: So, Josh are you talking about the current accident year?
Josh Shanker: Yes. 2019.
Beth Costello: Yes. So, it would be for the first five months.
Josh Shanker: First five months. Okay.
Beth Costello: Yes. Through the date of acquisition.
Josh Shanker: This then implies an increase to The Navigators combined ratio about 500 basis points in addition to whats going on in the rate market right now. When you think about modelling or the next year, how much attritional policy and premium decline do you expect as you put through the necessary rates to get to a Hartford level of conservatism in the book?
Doug Elliot: Josh, this is Doug. I would say, its a little premature for us to take you all the way down through that path. We are building those plans. We had original plans, obviously, weve been updating over the course of the last two quarters, but there are so many moving pieces and as you know, as Chris commented on, several of their core lines are going through an aggressive degree of firming at the moment. So, we are making decisions and plans around what we see in the current marketplace, around retentions, required retentions, pricing and also new business levels that we think are appropriate for not only the combined ratio as it sits here today, but also what we think the opportunity is in that book moving ahead. So, well provide more of that as we go forward in the next several quarters.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And I guess its another easy one. Was there any prior year reserve development on The Navigators loss reserves not applicable to the NICO cover, and how should we consider the risks associated with that non-NICO covered part of the portfolio?
Beth Costello: Good question. So, as it relates to the actions that we took in the second quarter for prior years, all of it was applicable to the cover. Ill remind you that it was probably about $100 million of reserves that we excluded from the cover versus primarily covering things like unallocated loss adjustment expenses. We are obviously taking the exposure on reinsurance collectability and then a handful of specific claims that were not covered. So, as it related to the actions we took, we saw no need to make any increases to those of reserves that were not covered by the reinsurance agreement.
Chris Swift: Josh, its Chris. Welcome. Thanks for joining the call after your Rolling Stones concert last night. Second, I would just add a little color again. The allocated  on allocated loss adjustment expense in the reinsurance, its similar to other transactions weve done with Nico and the handful of claims that Ive described, I would say relates to pollution exposures that we judged favorably. So, I don't think there is going to be any big surprises that are going to materially change any view on reserve positions and/or the reinsurance transaction in total.
Josh Shanker: Okay, thank you. I appreciate the answers, Ill re-queue, maybe will get lucky. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, good morning, thanks for taking my question. First question, thanks for the color on the expense ratio increase, curious about, I believe you said some of it is due to upwards pressure and brokerage commissions. I think you also mentioned that on last quarters call, maybe you can help us understand as like how big of a component that is and whats kind of driving that? Is that being driven by some of the private equity backed brokers or is it all of them kind of doing the same thing?
Doug Elliot: Mike, this is Doug. Its more run rate commission. And so, when I think about quarter-to-quarter point, one point, two points have changed in the expense area, but half of that is coming from commission, much of that is coming from small commercial where we either have special deals happening. Weve got terrific profitability indicators. So, our contingencies around loss are up a little bit year-to-year and I would just characterize what we see in small as normal, competitive commission adjustments.What we see in the middle, more related to reinsurance, I dont even think of that in the case of normal brokerage, its just we have some seated commissions and reinsurance a little bit different than they were last year. So, thats why I described the commission piece as really normal operating circumstances.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, thats helpful. And lastly, switching to group benefits, clearly excellent results continue, doesnt look like you guys changed your guidance there, maybe you can kind of update us on the competitive environments in group?
Chris Swift: Mike, let me just speak to guidance and Doug can give you some of his color on the competitive environment. The six to seven guidance on margin, we still believe is a long-term guidance that is reflective of long-term condition. Obviously, in the near term here, weve been outperforming, which we would honestly expect to continue at least through the second half of 2019. So, were not changing, not updating, but were acknowledged that were performing better primarily from incidences, but I would remind you that it is still a competitive environment Doug and the top ten group benefit players control large portion of the market, but competition is still fierce as ever and were remaining disciplined. I dont know, if you would add any color Doug?
Doug Elliot: No, I agree with that. I think were competing well in this space. The numbers are pretty good shape across the industry. Our numbers are obviously outstanding. Second quarter is not as larger quarter as the first quarter, but our sales were up a bit in the first quarter. We feel good about that, continue to grow our Specialty products, our voluntary products, so you see that in our supplement. Just were encouraged. And Chris, our disability trends are in good shape, so a strong quarter for our group business.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Just one question. You did mention many changes to reinsurance related to The Navigators acquisition, I was wondering if that might change significantly over time given the Navigators was a pretty heavy user of reinsurance over time?
Doug Elliot: Paul in the short-term, I would suggest that reinsurance programs are largely going to stay in place. Our teams are working diligently on a combined basis evaluating what programs need to come together over time, what programs will be left stand on it, etc. So, as I think about the rest of 2019 and the early part 2020, largely think of their programs intact and then well adjust over time and share some of that information as it comes.
Paul Newsome: As you now re-examined the book, are there any pieces of Navigators that you want to shrink or readdress significantly?
Chris Swift: Paul, again we just closed, what, 75 days ago, really excited, weve been focused on, obviously our go to market activities in the U.S. and in London taking the corrective actions that Doug has talked about. We like all the pieces that we see, but we just are going to, lets continue to learn, thats why we're keeping the reinsurance programs the same and to learn from The Navigators team and adjust accordingly, and I would say the same thing with any major pieces of the business. It all fits together. It works, we like it, but weve only owned it for 75 days.
Paul Newsome: Thanks. And best of luck for the rest of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much. Good morning everybody. My first question, I guess this is a multi-part question now, with regards to the large property losses that you're seeing in commercial, so one, are those related to the large losses you saw in the first quarter that were part of the same trend? Two, could you maybe elaborate a little bit on the actions youve taken? And three when do you expect these actions to actually result in lower margins?
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Yaron. This is Doug. So, a few comments about our rain book. We did see some adverse experience in the first quarter, which I did comment on first quarter call, a bit more in the second quarter. Again, second quarter leaned a little bit heavier into builders risk, you know its a policy we offer associated with construction sites were essentially we replace the damaged property on the site. I think theres quite a bit of volatility in the second quarter. We have pulled the covers back across all those losses. I mentioned water intrusion in my commentary, seen a number of pipes couplings, connections, damaged material values in some of our construction sites.So, were on it. We changed the leadership in the underwriting profile that business about 15 months ago. That process is well underway. These projects run several years. We know exactly where inventory is today. Yes, I don't think this is over at the end of June, but I do think this is well managed, well contained, both claim engineering, and also our underwriting teams are working together.And this little volatility and a pretty small line first in the middle. Well have little volatility, but it isnt something right now thats keeping me up. I think, the line is not just putting pressure here at the Hartford. I think there are others in the business that are feeling that pressure, but as I think about the rest of 2019 and 2020, well get this issue behind us. I don't think its a huge deal and well share a little bit about that journey as we go forward.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you. Thats helpful. And then my second question relates to the personal auto book. I think youre seeing that youre seeing severity in the low to mid-single digits, which just seems a little lower than what weve been hearing or seeing among other carriers. Can we maybe talk about what would drive severity to be a bit lower at The Hartford book? Is it a different mix of cars, is it different policy type, different negotiated arrangements with auto shops or whats driving that?
Doug Elliot: I think its really hard for me to compare ourselves to others. Theres so many different nuances of various books. When I talked about severity, I am combining all elements of severity, right. Our collision is up a little bit, our liability, severity is in very good shape, and obviously our frequency numbers are in a very strong shape for the first six months of the year. So, I don't know how to contrast our book with others, you know it is heavily ERP dominated that plus 50 crowd, that matters relative to drive miles, driven, parts of the year et cetera, but I don't think theres something that sticks out to me right now thats saying, our severity is causing something that others might not be seeing.
Yaron Kinar: Doug, you were cut out. I think, I only heard the last sentence of your response.
Doug Elliot: I don't think there is one reason. Can you hear me Yaron?
Yaron Kinar: Yes.
Doug Elliot: I don't think there is any one reason that suggest our book will perform differently than others. We manage aggressively, all of the comp liability and physical damage collision matters for our customers and I think we do a very adequate job. We work with terrific partner on the outside and have dedicated confident team inside. So, I think, we're thoughtful about our work claim process, and I don't have a reason to suggest our numbers or understand why theyre different than others.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Randy Binnner with B. Riley FBR.
Randy Binnner: Hi, good morning, thanks. I actually had  I think a couple related to commercial auto. The first is a question on the in-land marine losses that are disclosed as being elevated, could you describe what those are and Im just curious if they are related to wheels-based loss or something else?
Doug Elliot: The builders risk essentially would be equipment materials on the job side. So, I don't think auto there. I think water intrusion causing damage to all kinds of equipment in sheetrock on the walls et cetera. There were earlier in the year a couple of marine losses in transit. When you think in-transit marine that would have involved vehicles, so yes, it was a little commercial auto pressure there, but primarily second quarter, Im talking about intrusion of water in a four-wall structure.
Randy Binnner: Okay, got you. And then, just on the commercial auto, overall, it has not been a topic thats come up on this call, but it is still a major issue for the group, and so, Im curious kind of where you think pricing versus loss cost is there and kind of where The Hartford sits in the process of the industry getting on top of those liabilities?
Doug Elliot: I guess, Id start by suggesting the make-up of our book is largely small commercial where the middle market fleet as well, and now Navigators brings especially auto component to us. In terms of our core book, weve been managing aggressively auto for six, seven years now. Our exposures are down materially over the last five years, you know plus 30% [indiscernible] change in auto. Still not satisfied with our great adequacies today, our combined ratios are still not acceptable across both small and middle, and so theres still more work to be done.Given where we see pricing today, yes, I think that pricing from our view and our middle and small books is on top of the loss trend, which means were now delivering better margins, but we're very careful  with a very careful eye watching 2016, 2017, 2018, some of those years that are closing up and this line has our full attention and will over the next several quarters for sure.
Randy Binnner: Is it a growth opportunity then, if you have your pricing right relative to loss trend are you seeing a lot more opportunity to rate business?
Doug Elliot: Well there is a lot of business in the marketplace. It is on the top of our growth priority. Were certainly not a major mono line provider and I'm talking about historical Hartford at the moment. We certainly look at it when we're rounding of accounts and we want to protect our accounts. So, no its not on the top of our queue list to be facing mono line auto.With our specialty auto deviation now with Navigators, I think a good opportunity theyve got terrific instincts, theyve got great data and theyll be thoughtful about their opportunities, but I would ask you to think about the different pieces of our book, and all told, were not an enormous auto player relative to the industry in general.
Chris Swift: I think thats the big distinction Doug, right. We're not big fleet players. I mean, we tend to ensure trucks, vehicles on the small-to-medium size business. Were not national programs. Its not, just given the environment, Randy its not a growth area as Doug said.
Randy Binnner: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Hi, thanks, good morning. This might have already been pretty clearly confirmed, but just I guess for my own head, so the new 92 to 94 guide wouldn't be any different if it werent just the addition of The Navigators mix, and you feel just as good about Navigators as you get at the time of the deal, is that right?
Doug Elliot: Thats right. With the exception, we have built in a little bit of this pressure on builder risk, both what we experienced first half has set our view. So, weve treated our loss ratios in the marine area in the second half of the year. Largely, all the other lines remain on track.
Beth Costello: Yes. And I will just add to that Ryan, just to be clear. So, absent navigators, we probably would be a point down relative to what our original thought was for, first for second half of the year.
Ryan Tunis: Understood.
Beth Costello: So, obviously, Navigators coming in at a higher loss ratio, combined ratio is kind of in the mix, but we put it altogether. We feel very good about being able to be in that range.
Ryan Tunis: Got you.
Doug Elliot: Ryan, I would remind you, you know the compare on that, you have to almost go back to 2018 and think about what happened in Qs 3 and 4. We were doing some adjusting to the workers comp line still in Q3 of last year. I think thats something that just has to factor in here.
Ryan Tunis: Got you. And I think I wanted to go back to Elyses question, Beth did a good job talking about the accident year actions, and how would those compare to the original expectations at the time of the deal, but Im still having a little bit of a hard time with, I think theres like a $150 million of growth charges that Hartford took and there have also been some charges that Navigators had taken in the quarter since the deal. The acquisition was announced. So, yes, I mean on the reserving side, we just said all the activity that we have seen has also been around the level that you would have expected the time you announced the deal or could you just highlight some areas where things ended up being a little bit more elevated?
Beth Costello: Yes, so, if you go all the way back to the time, we announced the deal, I would say that the  our views relative to reserve increases have increased from there. We obviously took that into consideration when we started to look at purchasing an adverse development cover. I would say that the actions that we took are relatively consistent with what we would have thought at the time that we entered int to the ADC, so we sort of incorporated those views when we look to purchase protection.And as I said in my remarks feel very good about the fact that there remained $209 million under that cover, and I would say the areas that were seeing the increases are relatively consistent, and just, again some of the size of those increases has changed, and we incorporated all of that as we thought about our 2019 accident picks, both what we felt needed to be adjusted from what Navigators had recorded pre-acquisition, as well as incorporating those views into our updated guidance for the second half of this year.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Susan Spivak: Operator, well take one more question please.
Operator: Yes maam. Your final question will come from the line of Mike Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Mike Phillips: Hi, great. Thanks for [indiscernible]. Appreciate it. I guess, Doug made some comments on the reserve issues in some of the smaller lines for Personal liability and the [indiscernible] liability, I guess, I was looking to see maybe a little more detail in kind of what exactly you are seeing there, you know how confident you are, that you got things fixed and maybe some pressures going forward in those specific lines in Professional liability?
Doug Elliot: Mike, I would say that, if you go back and think about some of the pressure spots and Navigators towards the end of last year and early this year, obviously there has been some pressure in the international book. Some of that marine book internationally and also the D&O book, and they were addressing some of their own and essentially as we looked at the tail factors and we looked at those cases, we just decided that we needed to makes some adjustments.So, thats how I think about several of those lines. In the U.S., our view of tail and torque came together with their actuaries and we spent a lot of time debating and looking at things. So, I dont look at what we did over the last quarter. These changes as anything very, very different than our discussions last summer, but they were updated back based on facts and debates as we came together and close to second quarter.
Mike Phillips: Okay, thanks. I guess one more on Personal [indiscernible] turned back to that. You commented that the premium drop in Personal Lines was kind of part of it was your non-renewal business and I guess maybe when do you expect kind of an inflection on that piece of the personal lines?
Doug Elliot: Well, our goal is to be turning into growth as we close out 2019 and move into 2020. Were encouraged because as you can see, our new business numbers look much more positive than they were this point last year. Again, were working on retention. The rate change, you know the book has had a pretty solid profit perspective. So, I think the rate change probably wont move a lot over the next 6 to 9 months. But we think the new business will grow and if we get a lift in retentions, well see those positive numbers move approaching end of year 2019.
Mike Phillips: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: And that does conclude our question and answer portion of todays call. I will now turn the call back over to Susan Spivak for any closing remarks.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, operator. In conclusion, we just appreciate all of you joining us this morning and we apologize for the technical difficulties and the sound interference during Beths note. Please note that there will be a transcript available and were happy to talk after this call to clarify anything that wasnt clear during our prepared remarks. Thank you, and look forward to next quarter.
Operator: Thank you again for joining todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We reported first quarter 2019 yesterday afternoon and posted all the earnings related materials including the 10-Q on our website. For those of you joining us live we appreciate your finding time for us on such a busy morning for earnings calls. Please note that we reported results a bit later than usual and expectation of having closed the Navigators acquisition by now. We also expect that post acquisition our earnings releases will be about a week later than on previous schedule as we complete all the financial reporting integration work which we will launch after closing. As per our usual practice we will announce our second quarter earnings release date in early July. Before introducing the speakers I wanted to draw your attention to two recent 8K filings. First, yesterday morning, Navigators filed an 8K announcing that the outside date for the acquisition has been automatically extended from May 01, to July 01, in accordance with the terms of our merger agreement which permit an extension for the regulatory approval process. The only approval we have yet to receive is from the New York Department of Financial Services and as noted in the 8-K they have been provided with all of the requested materials and information. There will be a public filing via 8-K when we receive that approval and the acquisition will close five business days after that. We would note that as a result of SEC filing requirements, even if we were to close the acquisition before May 10, Navigators will still be required to file a Form 10-Q for the first quarter financial results. Second, this morning we announced that Stephen McGill has resigned from our Board effective today as a result of the announcement that he, along with other experienced executives have launched a new insurance brokerage firm, McGill and partners. Mr. McGill's resignation does not arise from any disagreement on any matter relating to the company's strategy, operations, policies or practices. We appreciate and thank him for his service on our board. For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara Costello, the Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period. Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Yesterday we reported first quarter core earnings of $507 million up 10% over first quarter 2018. Core earnings were $1.39 per diluted share. First quarter results were strong and all the Hartford's businesses performed well making meaningful contributions to financial results and progress toward the achievement of our strategic goals. Our core earnings ROE which is calculated on a trailing 12-month basis was 11.5%, a very strong result considering the significant level of catastrophe losses in 2018. Our annualized core earnings ROE was 13.9% for the quarter. Book value excluding AOCI rose 11% over last year to $40.79 per diluted share for total shareholder value creation of 14% including dividends. I am pleased by the growth momentum building in our segments. Commercial lines written premiums rose 5% over the prior year despite Workers' Compensation pricing headwinds. Personal lines and Group Benefits both had strong sales in the quarter and the Hartford Funds net flows were positive. Doug and Beth will cover segment results in more detail, but I wanted to highlight a few data points that illustrate the earnings power and financial strength of our franchise. Commercial lines underlying combined ratio was 92.7 in the quarter, clearly among the best in the market, while up from the prior year, it was consistent with our expectations, although loss severity in property Marine was higher than average. The expense ratio increased also consistent with our expectations due to planned investments to make us an easier company to do business with including our multiyear strategic initiatives focused on driving long-term efficiency and enhanced capabilities such as a rebuilt agency portal which enables more digital interfaces with our distribution partners. With personal lines margins much improved after recent pricing and underwriting actions, our key objective is to return to topline growth through a combination of sales and enhanced retention focused on AARP members. Our AARP partnership now in its 35th year is the cornerstone of our personal lines business. I am very pleased with the sales this quarter which were up 57% resulting from expanded marketing efforts over the last year and a half. Margins also improved. The accident year loss ratio before Cats dropped 3.3 points improving for both auto and home although substantially offset by the impact of planned marketing initiatives on the expense ratio. Group Benefits continues to deliver strong results in 18 months after closing the acquisition operational performance is proceeding extremely well. Core earnings were up 44% to $122 million which included the impact of favorable disability trends. The acquisition related integration activities remain on track and we have exceeded expense and sales targets by a good margin with persistency in line with expectations. Hartford Funds had a solid quarter. Core earnings were down from prior year because of the impact of overall market performance in the fourth quarter but were in line with our expectations. Other operational metrics were quite favorable with positive net flows and continued excellent investment performance relative to peers. Another area of significant focus this quarter was the pending acquisition of Navigators. The go to market leadership structure was announced earlier this year and the teams are well prepared to hit the ground running when the deal closes. We continue to hear very positive feedback from agents and brokers and look forward to introducing the combined teams and expanded product offerings to our top distribution partners at our annual summit meeting later this month. We are very excited about the potential of bringing the two organizations together. Near-term we are focused on achieving a timely and effective alignment of the underwriting teams which will strengthen the commercial lines' presence. In addition, we are confident that we will achieve our long-term financial objectives through a combination of improved underwriting margins, higher investment returns, higher revenue growth, and expense savings. Hartford's overall strategy is straightforward and unchanged. First, we remain focused on achieving the full potential of our product abilities and underwriting expertise with a particular focus on the integration of the acquisitions. Second, we continue to invest for the future to become an easier company to do business with including in investments in technology, data, analytics and digital capabilities that improve the experience we deliver to distribution partners and customers. Third, long-term success depends on the continued ability to attract, retain, and develop top talent. We have top decile employee engagement scores which recognize our commitment to providing attractive career opportunities in a diverse and inclusive workplace and we are proud to be recognized for our ethical culture that's recognized by [indiscernible] for the 11th time. Our financial goals to drive long-term shareholder value creation are also unchanged. First, to profitably grow our businesses while generating strong returns well in excess of our cost of equity capital. Second, to deploy excess capital acreatively in our businesses or through capital management actions, and finally to grow book value and dividends per common share over time. How we achieve these goals is also important. Every day we support our policyholders, agents, employees and communities by protecting their incomes, families and businesses in making sustainable and positive contributions to society including support of organizations like Junior Achievement, the Boys and Girls Club, the City of Hartford and our support of programs to address drug addiction. To conclude, first quarter results were strong with all business segments performing well. Our balance sheet and capital generation remain robust. I am very pleased with the first quarter results, both financially and operationally and look forward to building on our achievements during the remainder of 2019 and beyond. Now I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. This was a solid quarter for Property and Casualty and Group Benefits. Our financial results were led by outstanding earnings in Group Benefits primarily driven by favorable trends in disability. The combined core earnings of P&C and Group Benefits were above our expectations and in line with last year, as each of our business units continued to execute effectively. Let me get right into our business results. Commercial Lines first quarter combined ratio was 96.1 increasing 2.8 points versus 2018. The underlying combined ratio which excludes catastrophes and prior-year development was 92.7 increasing 2.3 points from 2018. The deterioration was primarily due to compression in Workers' Compensation margins and higher expenses, both as expected. We also experienced higher non-catastrophe property losses which can fluctuate from quarter to quarter. For the quarter where no written pricing in standard commercial lines was 1.7% consistent with fourth-quarter 2018; however, March pricing excluding Workers' Comp showed an encouraging improvement over January and February. Commercial auto pricing continues to lead the way with nearly double-digit gains. Property and General Liability are in the low to mid single-digit range. Workers' Compensation remains competitive and margin pressure continues as the NCCI and other state bureaus submit negative loss costs filings. Our Workers' Compensation margins remain healthy and give us a strong foundation for competing in the marketplace. The uptick in frequency we observed early last year had begun to flatten by the fourth quarter with another 90 days of data trends continue to look favorable and we are confident in our 2018 and 2019 accident year loss ratio selections. Let me sure a few more details on our commercial businesses beginning with small commercial which had another very strong quarter posting an underlying combined ratio of 89.1. Written premium grew 4% with $185 million of new business and strong retention. As we continue to successfully convert business from the foremost renewal rights deal. Middle market had a difficult property quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 96.7 increasing 4.5 points from first quarter 2018. This is mainly due to adverse volatility and non-catastrophe property lines including inland marine which experienced several fires on large construction projects. We also had margin compression in Workers' Compensation as expected. Expenses increased driven by commissions and increased investment in technology and operations partially offset by reductions in taxes licenses and fees. Written premium increased 7% based on solid retentions and new business production of $143 million, in addition to strong performance across all lines of business in our core book we continue to see favorable contributions from our teams in energy and marine. In specialty commercial, the underlying combined ratio of 96.2 improved 1.3 points driven by reductions in taxes, licenses, and fees, partially offset by higher underwriting expenses. Strong written premium growth of 10% was primarily driven by bond and financial products. Shifting over to personal lines, we're pleased with our performance producing an underlying combined ratio of 89.1 improving 7/10 of a point from a year ago. In first lines auto the underlying combined ratio was 93.6, six times of employment better than 2018. Loss cost trends remain within our expectations with continued negative frequencies and severity in the low to mid single digit range. New business for AARP direct to auto grew 57% for the quarter. Our higher marketing spend is delivering the expected increases in responses. Our conversion ratio has also improved driven by more competitive pricing and continuous enhancements to the sales experience. Given our improved rate adequacy, projected retentions and cost per conversion, we are pleased with the profit profile of this business. Our product, process, and pricing adjustments will continue throughout 2019 and I expect further progress in our conversion rate and new business growth. Shifting over to Group Benefits, core earnings for the first quarter was $122 million with a margin of 8%, a terrific quarter. The increase versus prior year was driven by favorable disability results, lower amortization of intangibles and reductions in taxes, licenses, and fees, offset by slightly elevated mortality in our life book of business. The lower disability loss ratio reflects favorable incidence and recovery trends across recent accident years consistent with our experience over the last several quarters. Persistency on our combined employer group block of business was steady at approximately 90%. Fully insured ongoing sales were $407 million. Overall it was another strong sales quarter across market segments and product lines with continued momentum in our voluntary product offerings. The acquisition of Aetna's Group life and disability businesses well entered the second year and we remain focused on completing all phases of the integration. Conversion of middle market and large case customers to our market-leading ability advantage claims platform has commenced and will continue into 2020. In closing, this was another solid quarter with Group Benefits continuing to deliver excellent results in the property and casually in line with our expectations for the year. We are looking forward to closing on the Navigators deal and being able to put our integration plans into action. We have been preparing to hit the ground running on day one as a combined organization with broad capabilities and deep underwriting expertise. Our combined commercial insurance solutions will be focused primarily in three areas. First, our world-class small commercial business will continue to deliver market leading products and services to the small business market and will benefit from the specialized capabilities of Navigators, particularly in the professional liability product area. Second, our middle and large commercial business will have expanded capabilities primarily adding liability products such as environmental life science and umbrella to our existing package and Workers' Compensation capabilities. And third, our global specialty business will have the breadth, expertise and scale to compete in the wholesale surety financial products and marine markets. Also our reinsurance and international capabilities will add to this product array. I know that I speak for my teammates when I say we are very excited about our future. We look forward to updating you on our progress in the quarters ahead. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. I'm going to cover results for the investment portfolio, Hartford Funds and corporate, and provide an update on balance sheet items and holding company resources. The investment portfolio continues to perform very well with low impairments, strong LP returns, and generally stable investment yields. Net investment income was $470 million for the quarter up 4% from the prior year quarter and impairments were $2 million before tax. Limited partnerships generated a 13% annualized return for the quarter, about double our outlook assumption but down from 19% in first quarter 2018. Real Estate Funds posted very strong performance up significantly from first quarter 2018, but relatively consistent with the fourth quarter. Private equity investment returns were also strong, but down from exceptionally high returns in the first quarter of last year. The annualized portfolio yield was 4.1% before tax and 3.4% after-tax down slightly from first quarter 2018 due to the lower returns on LPs. Excluding LPs the first quarter 2019 annualized portfolio yield was 3.7% before tax, flat with the prior year and up slightly to 3.1% on an after-tax basis. Lower interest rates in the quarter impacted net unrealized gains on fixed maturities which rose significantly from year-end to $703 million after-tax. Strong equity market performance also generated unrealized gains of $126 million after-tax which are included in net income. Turning to Hartford Funds, core earnings of $28 million were down from $34 million last year primarily due to lower investment fee revenue as a result of lower average AUM. Although AUM was up 2% from the prior year and first quarter market performance was very strong, daily average AUM was down 4% from the prior year first quarter due to the impact of the year-end market levels. Other quarterly performance metrics were favorable with net positive flows of $874 million and very good investment performance. As of March 31st, 70% of Hartford Funds have outperformed peers on a five-year basis. Corporate core loss of $15 million improved by $51 million from first quarter 2018. Corporate has been more volatile the last few quarters, so we have provided a table in the slides that breaks down the key components of corporate results. The principal driver of the improvement this quarter was $22 million of net income from Hopmeadow Holdings, a holding company that purchased our former Talcott subsidiary, compared to $6 million in fourth quarter 2018 and zero in the first quarter 2018. Due to fourth quarter capital markets decline, Talcott had fairly large unrealized gains on hedges resulting in significantly higher net income all of which is included in core earnings. A second impact in corporate is net investment income earned on cash and short-term investments which are at high level due to funds held at the holding company for the Navigators purchase. Upon closing of the acquisition, holding company resources will decrease about $2.2 billion which will reduce net investment income from the first quarter run rate. Finally, interest in preferred dividends were $56 million after-tax down from $63 million in first quarter 2018 reflecting both the net reduction in debt and the issuance of preferred stock over the past 12 months. As a reminder, interest expense will increase slightly after closing due to Navigators senior notes which had $15 million of annual interest expense. In total first quarter core earnings were $1.39 per diluted share up 9% from first quarter 2018 due to higher core earnings from Group Benefits and better corporate results. Turning to the balance sheet, book value per diluted share of $38.36 grew 9% from December 31 due to net income and increases in net unrealized gains on fixed maturities. Our net income ROE was 13.5% which is based on a 12-month trailing net income and therefore includes the impact of the high catastrophe losses in the second half of 2018. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI was $40.79 up 4% and the core earnings ROE was 11.5% which also uses 12-month trailing earnings. Our debt leverage ratios improved this quarter with a debt to capital ratio excluding AOCI of 21.9% at March 31, down about 6 points from a year ago due to net debt reduction and growth in stock-holders equity. Our rating agency debt to total capital ratio of 25.7% was at the high-end of our targeted range. After the Navigators acquisition these ratios will increase slightly due to the assumed debt, but we expect to be back in line with our targeted range by mid-2020 due to the combination of repayment of $500 million of senior notes in March 2020 and increases in stockholder equity from earnings over the period. At March 31, holding company resources totaled $2.9 billion. At closing holding company resources will decreased by $2.2 billion for the purchase price and related expenses with the remaining balance of approximately $700 million roughly in line with our liquidity target of 12 months forward interest and dividends. Futures subsidiary dividends and tax receipts will provide the funds for our share repurchase plan which we expect to begin in the second quarter. We plan to use the $1 billion repurchase authorization with discretion and continue to expect that the majority of the program will be used in 2020. Before closing I wanted to update you on the Navigators acquisition. The regulatory approval process is nearing completion and we are expecting final approval soon. As announced yesterday upon closing we will enter into an adverse development cover with National Indemnity which will provide greater certainty about the impact of the Hartford from any potential loss development on Navigators reserves. We will pay approximately $91 million for $300 million of coverage and an attachment point that is $100 million above Navigators' December 31, 2018 carried reserves subject to the cover. The premium for the cover will be recognized upon closing in net income but not in core earnings. After closing we will update and complete our review of Navigators' reserves consistent with our indication in August that we would make adjustments to reflect our views. We intend to complete this in-depth review within 30 to 45 days of closing as we want to review the most current information on exposures and claims. As a reminder, beginning in the second quarter, the lines of business in commercial lines will change, which primarily impacts middle market and specialty commercial. The three businesses in commercial lines will be small commercial, middle and large commercial and global specialty. We will provide historical restatements of our operating metrics for these businesses. To summarize, with all of our businesses performing well, we have a strong start to the year. Our goals remain consistent to maintain and improve where possible strong margins and topline growth and to achieve a timely and effective combination of our commercial lines of business with Navigators. I'll now turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Amy, can you please repeat the instructions for asking the question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse, your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the adverse development cover that you guys had announced last night with Navigators. Beth, in your remarks you said that you guys have been due to the in-depth review of the reserves which you've told us about before, after the transaction closes, so I'm just trying to get a sense of how you guys came up with $300 million as being the right level for the cover that you bought with Berkshire?
Chris Swift: Elyse, it's Chris. Let me just start and then I will ask Beth to add her additional color. So I think we've been pretty consistent since we announced the transaction that we always plan to apply our views and methodologies and practices to establishing a conclusion regarding ultimate losses that needed to be carried on Navigators balance sheet that was known and part of our transaction. So, ultimately as we got into it, we decided that we wanted greater certainty regarding the outcome on their loss development and obviously negotiated a deal with [indiscernible] that I think accomplishes that call. So, that philosophically was the approach and how we came up with it. But Beth, would you add anything additional?
Beth Bombara: No I think that summarizes it very nicely. As Chris indicated, this was an area that we have been focused on and thought it appropriate to look into the market to see what type of protection might be available and as we look at the terms that were provided in our discussions we found them to be attractive and put the protection in place which again we believe just provides greater certainty on what the impact could be to the Hartford.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks. And then my second question on, within commercial is it possible you guys said in the prepared remarks that we got better outside of comp in March, do you have an outlook as we can think about and I know it's broad-based depending upon mine, just what price you might see within commercial for the balance of the year and what you are really seeing in loss trend kind of away from comp? And then also if you could just quantify the level of non-cash property and marine losses in the quarter, that would be great? Thank you.
Doug Elliot: Elyse, good morning. Let me take the individual pieces and do my best with them. Again I would remind you the segments we play in as a core here at the Hartford rights our book is largely middle and small commercial where we probably won't see all of the amplitude that I think some of the specialty markets are feeling, but we are encouraged by what we saw toward the end of the first quarter on a noncompliance moving up into the mid single digit range as I commented on it depends upon line we still see some firming in auto for sure, but we're encouraged by what we're seeing in property and GL [ph], particularly Cat exposed property, wind areas, and other parts of the country. So, I expect that momentum to continue. Do I think it's going to be 15 or 20 someday? No I think that's outside the boundaries of where we compete, but I do think we'll see continued momentum because as you know particularly in the property side we've had rather disappointing initial results and we need to address that issue both with product and pricing. So that's how I think we're going to march quarter-by-quarter and we'll look at our book and we'll think about our risks and do a risk by risk pricing evaluation. Relative to loss trend, I would say that 90 days and or 120 days and thereabout where we thought they would be for 2019, Workers' Comp has settled in nicely, so we're pleased about what we see in frequency, the severity around medical and wages about where we expected to be, property and liability similar and auto is something that we're still working hard at improving our book. We're not at all satisfied with our book performance. So, very few surprises on the exposure front from my perspective. Beth, do you want to add anything over the top?
Beth Bombara: Yes, I mean we did obviously call out in middle market that we did have some elevated non-Cat property losses and that definitely had more of an impact on the middle market combined ratios. When you kind of pull that through the total commercial lines it is probably about a point of what we saw sort of in the year-over-year compare. So I think that provides I think the question that you had on sort of what we were seeing in there.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with B. Riley FBR. Randy, your line is open.
Ryan Aceto: Hi everyone, this is actually Ryan Aceto on for Randy this morning. I wanted to turn to Group Benefits last two quarters have had pretty strong margins. Is that something we could expect going forward or are we going to be coming back toward your guidance toward the end of the year?
Beth Bombara: Yes, so we're very pleased with the performance that we saw in Group Benefits this quarter and as you point out the previous quarter and it really continues to be driven by favorable incidence levels on inner disability block. And when we think about it from over the long term, we do see ourselves being in the range that we provided at the beginning of the year, but obviously with these trends we're probably trending a little bit higher from the core earnings margin in the range that we provided and we'll continue to watch incidence levels as you know they're very tied to economic activity and we'll continue to make adjustments as we go through the year. But overall we're very pleased with how that book is performing and we also saw improvements in our recovery rates as well.
Ryan Aceto: Great, and then I didnt see your  I'm sorry if I missed on the call, did you touch on the tax payment that was supposed to be coming through the door, I guess first quarter or may be pushed to second with timing of payments?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So I think you may be referring to refund on AMT, which will come through when our tax return is finalized, but with this review by the IRS, we did file our tax return already, so we'll await to receive those receipts and the timing is somewhat dependent on the IRS process, so we did not get a receipt in the first quarter.
Ryan Aceto: And you still expect 600 to 700?
Beth Bombara: So again, the $600 million to $700 million is not just AMT, that's our anticipation over the course of the year. I'll remind you that we also will have tax receipts coming to the holding company as we utilize our NOLs, so our operating subsidiaries will basically pay the holding company for use of those NOLs. And we do those tax settlements with our operating subsidiaries throughout the year, beginning in the second quarter. But yes, overall for the year, we're still anticipating net proceeds of the holding company of about $600 million to $700 million.
Ryan Aceto: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian, your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. A couple of quick questions here for you. Just back on the Group Benefits discussion, I'm just curious, are you seeing any impact on pricing as a result of the favorable disability results you are coming through?
Doug Elliot: Brian, I would suggest that it's a fairly competitive marketplace. It's been competitive, but clearly the disability results across the industry, including our own are in very good shape. So I think there's a bit of enhanced competition, nothing outside the norm now.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then Doug, my second question is, I'm just curious, your thoughts on kind of what the market conditions are looking like right now for Navigators. You obviously know the businesses, it's there and what's going through, - do you expect you are seeing the same type of kind of pricing that we're hearing from other people out of Lloyd, et cetera and is Navigators today, maybe a little bit better than you would have thought when you actually made the acquisition or announced it?
Chris Swift: Yes, Brian, it's Chris. Obviously, we haven't closed yet, so we can't speak for Navigators and what they're going to report in the first quarter. But I would say generally between Doug and myself and in all the discussions with their team that we've had over the last three, four months numerous visits to London to see firsthand some of their Lloyd's operations, I'm pretty encouraged. I think and again the deal still makes a tremendous amount of strategic sense for us and the quality of team that I am seeing there the underwriters their knowledge of the market and quite honestly the tailwinds that are really beginning to develop in certain aspects of the market, particularly where they play and domestically and in Lloyd's - is very encouraging to me and probably long overdue. But Doug, what would you add?
Doug Elliot: I think the timing is terrific for us launching. Chris and I just got back from Boston. We spent a couple of days with some of our leading distributor partners and also some of our key risks and again relative to my comments, although we're seeing some upward movement in the core middle and small lines. I think the need in some of the specialty areas is a little more advanced and I expect that we're going to see that in the marketplace over the coming quarters. So I think a good time for us to come together, excited about the expertise that now will become part of The Hartford upon completion of the deal and Brian, I think you have a good start here.
Brian Meredith: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Josh, your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yes, thank you. So in terms of Navigators, we know they took probably back to $50 million to $60 million of after-tax reserves after you close the deal and you're signing the ADC with Berkshire right now and if you need the ADC that's some material deterioration in the loss reserves. Can we talk about ROI when you did this deal what you think the return is, has the return materially deteriorated? So you've looked under the wheel here, you haven't closed it yet, but has your perspective changed a little bit, has anything deteriorated from your initial perspective when you did the deal?
Chris Swift: Josh, it's Chris. I would add just a couple points maybe to help you. Obviously the $70 per share price that we negotiated was negotiated price, obviously a willing buyer and a willing seller. As I said, just in the prior commentary, we still feel very good about the strategic and financial components of this transaction. So nothing fundamentally has changed. But clearly, we paid a full price for property that we're excited to own and integrate and keep its own special identity going forward as a global specialty operation, but we probably paid a price once we see their first quarter results in a book value range of 1.9, at the end of the day. But as I said in my prepared remarks, the metrics and the components of earnings that $200 million in that four to five-year period of time, remain very valid improvements in underwriting results, contributions of net investment income, cross-sell, revenue generation and expense savings. So, I feel all those points and the $200 million run rate is very achievable in that four to five-year time period and actually I think there's more improvement opportunity beyond that. That said, yes, our IRRs on the deal given what we've learned since then have probably come down a little bit, maybe a half a point and a point range. So I'm not terribly concerned about what that means for the long term. But yes, it's probably a little at the low end of our expectations as far as an IRR.
Josh Shanker: Okay, I appreciate the answers. And then maybe a question for Beth on Talcott, obviously the hedges work in your favor in 4Q '18 which came through in as income in 1Q '19, I guess that's going to give back some in 2Q '19. Can you can you walk through the math we should be considering on that line item in the corporate and what we should consider as a run rate sort of income generation from the Talcott share?
Beth Bombara: Sure, yes and as I'm sure you can appreciate, that's a little difficult to answer, because obviously the share that we pick up is going to have an inherent in its some volatility because of the hedging gains and to your point hedging losses when markets recover. I would say as we think about for the impact of their first quarter and what that could be in our second quarter, I would expect it to be pretty flat 0 to $3 million kind of range, definitely not at a level that we saw this quarter. And unfortunately it is just going to kind of bounce around a bit, because of that. So I think you should expect to see some noise in that line item. And I think the other line items within corporate are pretty straightforward, which is why we provided this slide that kind of summarize those, being interest income, which again will come down once we complete the purchase of Navigators and then obviously the interest in preferred dividend line.
Brian Meredith: Okay, thanks for the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Paul, your line is open.
Paul Newsome: Good morning and thanks for the call everyone. The - yesterday Progressive put in their shareholder letter that they are seeing a more competitive personalized market. I was wondering if you could give us a few comments on what you're seeing from a market perspective in Personal Lines and if you're seeing kind of the same thing?
Doug Elliot: Paul, I would suggest that the last few years have been competitive in the Personal Line space. So I'm not sure I could contrast the last 90 days or last 180 with the prior 3 or 4, 5 years. I think the better companies are investing and are more competitive in the street or how they reach customers and so that's just the marketplace we face into every day. Obviously we are leaning into our capabilities and feeling good that we've made some progress across both the sales front and the product front, but more work to be done and understand this terrific competitors we see in the marketplace each and every day.
Paul Newsome: And my second question, I was wondering if you have you any updated thoughts on the expense ratio I guess ticked up a little bit with some investments that you've made in whether or not that is something that would eventually get kicked back down to that the 30 range, that it was at one point, kind of timeline, maybe, but nothing specific?
Chris Swift: Paul it's Chris. I guess, as I said in my prepared remarks, we've been very deliberate and conscious really over the last 6, 7 years since the team has been together to think about the needed investments in our internal infrastructure, technology, data analytics, claim systems and we've been on a multi-year journey that we're continuing. And I would say, yes, maybe they've spiked up a little bit here, but we've, we've been pretty disciplined and I'm really pleased with our approach of generating expense savings, over the years, expense cuts, rationalizing certain aspects of our infrastructure to invest in the new more modern technology and digital capabilities. So in the long-term trend, we still believe in to invest, have greater efficiency, a better customer experience and from any one quarter and comp basis, it could bounce around a little bit, but Beth or Doug, I still very, very committed on the path that we're on, because it's the right one for the long term.
Beth Bombara: Yes, I agree with that and when we look at the expense ratio and primarily focusing on the commercial lines, we definitely saw an increase there is kind of what we see in this quarter, around that is probably where it will be for the remainder of the year and we feel very strongly and are committed to the agenda that we're on relative to the improvements that we're making in our core operations and our capabilities that we think are critical to continue to compete at the level that we compete at.
Doug Elliot: I would add maybe three thoughts. One is data science has become a fundamental key initiative here in terms of looking and working with external data, working more aggressively with our internal data and thinking about how that will help us compete and be thoughtful about markets we intend to move into. And so, yes, we have clearly extended our reach and are investing more dollars in data science. But I believe there will be a long-term pay that will be more than equal to what we're spending now. So there is a bit of short-term pain for what I think will be long-term gain. Secondly, which ties into the earlier question around NAV, we have spent a lot of money and continue to invest in new products over the last 5 years, and that started with Group Benefits through the voluntary suite and now has extended into things like energy, our construction verticals, et cetera. That progress in some of those cases now gets accelerated with Navigators. So as Chris talks about expenses, the fact that we are standing up and environmental practice and standing up a life science practice now we put that on a much different speed dial. And I think they'll be cost saves there, but we have spent a lot, because we feel like that full product suite was absolutely necessary to be the player that we intend to be and needed to be in the middle market space, that's point two. And then thirdly, there is some slight upward pressure on commissions, both to defend our space in the small commercial area and also to reach into specialized practices that now, we're building products for. So we're aware of it. I think we've been thoughtful about how we pick our spots to compete long term, but I share those 3 areas as complementary to what Chris and Beth shared relative to expenses.
Paul Newsome: Thank you for the questions and congrats on the quarter.
Doug Elliot: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Tom, your line is open.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Just a question on the ADC deal as it relates to the way we should be interpreting this, do you think it's fair to say that if I just look at little over $2 billion acquisition price and I add the premium you're paying for the ADC plus the $100 million, up to the attachment, add an extra couple of hundred million to the purchase price, is that a fair way to think about the IRR on the transaction? So maybe it's 10% worse than you originally thought and the question then becomes, did you have 10% conservatism in your assumptions, when you priced it, can you, is that a fair way to think about this or would you make any adjustments to that?
Chris Swift: Tom, it's Chris. I understand your path and your points, your math and your concepts. So I wouldn't add anything to it other than how fast the run rate to get to $200 million might change sort of the future earnings power I think is enhanced since we announced the deal. So, but as far as the basis, the investments in sort of the Navigators deal I would agree with your concepts.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks. And then just a followup for Doug on Group Benefits, you said retention is about in line with your expectations, and I'm looking at a couple of things going on there, flattish year-over-year earned premium and sales team down about 10% year-over-year. So just curious how has the underlying persistence you've been trending on the block, is the sales success about in line with what you expected? And then also, one other thing I noticed there. The other sales were quite strong. I think, up over 30%. I'm assuming that maybe that's Voluntary Benefits. Can you comment on what's happening there? Thanks.
Doug Elliot: Yes. So just to nail that and then I'll come back around, certainly that's where our voluntary products are and we feel good about progress, not just last year and the prior, but certainly start of 2019. A couple of comments about sales, I would remind you that we had a new product, the New York Paid Family Leave Act that initiated 01/01/2018, so that was about a $50 plus million program. When you adjust for that our run rate is more reflective of my comments, which we feel pretty good about the start to 2019. So I think you need to make that adjustment. It was a one-time change with the law in New York. When I think about retention, we did build in some shock to our anticipated one, two, three-year scenarios around the Aetna deal. And so, when I think about what is playing out Chris, and I view experienced to be basically largely in line with what we expected. So, not what I would say a normalized run rate, but with little bit of shock for the first couple of years. Through that we feel pretty good about the accounts we're retaining. I feel pretty good about the setup. As you know, we're already working on the backside of 2019, so I don't think there are any major surprises that fall out of line.
Chris Swift: Tom, it's Chris. As I said in my prepared remarks, from an operational side, whether it be retention, whether it be sales, whether it be expenses, all meeting or exceeding our expectations and something maybe we don't talk about too often Doug is, I think the Ability Advantage, the claims system that we inherited plus the modifications that we made and our claims expertise embedded in our organization is another key differentiator long term that we feel terrific about.
Doug Elliot: I mean, Tom, you know and you understand that book. So a good chunk of that book 70% plus the Aetna book was national accounts and therefore you can have lumpy progress as you move through time, you lose one account and you need to be accounted for that. So I look back and I think our 2018 retention was really solid and I'm pretty pleased about the way we started '19 and looking forward to the rest of the year and then next year. Very excited about what we're building and how fast we brought to market a brand new claims platform and we will now compete with that going forward.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners. Gary, your line is open.
Gary Ransom: Yes, good morning. I have a question on the pressure you've been talking about in Workers' Comp and whether we could drill down a little bit. Are there places where you're seeing a lot more pressure, maybe in states or small versus middle and I just wanted to get a little more color on the differences you might be seeing in that line?
Chris Swift: Gary, good morning. Let me make a few comments and you can direct the path forward. First comment I'd make relative to the quarter is that -- as we move through 2018, we did adjust our middle market Workers' Compensation pick. So this quarter was a little bit of a difficult compare comparing first quarter '19 to a 2018 first quarter that did not have the recorded actions that happened through the rest of the year. So I'll just start with that when you think about the all-in numbers we posted. Secondly, I've commented in the past that we have a bit more discretion in the middle market through the underwriting process where accounts have more experienced per account, they are larger size, et cetera, and therefore underwriters used to stay filings, but also have some ability to adjust based on underwriting views, engineering Workers' Compensation, safety habits, et cetera, et cetera. So, I would say to you that in the small commercial world, there is a bit less flexibility and where we see pricing more driven by market conditions, there will be a little bit more pressure on margin and in the middle we are able to do a better job at looking at looking at accounts one by one and making appropriate judgments as we move forward on the margin.
Gary Ransom: Yes, just to get in on the small commercial side where you say you have less flexibility, I mean is there, if you look at the individual account level you had a new piece of business coming in and the pricing is maybe not quite where it needs to be to get the business, is can - is the facility there to quickly adjust price if you can to attract that customer?
Chris Swift: Well, you're really talking about a class by class process and now you're inside the wheels of I think what makes us so effective in the marketplace. So, yes, in certain areas territories and classes have we changed the referral process, absolutely. And even inside of classes there are micro classes that we spend more time with probably have a bit different appetite and this is all on a state and regional basis. So you're now inside the granular nature of what we do day in day out inside small. I just gave you a little bit of a 50,000 feet view that says across small commercial it's a bit more of a spot rated product, given the fact that we're seeing prices go negative we're very focused on where and how that is happening and making sure that we're doing everything we can to preserve the margins we've got and to protect our future.
Gary Ransom: All right, thank you very much. I just had one other little question. The $90 million of premium you're paying for the ADC is that, how is that going to be treated in terms of core versus non-core earnings?
Beth Costello: Yes, so the premium that we'll pay will be in non-core, so it will not be in core earnings, but obviously will be in net income on an after-tax basis of course.
Gary Ransom: All right, thank you very much.
Chris Swift: Thanks Gary.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Meyer, your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. Two really quick questions, one, the ADC premium is that going to come out of P&C or is that a corporate expenditure? In other words is it going to reflect underwriting results?
Beth Costello: So it will not be reflected in underwriting results, again, similar to how we treated the ADC cover that we bought for A&E exposures a few years ago.
Meyer Shields: Okay, and then this is a little nitpicky, but you've had a few consecutive quarters of adverse development in General Liability and I was hoping you could talk through what's going on there?
Chris Swift: Yes, I think it's pretty picky and I think it's small. We've had a couple of older product liability cases that we've added to. It's nothing that has my attention in the way of concern. So I feel pretty good about our balance sheet. I think we finished 2018 strong, we feel good about our position and first quarter 2019 and I think we march ahead.
Meyer Shields: Okay, thank you very much.
Beth Costello: Amy, in the interest of time I think we can take one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Your last question comes from the line of Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research. Amit, your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and thank you for fitting me in. Just very quickly, going back to Gary's question on Workers' Compensation, what exactly was that 2019 comp loss?
Chris Swift: Amit, just as Doug looks at is, no, I'm glad you asked the question because I just wanted to add a perspective that may or may not be helpful to you in that when we established our outlook/guidance for '19, clearly we were fully aware of the environment, particularly pricing, but also loss cost trends composed of frequency and severity in that and when we established the range of our outlook, I thought we were pretty clear and I know I've said and subsequent FT-friendly environments that we did expect some margin compression in Workers' Comp. So as we sit here today, there is nothing that surprised us in the first quarter and as we look at the next three quarters, there is nothing that we see that's going to surprise us or change our original views on guidance. The offset though, we said was that primarily Commercial, Auto, Property and GL we thought we could actually expand margins in this environment and as Doug just said, we're very encouraged and continue to be encouraged with the pricing environment to a lesser extent than the specialty world, but pricing and margins we feel knock wood for the rest of the year can expand and grow, so that in general we would be flattish to maybe slightly down on a year-over-year your margin comparison basis to 18. So that's the context, I think we judge the market very well, are managing appropriately in this environment. But Doug, I don't know if you have that number or if we really want to give it out at this point.
Doug Elliot: Well, I guess couple of parts, one is I think our total Workers' Compensation number does make a lot of sense. We are adding excess Workers' Comp from national accounts and with middle and small so, what's relevant to me is that on the quarter we had about a point of Workers' Comp margin pressure point in the quarter and as I commented before, part of that compare is the fact that in the first quarter of 2018 we didnt have the adjustments that we had made later in the year. So, as the year progresses we're going to watch carefully the gap and Chris that is largely in line with our expectations, so there is nothing that I'm talking about that Beth and I or the teams are surprised about. And what I think about our view of trend and our view of pricing, I think 2019 has started about the way we thought it was. So slight compression, not major and we will watch it every 90 days and share with you what we see in our book.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and may be just one very quick followup on Navigators and Navigators have a substantial E&S book in its U.S. operations and I was curious, there has been a lot of discussion right now how it's a tale of two markets where E&S pricing is substantially better than commercial, any thoughts on that Chris or Doug in terms of are you thinking about that piece differently or are you sort of positively surprised by how quickly that piece is turning?
Chris Swift: Yes, as I said before we havent closed, so it is unfair for us to comment on Navigators trends in the first quarter. We don't know them and obviously you will read about them once they publish their results or when we close first whatever happens. But general market conditions, as Doug said, he and I were at the RIMS Conference in Boston. We'd been to London numerous times and I would say, yes in that E&S wholesale specialty orientation it is a rapidly changing and dynamic environment, one where rates are rising very rapidly in certain lines. So that's the tailwind that we talked about that we feel good about and as we start our ownership of Navigators going forward.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to Sabra Purtill for closing remarks.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. We appreciate you all joining us today particularly on such a busy day for earnings. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any followup questions. Thank you and good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to The Hartford announces Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Financial Results as well as 2019 Outlook Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and happy Chinese New Year. Thank you for joining us today for our webcast to discuss the 2019 key business metric outlook, and fourth quarter and full-year 2018 financial results which were all released yesterday afternoon. The news release, investor financial supplement, and financial results presentation slides are available on our Web site as well. The 10-K will be filed by the end of February, 22. Our speakers today are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara Costello, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period. Just a few comments before Chris begins, today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement. No portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's Web site for one year. Finally, please note that Chris and Beth will be at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Insurance Conference on February 13, with a fireside chat at 10:00 AM. And in addition, John Wilcox, our Chief Strategy and Ventures Officer, will be on an innovations panel that starts at 11:45 AM that day. Both will be webcast. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. 2018 was another great year at The Hartford. We had numerous accomplishments including excellent financial results despite a second consecutive year of high catastrophe losses. Full-year 2018 net income was $1.8 billion, and core earnings were $1.6 billion or $4.33 per diluted share, up 58%. The core earnings ROE for the year was 11.6%, well in excess of our cost of capital. With the exception of catastrophe losses, business metrics were in line or better than our outlook. Group Benefits had an outstanding year, with better than expected disability experience and investment income. Commercial Lines delivered strong results, including superb small commercial underwriting performance, new business production, and retention. The Commercial Lines underlying combined underlying combined ratio improved about 50 basis points to 91.5, among the best in the industry. Personal Lines results were negatively impacted by two hurricanes and the largest U.S. wildfire loss in insurance industry history. However, the underlying Personal Lines combined ratio of 91.2 was in line with our outlook, and two points better than 2017. New business levels were up in Personal Lines this year, which was a key goal that aligns with our AARP objectives. This partnership, which is approaching 35 years, is truly unique and collaborative. We provide their membership with unique products and quality service, and we are working together to grow the book with a focus on AARP's younger cohort, ages 50 to 60. In addition to financial results, I am pleased with our effective and consistent operational execution in 2018. We continue to make investments in people, processes, and technology, enhancing service quality and speed. Our customers and distribution partners value the enhanced digital capabilities, broader product offerings, and an expanded risk appetite that we are bringing to them. Net promoter scores continue to climb, in claims quality ratings are strong. This year, we also made progress on our innovation agenda, including the launch of the small business innovation lab located in New York City, and the purchase of Y-Risk, a company specializing in the sharing in and demand economy. Finally, major strategic activities in 2018 included the sales of Talcott, substantial progress on the integration of Group Benefits, and the announcement of The Navigators acquisition. Related to the acquisition, yesterday, we announced the new operating model and organizational structure in the formation of a new global specialty business. This structure aligns with The Hartford's Commercial Lines businesses with The Navigators U.S. and global operations, and will optimize underwriting experience and distribution relationships. Integration planning is well underway, and the new teams will be out in the market quickly after closing. In addition to its strategic contributions, we expect it to generate an attractive financial return with incremental annual core earnings before amortization of intangibles of approximately $200 million within four to five years after closing. In 2019, we will build on our accomplishments and momentum. Doug will cover the outlook for key business metrics in more detail, but I have a few macro observations. Overall, we expect our businesses to perform well. U.S. economy remains in a relatively strong position compared to Europe and other parts of the world. That said we expect some slowdown in the U.S. economy. In addition, with Brexit still unresolved, volatile equity and bond markets, slowing global growth, and continued uncertainty about global trade and tariffs, previous tailwinds maybe become headwinds particularly for investment performance. In P&C, generally, we expect underwriting margins and earnings to remain strong in 2019. With lower catastrophe losses, we expect Personal Lines to improve and underlying margins to remain healthy. In Commercial Lines, we expect underlying margins to remain very attractive, but with some modest pressure on workers' comp. Finally, we expect the Group Benefits core earnings margin to remain very strong, although slightly down from 2018 due to lower projected limited partnership returns consistent with our long-term view. For 2019, our strategic priorities remain consistent and we will strive to maintain core earnings ROEs well above our cost of equity capital. Achieving this, along with growing book value excluding AOCI and dividends per common share will drive long-term shareholder value creation. Turning to operational goals, expanding product capabilities and risk appetite remain key pillars of our strategy. With the recent acquisitions, we will have what we need, and will be intensely focused on realizing the combined potential, including deepening distribution relationships and meeting a broader array of customer needs. In addition to product depth and breadth, our strategy also emphasizes customer focus and talent management, as well as building capabilities that make us an easier company to do business with. We take pride in our ability to attract and retain talent and having a diverse and inclusive workforce with a strong ethical culture. We are consistently recognized for leadership in these areas, including being designated the World's Most Ethical Company for the past 10 years by Ethisphere and a member of the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for the fourth consecutive year. Recently we were named a Best Employer for Women by Forbs in their first ranking on gender equality. Finally, we expect our organic capital generation to remain strong in 2019 and beyond, which will help fund the $1 billion share repurchase authorization we announced yesterday. Beth will discuss our approach in using the plan, but I want to emphasize that our capital management philosophy has not changed. We remain committed to a strong balance sheet, and will continue to balance investing in the businesses for profitable growth, with returning excess capital to shareholders that exceed business requirements. To conclude, 2018 was an excellent year, and I'm really pleased about our operating performance and execution mindset. We are working hard to maintain and expand the momentum of progress and look forward to sharing the results with you. Now, I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning everyone. 2018 was an excellent year for Property & Casualty and Group Benefits. Each of our business units delivered strong underlying financial performance, and operationally we continue to hit aggressive targets on our major initiatives. It was an outstanding year for Group Benefits. We're meeting or exceeding all milestones for the Aetna integration. Sales were very strong, and we delivered a year of record core earnings. In Commercial Lines, we continue to set the bar for superior customer service and underwriting performance among small businesses. Our middle market industry verticals are gaining traction, and with the acquisition of Navigators we are poised to deepen our relationships with customers and brokers with an expanded product suite and new underwriting expertise. In Personal Lines, our underwriting auto results were strong, and the business is better positioned for both auto and home new business growth in 2019. This is the second year in a row marked by severe wildfire losses and hurricane activity. Our claims team and our entire enterprise continue to respond with care and professionalism in the aftermath of these tragic events. However, the losses were significant to our fourth quarter results. We continue to evolve our catastrophe risk management strategies based on the loss events in recent years with increased focus on wildfire. This includes refinement of our loss models, exposure limits, underwriting guidelines and risk transfer arrangements. While we are generally pleased with how our overall book of business and risk management program performed given the cat events of 2018, we will continue to refine our wildfire and tornado, hail catastrophe underwriting approach. Let me pivot now to summarize our financial performance for 2018. And then I'll conclude with some thoughts about 2019. Beginning with Group Benefits, we posted core earnings for the year $427 million, up $193 million from 2017 with a core earnings margin of 7%. This outstanding performance relative to our outlook was due to favorable disability loss cost trends and limited partnership income. The Group Disability launch ratio for the year improved by 3.4 points due to the emergence of favorable incident trends on the most recent accident years, and to a lesser extent slightly higher pricing. The Group Life loss ratio remained solid, but was up 1.7 points versus prior year due mainly to a mix of larger accounts from the acquisition which carry a slightly higher loss ratio. Fully insured ongoing sales for 2018 were $704 million exceeding our expectations for the year and persistency on our employer group block of business was stable at approximately 90%. This was simply an outstanding result from our sales and underwriting teams. As I noted earlier, our integration plans are on track. Our 2019 results will include approximately $85 million of our $120 million expense savings target. We expect to achieve the additional expense savings as we complete conversion of business to our new systems. Conversion of middle market and large case customers to our newly launched ability advantage claims platform has commenced and will continue throughout 2019 and 2020. The reception of our new capabilities among customers, prospects and brokers has been overwhelming positive. In Personal Lines, results for 2018 swung to a core loss of $28 million including catastrophe losses of $546 million before tax or 16.1 points versus our 2018 outlook of 5.6 points. The full-year underlying combined ratio, which excludes catastrophes and prior year development, improved 1.8 points to 91.2 driven by better results in both home and auto. The Personal Lines auto underlying combined ratio improved 1.5 points to 98.2 for the full-year driven by earn rate increases and moderate loss cost trends, partially offset by higher expenses due to increased marketing efforts. Commercial Lines core earnings were approximately $1.2 billion for the year on a combined ratio of 92.6. This includes catastrophe losses of $275 million or 3.9 points versus our outlook of 2.6 points. The underlying combined ratio is 91.5 for the year, improving 0.5 point over 2017, driven by general liability and commercial auto. The underlying combined ratio for Standard Commercial Lines worker's compensation was generally in line with 2017, which was a very strong result given the competitive market and recent loss trends. Renewal Written Pricing and Standard Commercial Lines was 2.1% for the full-year, down 1.1 points from 2017, driven by worker's compensation. Fourth quarter 2018 renewal written pricing was down sequentially from third quarter driven largely by small commercial worker's compensation. Overall, I am very pleased with how effectively our team is balancing growth and profitability. We continue to be confident in our ability to manage worker's compensation loss cost trends despite the slight uptick in frequency we have noted in recent quarters. In the fourth quarter, we began to see those trends flatten. Accordingly, we made no changes this quarter to our worker's compensation loss fix for accident year 2018. This flattening suggests that 2018 may have been one-time step change as the economy adjusts to recent growth and record employment levels. Shifting to other business units, Small Commercial had another outstanding year. The underlying combined ratio was 87, improving 8/10th of a point from prior year. Retentions remained strong and new business increased to $637 million for the full-year, up 7%. Total written premium increased 1%. In middle market, we posted an underlying combined ratio of 96.1 for the year, essentially flat with 2017. The slight loss ratio increase was more than offset by a lower expense ratio and a decrease to policyholder dividends. Retentions remained solid and new business production of $553 million was up 14% versus prior year. Total written premium increased by 5%, achieving positive results from our investments in new industry verticals, and efforts to improve our underwriting process, which allows our underwriters to focus on building a strong new business pipeline while making appropriate risk decisions. In Specialty Commercial, the underlying combined ratio was 97.5, 3/10th of a point lower than 2017 driven by an improved expense ratio. Total written premium was up 2%. In national accounts, our underlying combined ratio improved by three points primarily due to a lower expense ratio. Bond delivered consistent underwriting results and 4% written premium growth. And in financial products, our middle market centric platform delivered strong written premium growth of 8%. Before I turn things over to Beth, I'd like to share a few thoughts about 2019. In Group Benefits, we remained focused on successfully converted customers to our newly deployed ability advantage claims system. This platform is a distinctive capability that puts us at the forefront in using data and analytics to better manage disability and workplace absence. January is off to a solid start with renewal retention and new sales on par with prior year. For the full-year, we expect the Group Benefits for our earnings margins to be between 6% and 7%. In Personal Lines, we will continue to drive new business growth in AARP Direct. For 2019, we expect to achieve a Personal Lines combined ratio of 97.5 to 99.5 including six-and-a-half points of catastrophes. In Commercial Lines, our top priority for 2019 is the successful integration of navigators into our business operations to accelerate our strategy. However, my comment this morning provides 2019 insights regarding the current commercial business of the Hartford. Across the marketplace, we continue to see varied competitive conditions based on line of business, geography, and industry. In property, general liability, commercial auto, we expect renewed risk pricing to be generally consistent with 2019. In worker's compensation, we expect pricing to be flat to down modestly. With '18 accident year frequency flattening in the fourth quarter, we believe this continues to be a very manageable level of pricing change, and while our margins may compress slightly, profitability for the line remains attractive. As a result, we expect 2019, Commercial Lines combined ratio to be between 94.5 and 96.5 including three points of catastrophes generally consistent with our performance for 2018. Overall, 2018 was a strong year for all of our business units across property and casualty and Group Benefits. We're a disciplined underwriting organization committed to maintaining strong margins and seeking growth when it meets our profit targets. We continue to effectively segment our business to determine those accounts that need price increases to reach target markets as we balance growth and margins. 2019 represents a new and significant Phase in our journey. With our acquisition of navigators, we are well-positioned to advance the key elements of our strategy, profitable product and underwriting expansion, deep partnerships with our distributors, and outstanding value to our customers. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. I'm going to cover results for the investment portfolio Hartford Funds and Corporate and also comment on the announced share repurchase authorization. The investment portfolio continues to perform very well. Net investment income was $457 million for the quarter up 16% from the prior year quarter. Net investment income of $1.8 billion was up 11% for the year primarily due to higher partnership income and higher invested assets. The increase in invested assets was driven primarily by the Group Benefits acquisition and receipt of proceeds from the sale of Talcott Resolution. For the year, limited partnerships generated a 13% return primarily due to strong private equity results and gains from real estate partnerships versus our outlook of 6%. The total portfolio yield for the full-year was 4% and excluding LPs was 3.7% both flat with 2017. During the year, the average reinvestment rate rose to 4% from 3.5%, which reflects the impact of higher interest rates. However, this increase was offset by the lower yield on the invested assets acquired from Aetna after giving effect to the purchase accounting requirements to record the portfolio on the acquisition date at current market yields. The after-tax portfolio yield rose from 3% in 2017 to 3.3% in 2018, driven primarily by the decrease in the corporate tax rate. The credit performance of our investment portfolio remains very strong with net impairments losses of only $1 million for the year. During the year, we repositioned the acquired Aetna portfolio to align with our long-term portfolio model, which generated in modest amount of capital losses due to the increase in interest rates since that portfolio was acquired. Turning to Hartford Funds, core earnings were up 3% for the quarter, and 37% for the year, reflecting a lower corporate tax rate, and for the full-year higher average daily assets under management. Although markets were down in the fourth quarter, our investment performance remained strong with 68% of our funds beating peers on a five-year basis. Given the significant market volatility in the fourth quarter and consistent with industry trends, net flows were negative and totaled $1.7 billion. For the year, net outflows were $300 million as mutual fund outflows of $1.7 billion were offset by EPS inflows of $1.4 billion. The corporate core loss was $46 million for the quarter and $233 million for the year. For the fourth quarter, the core loss is modestly lower than the prior year due to lower interest expense and higher net investment income. For the quarter, Talcott Resolution did not have a significant impact on earnings since investment management fees transitioned service revenues and income from our retained equity interest offset the cost of providing investment management in transition services. Corporate net investment income totaled $26 million in the quarter. Once we close the Navigators acquisition, pro-forma quarterly corporate net investment income would decrease by about $15 million. At December 31, Holding Company Resources totaled $3.4 billion, which declined to $2.9 billion at January 31, after repayment of $413 million of maturing senior notes and quarterly dividend and interest payments. After the payment of $2.2 billion for the Navigators acquisition which includes transaction expenses, Holding Company Resources will be close to our liquidity target of 12 months projected interest and dividend expense or approximately $700 million. In the fourth quarter, we completed our Annual Asbestos and Environmental Reserve Review. The four sessions to the adverse development cover we have in place, net reserves increased by $238 million before tax comprised of $167 million for asbestos liabilities and $71 million for environmental. Since inception of the adverse development cover, including the impact of the 2018 study, we have ceded losses of $523 million, compared to a limit of $1.5 billion. There are additional detail on our ANI reserves and the adverse development cover in the appendix of the slide deck. To summarize, fourth quarter core earnings were $0.78 per diluted share, down 4% from last year, while full-year 2018 core earnings were $4.33 per diluted share up 58%. Aside from catastrophe losses, our actual business results were in line or better than the ranges we provided last February. Book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI rose 12% for the year to $39.40, and our 2018 core earnings ROE was 11.6%, a strong result in light of heavy catastrophe losses for the year. Total value creation, which includes both the change in book value per share, excluding AOCI and dividend paid to shareholders was 15%. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended 2018 with a debt to capital ratio, ex-AOCI of 24.2%, down almost four points from year-end 2017. Including the preferred stock, we issued in November, our debt and preferred stock total capital ratio ex-AOCI was 25.9%, and our rating agency debt to total capital ration was 29.2%. Our goal is to keep the debt leverage within the low to mid 20% range. Between the January debt repayment and the assumption of the Navigator senior note as part of the acquisition, we expect net debt reduction of about $150 million in 2019. Finally, we are pleased to announce a share repurchase authorization of $1 billion, effective through December 31st, 2020. We expect to use this plan with discretion taking into consideration the amount of excess capital as well as the timing of future sources and uses of holding company resources. Given our projected cash flows, which were summarized on page seven of the slide deck, we would expect most of this program to be utilized in 2020. As noted earlier, upon closing the Navigators acquisition, holding company resources will be close to our liquidity targets. As holding company resources build in 2019 from subsidiary dividends, utilization of NOLs and AMT refunds, we will have some flexibility to utilize a portion of the authorization this year. To wrap up, 2018 was an excellent year for The Hartford despite high catastrophe losses. In addition to posting strong financial results, we achieved important operational and strategic goals, including the sale of Talcott and a smooth integration of the Aetna book of business. In 2019, we are focused on continuing our momentum with the goal of maintaining and improving, where possible, strong margins and top line growth. We are intently focused on maximizing the potential of the two acquisitions in Group Benefits and with Navigators, and are excited about the opportunities we see to continue to build and strengthen our position as a leading property casualty and group benefits insurance company. I'll now turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. We have about 30 minutes for questions today. Shelby, can you please repeat the instructions for asking a question?
Operator: Of course. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. A couple of quick here for you, first, Doug, I'm just curious, your commercial auto results are much better than the rest of the industry. Do you think that's just something to do with like mix of business? Why do you think that is why others are seeing some issues with it right now?
Doug Elliot: Brian, so commercial auto has been a focus of ours for, Chris and I talked last night, at least five years. We had some signs in our book five to six years ago that were acceptable to us, so we worked on closing down some programs. We've been working great, hard. Again, our commercial auto book is largely the compliment to our middle market strategy in small commercial. So, it has been a core priority of ours. Keep in mind we're still not pleased, and don't think we've reached the end zone on where our returns are today in commercial auto, but they are much improved from where they were a couple of years ago, and we'll continue to work at the line as we close up 2018. I feel very satisfied, confident in our reserve calls on the prior years.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then if I take a look at your outlook for the underlying commercial combined ratio here going forward, A, you've mentioned you're factoring in some deterioration in workers' comp. Any offsets there that we could be thinking of, like in the general liability or improvement in commercial auto. How should we be thinking about how your book should play out here?
Doug Elliot: Yes, it's a good question. So, yes, we expect some margin compression in the comp, but we also think that we're going to see improved results across general liability, property, and again we're going to work great, and we think we can improve our auto book as well. So, rate and underwriting attacking those three other lines, I think we're going to see an improved number for performance in 2019. And I think that'll offset some of the workers' comp compression.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Tunis of Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I just had a couple for Beth. The first one is looking at stat earnings and sources for dividends over the next couple of years. It looks like really strong stat earnings here. Should we think about if you have another like $400 million of stat earnings in Group Benefits, $1.1 billion in P&C, that's higher than what you've guided to for divvies, did all of that translate to the higher dividend of the Holdco income over the next couple of years or would some of that upside be holding in the subs. I'm just trying to understand how that maps to what could be deployable.
Beth Bombara: Yes, it's a great question. So, when we do our projections for dividend to the holding company we do tend to look at sort of over the long-term what we've seen from a performance perspective so that we have a strong degree of confidence that even if business activities are a little different from our outlook, that those dividends can still come to the holding company. So, over time, if we see those businesses performing strongly we could expect to see increase in dividends in outer years, but we try and go into our planning period putting some degree of looking at just kind of historically what we've seen there.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then just trying to get a better feel for the run rate in corporate once you've closed the acquisition, I think you said that the net investment income is going to come down a decent clip, but I would think there might be some other positive offsets to that. I mean is there any way you can help me in terms of what the run rate is once we're done with this?
Beth Bombara: Sure. Yes, it can be a little complicated when you look at the line item by line item view of corporate. But I think if you step back from it there's really two primary drivers of our results in corporate. The first is going to be interest expense after tax and our preferred dividend. So, if you look at 2019, we'd expect that to be about $230 million and you'd expect to see that pretty ratable over the four quarters. And then on investment income it's really going to be a function of just what cash we have at the holding company. So again, right now it's a little elevated. I'd expect that to come down, and we're probably more in the $10 million to $15 million range for invested income. And those are really the two primary drivers of what you see in corporate. There obviously is other activities as it relates to the investment management fees that we get from managing the assets of Talcott, but those are pretty much offset by the cost of performing those services, so there's not a lot that drops the bottom line on that. And then the last item I'd point to us obviously we'll be picking up our share of our interest in Talcott, the 9.7% ownership that we have, and like obviously that can vary. So when I put all that together and you sort of look through it, kind of getting to more normalized run rate and investment income, you're looking at a loss per quarter in the $45 million to $50 million range.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks so much. That's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. My first question, going back to the Commercial Lines' outlook for the coming year, and then just trying to drill down a little bit more into the commentary on comp, so it sounds like you guys are expecting stable frequency trends, continuation of what you saw in the fourth quarter. And so can you just expand, is that something you expect within both the small commercial and the middle market book, and were the trends more or less in line within both of those books in the fourth quarter?
Chris Swift: Elyse, improvement in frequency in both middle and small in the fourth quarter, and very stable, so pleased about that, and we're expecting that to continue into 2019, so I think you've got a fair summary of what we see moving out relative to frequency.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, and then what should we, from the outside, pay attention to? What do you think it would take for frequency trends to turn negative again or is it just kind of more or less paying attention to any changes in the unemployment rate?
Chris Swift: Well, we're spending a lot of time paying attention to unemployment for sure. We're watching job growth; we're watching all the economic indicators, including sales. As we look out, we're obviously managing our book of business by territory, et cetera, but class, we're looking for high-growth industries, we're being very careful about how we price forward. So I think the general categories that I talked about in the third quarter call are all key areas that we're focused on. We're also spending a lot of time in our claim group making sure that we're doing everything possible with nurse case managers, managing major medical, our managed care networks; we're spending a lot of time because we think we have been able to bend the curve. We think our durations in comp are top of market, and the combination of sound underwriting and excellence in claims, think it's a really good formula for us to compete moving forward.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then my second question is related to capital. The disclosure on the slides is very helpful. Beth, in terms of the cash tax receipts, that $600 million to $700 million, seems like that's going to be a big driver of capital to the hold co to finance what you might repurchase in 2019. Could you give us a sense of timing there? And then I think you said in your prepared remarks that you guys are now looking to keep about one-time interest and dividends at the hold co. I thought in the past that was one to one-and-a-half times, so if you guys okay going forward kind of keeping that at about one time?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So, agree, I'll take both of those questions. So, on the tax receipts in '19, they're coming from two sources. One would be a refund that we're due relative to our AMT credits, and those AMT credits, and those we'll receive shortly after we file our tax return. So, we typically file our tax return in the third quarter. We'll obviously look to see if there's things we can do to speed that process up, but that's dependent on that. And then the NOL, the way that that works through our tax sharing arrangements with the subsidiaries is we true up quarterly kind of where we are vis--vis estimates of taxable income, so there's a source of cash flow that's kind of coming in each quarter related to that. And when you think about the projection that we have for tax receipts that we shared, I'd say a little bit more than half of that is from NOLs, with the remainder coming from AMT. And then for holding company resources, yes, in the past we've talked about one to one-and-a-half times. We've been grading down to one time as sort of the risk profile of the company itself has changed, and so again that's a target. It's not an absolute amount, but we feel comfortable being able to maintain holding company liquidity there as we sort of assess all of our access to liquidity across the company.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good morning. First question is a follow-up to Brian's question about underlying commercial margins. Were non-catastrophe losses materially above or below expectations for the full-year '18? If they were, could you offer some clarification.
Doug Elliot: Let me take that, Mike. For the year, our non-cat losses in property were pretty much on our expectations. I would say in our middle market business, slightly elevated to our normal pattern, so something that's got our attention, but nothing more than that, and then in small commercial had a very good year.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. Thanks, Doug. And then a follow-up for Beth on investment income excluding limited partnership returns. And thanks for all the color on the call so far about the corporate segment. But my question is, if I look at the new money reinvestment rate, it ticked up 30 basis points this quarter. And I was curious if that's sustainable into 2019?
Beth Bombara: And I'm assuming your question is on overall portfolio yield, not just in corporate. But as we look at where we ended the year and what our yield was on an ex-partnership basis before tax for 2018. We'd expect to see maybe some increase to that as we go into '19. And obviously to your point, we'll be really dependent upon just where reinvestment rates end up being for the full-year, but we're expecting to see a slight increase there.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, thank you for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Hey, Doug, I just want to be clear that I understand your comments on workers' comp frequency. I think you said they flattened out in 4Q. So, does that imply that they recovered from the elevated levels from 3Q or were they consistent with 3Q levels?
Doug Elliot: Yes, I'm sorry. Let me be very specific. The fourth quarter compare, which did flatten out, so I'm talking zero would have been a compare to fourth quarter of '17, okay. Every time we do our quarterly comparison we're looking at same quarter last year, so that would've been an improvement over the prior several quarters where we had positive frequency change, meaning more workers' compensation claim losses in the quarters compared to the same quarter prior year.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. So, from what you can see, it does look like that was a temporary increase, and now you think it's more likely to trend where it's recovered to in 4Q.
Doug Elliot: Our thought process that we've shared externally that it looked to us like '18 was going to be a bit of the step change, '17 was a terrific year, maybe the best year we've seen in quite some time in comp. The absolute level now that we expect moving forward, probably looks more like '16 than '17, but at this point we don't see something further deteriorating from the earlier part of the year, and we're watching the economy, as I said before, very closely.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. And then my follow-up is just on Group Benefits. I'm not sure if I caught this correctly, but I thought I heard you say Group Benefit sales were strong in the quarter. And I noticed they were down a lot year-over-year. So I just want to know what you meant by that.
Doug Elliot: Yes. I was really referring, Tom, to the full-year. We felt very good about the full year. As you know a lot of the Group Benefit sales they lean into the first half of the year. So I feel very good about the overall effort particularly way they are writing a book. And then I did comment further about the beginning of '19 which we feel pretty good about. And when I say, "Pretty good," we have some nice successes. We had a paid family leave at new case that came out on all 1/1/18. So when I adjust for that and look at our core disability and core life sales, I feel very good about 2019.
Beth Bombara: I think the only thing I would add to that, Doug, is when you look at the year-over-year compare for the quarter, in the prior year we had a very strong one case sale that skewed the results when you look at it sort of year-over-year.
Tom Gallagher: But if you -- and thanks for that color, and I guess, as you think about momentum for top line you know, would you say it's a good setup for sales, persistency, and also I would be curious what you are seeing on rate. Only because your results have been so strong, I am wondering if you have give back something on price right now.
Doug Elliot: So many of our accounts are rated on their own experienced base, so it really is a case-by-case answer for much of our national account book, but let me just step back. We feel really good about these last 15 months as it pertains to how the Aetna book has combined the talent, the ability for us now to stand up a very different unique claims platform. So, yes, I am feeling very bullish about our ability to compete in the marketplace. There are situations where we are giving back a little bit of rate because of the performance. There are also some cases that need a little bit more rate. And we have been able to achieve that. So I think a really strong year in '18 and off to a good start in 19.
Chris Swift: Tom, I would just add from a top line orientation; remember, we've built over the last three years a voluntary capability. We've had added some new A&H products and refreshed some old one. We are doing things differently and creatively with some distribution relationships on the A&H side. So, we still think there is a momentum and upside potential from here. But it is competitive marketplace as you well know. There is lot of good competitors out there. But I think the agency brokers we deal with and the clients recognize that we've really upped our game. And we're seeing opportunities particularly in large case side we wouldn't have seen years ago. So we put it altogether particularly how the models and how actual results are performing compared to our purchase expectations, it been rock solid.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neil.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what appears to be some growth streams in the Personal Line side, and is there certain arc where we can see some of that stream reduced and the timing of that?
Doug Elliot: Paul, let me give you some color. So as I think about our return to growth in Personal Line, number one, we are very pleased with the progress on the profitability front. Our new sales in Personal Lines were up as you can see in the chart materially from last year. We expect more of that moving forward. Our direct ARP auto sales in the fourth quarter new to new 4Q to 4Q were up roughly 24%. I expect more quarters like that as we move into next year. So, we are working hard as more and more of our territories are rate adequate to compete in the marketplace appropriately. And I think that continued trend is within our side and certainly expectations for 19.
Paul Newsome: So kind of for the foreseeable future the thought, okay, that's my only question. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thank you, and first -- highlight Chinese New Year today. My first question is on your guidance. The combined ratio guidance is not only including Navigator acquisition, Navigator historically having higher combined ratio than Hartford's, so I just wonder would that be dilutive to your like your combined ratio going forward? And what's your plan in that $200 million earnings targeting four to five years included some improvements in underwriting in Navigator?
Chris Swift: Yes, Kai. Thank you for the question. So you are right. It doesn't include that we have been clear, Beth and I and Doug that once we close, we will update our guidance. So as we think about the $200 million of incremental core earnings before amortization in tangibles, I think we have laid out a path and a track that we have talked about before. And that basically 50% of that incremental increase will come from investment income and expense saved. A quarter of that incremental increase will come from what I would just describe as profit improvement opportunities in their book of business. And the other quarter would come then from synergies cross sell activities is how we would go to the marketplace. I would share and then Doug could add to his color that obviously he has announced the operating model and the organizational structure, but doing all that work getting to know the Navigator's team both domestically and internationally we have made trips there going back this weekend to London. I am coming away more and more impressed with the challenge, the skills, the deep underlying knowledge they have in the organization. I think just as a larger company, I think we can bring them more capabilities from the technology side, the management routine side while still being entrepreneurial, while still having a distributor decision making model. So I feel even more confident that this is going to fit like hand and glove going forward, Kai.
Kai Pan: That's great. Then in the past, you have been providing the P&C net income guidance as well core earnings from Group Benefits, any insight you can provide there?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So on Group Benefits I will start with that, actually our practice has typically been to show margin. Last year, we did earnings just because with the Aetna acquisition we felt that it would be clear to just to give an earnings target rather than a margin. So we are actually returned for Group Benefits to our normal practice. And then for P&C investment income, we concluded that just hasn't been an area of -- an area that we needed to highlight that. I think people's model are pretty consistent on that. And as I answered previously as we look at investment returns ex-partnership, we would expect the yields to be maybe slight above last year. And then again as a reminder, when we think about yield on partnership we budget sort of assuming a long-term view of around a 6% yield. Obviously, we are much higher than that this year. But we would not project that in the subsequent year.
Kai Pan: Great. Well, thank you so much.
Beth Bombara: Shelby, next question please.
Operator: I am sorry. Your next question comes from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Good morning everybody. Looking at the guidance on the Personal Line side from where it was a year ago, it deteriorated a little bit. And if I look at auto over the last three years, seems like you have had 28% rate increases. I am kind surprised given that some of your competitors are reporting declines in frequency or what not that the combined ratio is better at this point in time. Do you have any thoughts there? And also if we can talk about the change in the catastrophe outlook, you obviously have a higher cat loss ratio than you did a year ago. Has there been change about the underwriting or you are just like saying, look, there is lot more losses there in fields these days?
Doug Elliot: Josh, okay, let me take them in each of the pieces and then Beth and Chris can come over the top. So relative to the Personal Lines -- all in Personal Lines, the first thing I would say is that it really was an outstanding non-cat homeowners' year. So our performance far exceeded really the last three years - five years et cetera. So, as we think about that moving forward, our pick on homeowners was a longer-term year which wasn't quite as positive as the outstanding year in '18 that we had. Relative to auto, we are watching the line. As you know, we work hard at that line over time. We are also spending more dollars on the marketing side. So, you are seeing a little bit of expense move there that is direct and something that we want to do to stimulate new sales. So, we are very sensitive to where the overall performance in the line is. Feel very solid about our picks for accident '18 and '17, so I think we're in a good spot. But as we move into '19, you're going to feel a little marketing, and then we'll watch how pricing and loss trend move together. I would note that others and including industry data has seen a little pickup in collision severity, so it's something that we're watchful of. Our book isn't demonstrating the trends at fast track data is showing, but we're clearly watching that carefully as things like new bumpers and you know, headlights, the replacement of those parts, I think is starting to kind of work its way into last trend in Personal Lines auto.
Chris Swift: Josh, and again between Beth and myself, we're looking hard at our historical catastrophe numbers in over the last 10 years, five years, in particular, and we decided to make an adjustment, because I think the trends were sort of undeniable, particularly from not only wildfire, which created all the attention the last two years, but winter storm activity, tornado, hail, you know, particularly, hail patterns moving, which I described in a non-meteorological sense eastward, you know, away from mountains more and more. So we did make a slight adjustment, I think it translates into roughly $50 million pretax, but again I think that the patterns are there. We adjust to it. I think it's more realistic, and ultimately, we need to begin to price and collect cash from the policyholders, but as you know regulators have a say in that. So it'll be baked into our pricing models going forward and then it's a matter of trying to collect from policyholders over a longer period of time.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for the answers and let's hope for fewer catastrophes next year nonetheless.
Chris Swift: Understand.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning. Chris, in your opening statement comments, you said that you were expecting a bit of a slowdown in the U.S. economy in 2019, how does that factor into your commercial margin expectations in general and into worker's comp in particular?
Chris Swift: That's a great question. As Doug described, I think it does take some of the pressure off of frequency. Again, I think the analysis that we've done in here as it relates to tax benefits, economic demand, unemployment, I think we pulled a lot of economic activity forward with the stimulus, and I think that crated a surge of workers particularly new and inexperienced workers in certain industries. And I think in a strange sense, a slight slowdown -- we still see positive GDP in the 2.25% range, I'm looking at Brion Johnson our head of HIMCO, and -- yes, so, I think that takes some pressure off. If Doug didn't say it, I mean, we still are always going to be conservative with our severity picks in putting up long-term trends on medical severity in particular. So we think that's generally unchanged by economic activity and sort of separate. But Doug, what would you add?
Doug Elliot: Well, maybe as I think about adding something and the earlier questions maybe an example that just came across my desk a couple of days ago of what -- when I talk about increased economic activity and sometimes the pressure that puts on workers comp. I saw a claim come across, essentially it was a manufacturing client we've had for many years. Their demand to British product has grown substantially in the last nine months. So they took a piece of equipment that had been offline for five to seven years, put it back online and the third day it was in service not noticing that the safety guard was not attached. You know, we had a major hand-arm accident with a worker and that's the kind of claim -- that piece of equipment was not in use during what I would say level demand times over the last three to five years. And now with -- you know, in certain sectors, a little bit of needed increase in output, we had a loss that we might not have had last year or the year before. That's just a little example of why we're watching this economic activity so carefully.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. That's helpful, and then maybe a follow-up to your answer to Josh's question on catastrophes. I did note that you reduced the limit per occurrence, but also reduced the attachment point for aggregate. Does that just -- as you're looking at your cat loss experience over the last couple of years, does that just signify that you're expecting maybe more of a frequency uptick, and not necessarily a deterioration in severity per occurrence?
Chris Swift: Yes, I think your observations are right. I think, if you look at our pattern, I think it was two, three years ago, Beth, we added an aggregate protection in a more material and meaningful way, you know, to project -- to protect on multiple occurrences as opposed to just one big one. So we think about spend and trying to maximize coverage on a power versus aggregate cover. We spent a little bit more on an aggregate. So again I would say it's a modest change, nothing major, Beth, but would you add any color?
Beth Bombara: No, I'd agree with that. You know, one thing to keep in mind is the layer on our per occurrence treaty that we eliminated, was a layer that used to be able to go between either the per occurrence treaty, or the aggregate. And really all we've done is now put it into the aggregate, and increased the aggregate protection by another $25 million from what we had before. So really again, to your point as we look at our experience and where we see the potential for protection, we felt that that was a better use of our dollars.
Yaron Kinar: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Kumar of Buckingham Research.
Amit Kumar: Thanks for fitting me in. Two quick follow-ups, number one, just going back to the worker's comp comments, net-net I think what you're saying is that 2018 might have been a blip and the underlying CR uptick is due to the pressure on the pricing side of the equation. Can you just maybe expand on the level of pricing on comp, maybe give us some color and then talk about pricing expectations in 2019?
Chris Swift: Sure, let me provide a little color. And I think the exposure in loss trends have exactly on, right, we see stability moving out ahead watchful and not moving off our long-term medical severity picks, but a flattening frequency. Relative to pricing, you know, as I said in my script I see pricing worker's comp flat to down. I think we're going to see a little more downward pressure in small commercial where we don't have the underwriting ability to deviate based on our current experiences much more group rated. So we're going to see a little more pressure minus single digits, small single digits, mid-single digits in small commercial. And then in middle market it's going to be a risk-by-risk evaluation, and again we see quite a bit of competition in the industry but I see that pricing being flat to down a couple of points as well.
Amit Kumar: Got it, that's helpful. The only other question, I will end here, is -- I know this is early days on the buyback discussion, but is there any thought process based on where the stock has traded over the past few years, would there be any desire, let's say, if you get down to end of 2019 and early 2020, could there be a possibility this buyback could be frontloaded or am I getting ahead of myself, or is this going to be spread out over 2020, thanks?
Chris Swift: Yes, I think, it's probably premature to speculate on trading practices. I think Beth and we've been clear, historically, we've done things on a pro rata basis, but I think with this program and the intention to sort of foreshadow two years of demand, we'd rather be just a little bit more opportunistic when we see opportunities particularly as we get into later '19. It's not without -- it's feasible, we could be active sooner, but we have obviously funding requirements and we got holding company liquidity targets that we'd like to maintain, so -- but as we get into later half of '19 and into '20, I think it would be much more opportunistic and in buying patterns, as opposed to anything, frontloaded in a large program, a onetime buying opportunity or anything more mechanical. So just expect us to be more opportunistic going forward.
Amit Kumar: Thanks for that and good luck for the future.
Chris Swift: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks for fitting me in. Doug, I was hoping you would talk a little bit about what you've seen over the course of 2018 and that lead to the worker's compensation reserve releases and did you see the reserve strengthening?
Doug Elliot: Okay. On the worker's comp side, we continue to reflect on positive experience in our prior accident years, so as we go quarter-by-quarter, Beth and I and our team actuaries sit down, and those calls we think were appropriate given what we saw coming out of the prior year, so feel very good about our positions in all our booked action years. Relative to GL, we've seen a little bit of product liability, adverse experience in the last couple of years, so we are watchful of that, but the moves in GL for prior have largely been in the product liability area.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Can you give us a sense as to the action years?
Chris Swift: Say that again, I'm sorry.
Meyer Shields: Which action years?
Chris Swift: Yes. On the workers' comp, we are talking about the last four action years, right, '14, '15, '16, I'd have to go back and check on the GL
Beth Bombara: GL is, I believe, is probably coming from the 2015 action year.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of J.P. Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So, most of my questions were answered, just maybe a couple, on M&A, are you still interested in pursuing acquisitions once the Navigator deal closes, or -- and if you guys, what sort of product lines or regions are the most interest?
Chris Swift: Yes, thanks for the question, Jimmy. I would say, again in the context of how we've talked about excess capital, obviously we've said what we want to do with our excess, which is authorizing our share repurchase. We are in the final stages of integrating the Aetna book of business during 2019. So there's still more substance of work to do there, and we haven't even closed the Navigators acquisition, which we are expecting to close in March or April. So I think from a practical point as I said, I mean, we have everything we need, at least for the foreseeable future, and who knows what would happen down the road, but we wouldn't take M&A off the table per se, but something attractive that fits within our existing strategy, it's like a foremost deal or another small bolt-on opportunity, we would look at it, but we'd have to make more financial sense going forward. So that's what I would say. I mean, it's not a current focus, it's not a current priority, we have higher priorities that we need to really focus on the next 18 to 24 months, but you'll see what things looks like in two years.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly on Group Benefits, the overall margins over the last couple of quarters have been pretty strong, I think the rest of the industry had seen a similar trend as well. As you went through renewal season for 2019, what was -- just a few comments on what you have seen in terms of pricing in that market?
Chris Swift: It's been a pretty consistent market. It will move by account. So yes, we've had a couple of accounts with outstanding performance, and I think we've made reductions thoughtfully, but generally I think it's similar consistent markets what we have experienced over the last 12 to 15 months.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue.
Beth Bombara: Oh, thank you, Shelby. We appreciate you all joining us today, and look forward to seeing you at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Conference next week, or at AIFA in early March, if you are attending either of those events. And as always, if you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to follow-up with the Investor Relations team. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 11:03:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is James and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, Id like to welcome everyone to The Hartfords Third Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Id now like to turn the call over to the Head of Investor Relations, Sabra Purtill. Please go ahead.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. Today's webcast covers our third quarter financial results which were released yesterday afternoon. The news release, investor financial supplement, slides and 10-Q for the quarter are all available on our Web site. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have time for Q&A. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information on forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are also available on our Web site. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings and in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's Web site for at least one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. The Hartford had a great quarter with excellent financial results and significant progress on our strategic goals. Third quarter core earnings were $1.15 per diluted share, up significantly from $0.35 last year. Year-to-date, The Hartfords core earnings are $3.55 per share compared with $1.94 in 2017. The higher level of earnings this quarter and for the year were driven by several items, including better underwriting results in property and casualty, increased Group Benefits in Mutual Funds earnings and a lower U.S. corporate tax rate. Let me share some details on these items. P&C underwriting margins, which Doug will cover in more details, improved with a third quarter combined ratio of 97.3 and 95.4 for the nine months. The underlying combined ratio was 93.2 and 91.3, respectively, each better by nearly a point over last year. Group Benefits earnings for the quarter and year-to-date were up 50% and 74%, respectively, due to the acquisition and lower tax rates. Margins remain very strong with the core earnings margin for the first nine months of 6.4%, including the amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. Excluding intangibles, the core earnings margin was 7.5% compared with 6.1% last year. And Mutual Funds core earnings were up more than 50% for the quarter and year-to-date with continued growth in assets under management. Book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, grew 11% since December 31st and the annualized year-to-date core earnings ROE was 12.7%. Looking at earnings and returns for both the quarter and the year, Im very pleased with our overall results. This quarter, we made continued progress on important strategic and operational goals. In August, we announced the agreement to acquire The Navigators Group. This acquisition advances several of our key objectives. It enhances our Commercial Lines presence with specialty and E&S capabilities, it broadens and deepens our product offerings with expanded industry verticals and it expands our geographic underwriting reach with an international presence. Leading agents and brokers are demanding deep expertise in comprehensive risk solutions across many industries from their carrier partners. With our expanded platform, particularly in specialty lines and industry verticals for middle market, we will strengthen distribution relationships and improve our access to new business opportunities. A combination of our capabilities and talent with the diverse product offerings and deep expertise of The Navigators team, well accelerate the next stage of our journey as a market leading Commercial Lines company. This acquisition is strategically important to The Hartford. Achieving the financial targets we have set forth will require effort and team work. We are focused on executions and recently kicked off a joint planning process regarding integration. We are excited to work with our future colleagues to develop our go-to-market plans. As previously discussed, we expect to generate core earnings before intangibles of 200 million within four to five years. About half of the increase from Navigators current run rate earnings will come from relatively straightforward investment portfolio and expense actions that will begin to impact earnings in the first year. We expect the remainder of the increase to be achieved over time from top line growth and improved underwriting margins. We look forward to sharing our future plans and progress with you. Another key accomplishment is the continued successful integration of our Group Benefits acquisition which closed almost a year ago today. This quarter, we began deploying the disability claims and lead management platform across both books, and renewing former Aetna contracts onto The Hartford systems. January 1, 2019 new sales and renewals, which are in the line with our expectations, is another important milestone. Weve had outstanding financial results this year despite higher than normal catastrophes. Although workers compensation 2018 frequency trends are elevated from expectation, its a modest change in trend that were addressing. Total workers compensation results this quarter continued to be quite strong. Im pleased with the speed and diligence of our team in identifying this trend which reflects favorably on the capabilities of our new claims system and the competitive advantage of our expanded data and analytical skills. Finally, just a few comments on capital management before turning the call over to Doug. In 2012, we began the transformation of The Hartford away from capital market sensitive businesses to more underwriting centric ones. Since that time from organic excess capital generation and the proceeds of sales of businesses, we have redeployed a significant amount of capital in a balanced manner including equity repurchases, acquisitions and debt reductions. In total, we returned more than 50% of the total to shareholders through both dividends and share buybacks. Since 2011, we have repurchased approximately 35% of our outstanding shares, most of which was done at prices less than book value. In addition, almost 25% was used to strengthen the balance sheet which earned us several credit upgrades in the process. These actions included debt repayment, the asbestos environmental reinsurance cover purchase and a reduction in our pension liability. Lastly, the remaining 4 billion or 25% was used for several acquisitions, including Navigators, which have met our strategic goals and financial targets. As I reflect back on this track record, I am proud of the balance that we have struck in our deployment of capital. We have repositioned our portfolio of businesses to underwriting centric product lines where we have made deliberate investments both organic and inorganic, and we have done this whilst strengthening our balance sheet and returning capital to our shareholders. As I look to the future, our near-term focus is squarely on the successful integration of Aetna and Navigators acquisitions with the goal of achieving and ultimately exceeding our expected returns on these investments. These integrations will consume much of our operational bandwidth for the time being. Looking forward, we expect our businesses will continue to generate excess capital over time. In the medium to long term, we will continue to be deliberate in deploying this capital to create shareholder value. As we do so, our philosophy around capital management will remain consistent. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to deploy excess capital, including investing in our businesses and capital management which includes reducing leverage with the focus on both financial returns and strategic objectives. To conclude, Hartford made a tremendous amount of progress against our strategic goals over the past year. Looking forward, we are excited by the opportunities we see to build on the momentum as we move into 2019. We look forward to sharing our progress with you. And now, Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. We posted strong results this quarter in property and casualty and Group Benefits. In Commercial Lines, were pleased with our performance and returns, particularly as markets remain competitive and workers compensation rates are increasingly under pressure. In Personal Lines, auto loss trends remained favorable and new business growth rates improved. And in Group Benefits margins remain very strong as we continue to execute on our integration plans. It was another active quarter for catastrophes, but losses were well below third quarter 2017. This year, Hurricane Florence was the single largest event of the quarter but there were also a number of wind, hail and wildfire events contributing to losses. Current year cat losses in the quarter totaled 169 million, 183 million less than a year ago. Before I cover results for our business units, Id like to comment briefly on workers compensation trends updating my observations from our second quarter earnings call. The market remains competitive as industry returns have been strong over the last five years. Loss cost trends over the same period have been quite moderate with low severity and negative frequency trends, driven by favorable economic fundamentals as we emerged from the Great Recession. With the economy at or near full employment, our frequency in small commercial and middle market has turned positive this year. Based on our business and economic analysis, we view this trend as broader than just our book of business. With the unemployment rate below 4% for the last six months, the ratio of unemployed workers compared to open jobs has continued to decline. This ratio is now below 1 for the first time since 2001, the first year this metric was tracked. Many businesses are struggling to find qualified employees and beginning to add more new workers to their payroll, generally increasing the risk of workplace injury versus what it would have been say a year or two ago. Additionally, the tightening labor market produces more hours work for employee often resulting in fatigue and less training time compounding the risk of injury for the less experience workers. Our uptick in frequency change has been moderate turning positive on a rolling 12-month basis. The actual frequency levels are now comparable to what we experienced in 2016 which is a very manageable shift in a book of business as large as ours. The frequency increase is more pronounced among less tenured employees and it can be several times that of experienced workers. All-in-all, we see this shift as part of managing both the industry cycle and the broader economic cycle. This includes making appropriate adjustments to underwriting, pricing and loss ratio selections. We are deep inside our workers compensation analytics and profitability measures across geographies, accounts size, industry class, risk profile and loss experience. Based on this analysis, our 2018 accident year loss ratio for middle market workers compensation is 3.5 points higher than 2017. No changes have been in small commercial as current accident year loss cost trends remain within our overall estimates. This recent frequency trend has not changed our view of accident years 2017 and prior. Workers compensation is a very important line to us. We have the expertise, tools and data to address exactly these types of market challenges and we will continue to manage all the levers available to us as we stay on top of these trends. Let me now shift into the results for our business segments. In Commercial Lines, the combined ratio improved 12.5 points from prior year to 96.1 due to lower catastrophe losses and a higher favorable prior year development. The prior year development was driven by continued favorable trends in workers compensation from accident years 2015 and prior and favorable emergence in financial products. The underlying combined ratio for commercial lines, which excludes catastrophes and prior year development, was 93.7 deteriorating half a point from last year but still very healthy. This change was largely due to workers compensation margin compression in middle market as we react proactively to the frequency trends I described earlier and adverse non-cat property results in small commercial, largely offset by favorable results in general liability and commercial auto. Looking at pricing, our renewal written pricing in standard Commercial Lines was 1.7%, down sequentially from second quarter by 130 basis points. This was heavily driven by the competitive workers compensation environment. Standard Commercial Lines pricing, excluding workers compensation, was 4.9% in the quarter, essentially in line with second quarter. Within our Commercial Line business units, small commercial continued its strong performance with an underlying combined ratio of 88.7. The margin improvement versus last year was driven by general liability and auto, partially offset by higher non-cat property losses and slightly higher expenses. Written premium was up slightly as we begin to see business flows from the Foremost renewal rights deal, partially offset by the downward pressure on workers compensation rates and competitive market conditions for both new business and renewal. Small commercial policy counts have been increasing quarter-over-quarter in 2018 having declined throughout 2017. This reflects our disciplined approach to profitable growth. Over the last two years, weve reduced our small commercial auto book of business to improve profitability. Likewise, weve made adjustments to our packaged policy appetite to improve returns. Our margins in small commercial are industry leading as is our platform for new business and service. Were very excited about our long-term prospects for growth in this segment of the market. In middle market, the underlying combined ratio of 100.2 increased 3.2 points from 2017 with 2.6 points of that increase due to higher current accident year loss ratio and workers compensation. Written premium was up 6.5% over last year with solid production in line such as property and general liability as well as verticals such as construction and energy, offset by declines in workers compensation. In specialty commercial, the underlying combined ratio of 96 improved 2.6 points driven by an adjustment to reflect higher premiums on retrospectively rated accounts and lower expenses, offset by slight margin compression in national accounts and financial products. Moving over to Personal Lines, the underlying combined ratio of 91.8 improved 3.1 points representing 5.5 points of improvement in the underlying loss ratio, partially offset by an increase in the expense ratio. The loss ratio improvement is reflected in both our auto and homeowner results driven by earned pricing increases and favorable auto loss cost trends and non-cat homeowners experience. The higher expense ratio is primarily due to lower earned premiums versus last year and increased marketing efforts in AARP Direct where we are focused on new business growth and retention. New business was up over 30% in AARP Direct auto. Our marketing spend and product adjustments continue to gain traction and our competitiveness measures continue to improve. We are pleased with the underlying profile of this growth and encouraged by the improving trends. Despite strong improvement in new business growth, total written premium was still down 7.6%. Retention remains below our long-term targets as prior rate increases and a reduced agency footprint continue to work through our book of business. However, as those rate changes decelerate, retention is improving. And coupled with our new business trends will provide a strong foundation for future growth. Group Benefits delivered another excellent quarter. Core earnings was 102 million with a margin of 6.7%. The increase versus last year is primarily driven by strong organic growth, the addition of our 2017 acquisition and lower tax rates. Although the group disability loss ratio was up slightly versus last year which experienced unusually high claim recoveries, we continue to see very strong disability results including favorable emergence from recent accident years. The group life loss ratio improved slightly from the volatile adverse trends experienced in recent quarters. Persistency on our employer group block of business remains steady at approximately 90% and fully insured ongoing sales of 104 million were up 53% from prior year. January 2019 sales in national accounts are firming up and we expect a strong start to next year. Our expanded sales team is executing very effectively in the market and our differentiated service and claims value proposition is clearly resonating with employers. Were excited about how this business is positioned in the marketplace. We will remain very pleased with the overall integration of the Aetna Group Benefits business. We have completed the conversion of former Aetna small business customers to the Hartford platform. Conversion of middle market and large case customers to the Hartford platform is on track to begin in December and will continue throughout 2019 and 2020. In summary, this was a very solid quarter across our property and casualty and Group Benefits businesses. We are executing effectively against our plans, responding to loss cost trends and competitive market dynamics with appropriate pricing actions and disciplined underwriting. We continue to make excellent progress on our initiatives and product operations and technology, all of which contribute to a competitive platform for the years ahead. We are also very encouraged about the possibilities with our announced acquisition of Navigators. As Chris has shared, we have kicked off integration activities across all business disciplines and we will share more details at an appropriate time. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. Im going to cover investment results, mutual funds and corporate earnings as well as book value and ROEs. In addition, I have a few updates on The Navigators acquisition and holding company resources. Starting with investments, net investment income totaled 444 million, up 10% over the prior year quarter due a 9% increase in invested assets primarily as a result of the higher level of invested assets in Group Benefits from last years acquisitions. Limited partnership income did not meaningfully impact the compares into 2017 as third quarter LP income was 45 million for tax, down 3 million compared with third quarter 2017. Excluding LPs, the annualized portfolio yield was 3.7%, down slightly from 3.8% in third quarter 2017 due to the impact of the acquired Group Benefits assets being reported at market yields and the higher level of holding company resources held largely in short-term investments. The P&C investment yield was up modestly to 3.8% primarily due to higher interest rates. For the consolidated investment portfolio, the average new money rate in the quarter exceeded the average yield on sales and maturities by about 20 basis points. This reflected higher interest rates as well as a roughly 400 million reduction during the quarter, an exposure to municipal given favorable after tax yields on comparable taxable investments. The credit performance on the investment portfolio remains very strong. Net impairments in the quarter totaled 1 million, flat with third quarter 2017. Turning to mutual funds. Third quarter core earnings were 41 million, up nearly 60% from last year due to both higher assets under management and a lower tax rate. Total mutual fund and ETP assets under management, which excludes assets related to Talcott Resolution, was 106 billion at the end of the quarter, up 10%. This growth was driven principally by market appreciation as well as by positive net flows of 1.3 billion over the last 12 months. Funds performance remains strong as 61% and 69% of funds beat their peers on a three and five-year basis, respectively. Core losses in corporate were 45 million in the third quarter, down from 68 million last year. There were a few ongoing items that affected results this quarter. First, interest expense declined by 10 million before tax both on a sequential basis and compared with third quarter 2017 due to net debt repayment over the period including the June 2018 call of 500 million of hybrids which had a coupon of eight and an eighth percent [ph]. In addition, there were several items related to Talcott including the Hartfords share of income from its 9.7% ownership interest. Similar to our other private equity investments, income on this investment is reported on a three-month lag. As the sale closed at the end of May, this quarters results include income for the month of June which was about 2 million. Fourth quarter 2018 will reflect a full three months of results. The amount of income recorded each quarter will be 9.7% of Talcotts net income, which as you know can fluctuate based on market conditions and the impact of hedging. In addition, fee income in corporate included approximately 11 million of revenue for a full quarter of managing investments for Talcott. This was offset by corresponding investment management expenses. Stranded costs related to Talcott were about 9 million before tax. We expect these costs to be eliminated over the next 15 months. Finally, net investment income for the quarter included income on the net proceeds received from the Talcott sale of 1.5 billion. In total, The Hartfords third quarter core earnings were 418 million, up from 130 million in third quarter 2017 due to higher earnings in each of the companys main business segments, including the benefit of a lower corporate tax rate. Core earnings per diluted share were $1.15. As a reminder, in July we announced an increase in our quarterly common dividend by 20% to $0.30 per share, the sixth consecutive annual increase as a result of stronger earnings from our businesses. Book value per diluted share at September 30 was $34.95, down 6% from December 31, largely due to the impact of higher interest rates on the fair value of the investment portfolio and the removal of AOCI related to the Talcott sale. Excluding AOCI, book value per diluted share of $39.12 increased 11% since December 31. Core earnings ROE, which is calculated on a rolling 12-month basis, was 10.3% in third quarter of 2018, up more than 4 points from last year due in part to strong operating results including the benefit of a lower corporate tax rate as well as lower average equity to the sale of Talcott and the fourth quarter charge related to tax reform. Our annualized 2018 year-to-date core earnings ROE was 12.7%. Before taking your questions, Ill provide a brief update on The Navigators Group acquisition. The go shop period under the acquisition agreement expired without any competing bids and Navigators have filed their proxy with an expected shareholder meeting date of November 16. The antitrust waiting period under Hart-Scott-Rodino expired last week and we have filed the required change and control materials with the regulators, including New York, the UK and Belgium. We continue to expect it closing in the first half of 2019 subject to those approvals and have begun integration and planning activities with The Navigators team. While the acquisition does not have a financing contingency, we continue to evaluate financing alternatives to maintain appropriate levels of holding company liquidity post closing. Holding company resources at September 30 were 2.3 billion compared with a cash purchase price of approximately 2.2 billion including expenses. Last week, we filed a dividend request with the Connecticut Department of Insurance to accelerate our 2019 planned P&C dividend to fourth quarter 2018. This dividend of approximately 1 billion will help provide financial flexibility and liquidity to support 2019 interest expense and dividend payments and the January 2019 bond maturity. As we have discussed in the past, we had a robust framework around evaluating capital margins and liquidity requirements across our company. Importantly, our approach begins with maintaining sufficient capital and liquidity in our operating insurance companies for stress scenarios that contemplate much higher catastrophe and credit losses than are typical. In those stress scenarios, we seek to maintain P&C capital at an AA level based on S&P models and Group Benefits capital at a 350% RBC. We also seek to maintain sufficient operating company liquidity to meet cash flow related stresses such as large catastrophes. Capital resources at the holding company are also evaluated for liquidity requirements and stress scenarios. We begin with the minimum target of holding company cash and short-term investments sufficient to cover interest and dividend payment for the next 12 months which is about 700 million currently, as well as some provision for upcoming debt maturities depending on our financing plans. Capital resources above this level are what we consider excess and can be redeployed for other opportunities. Based on our current projections, after the closing of The Navigators transaction we expect the level of excess capital resources will begin to rebuild in the latter part of 2019 and into 2020. Consistent with our longstanding philosophy, we will continue to evaluate opportunities for the use of any excess capital including investing in our businesses and capital management opportunity. To conclude, this marked another quarter of strong underwriting and investment results for The Hartford with core earnings growth at each of our main business segments and steady progress on the Group Benefits integration. Looking forward, we are optimistic about closing 2018 on a strong note with sustained healthy margins and the benefit of rising interest rates, although fourth quarter results will be impacted by Hurricane Michael. Based on claims received and inspected to-date, we currently expect our Hurricane Michael losses to be 50 million or less before tax. As a reminder, our original cat estimate for fourth quarter was about 55 million pre-tax. So we may come in above that number depending on our final estimate for Michael and any additional cat activity for the quarter. Finally, consistent with prior years we will provide a 2019 business metric outlook in February when we report fourth quarter results. Ill now turn the call over to the operator so we can begin the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Randy Binner from B. Riley FBR. Please go ahead.
Randy Binner: Good morning. Thanks. I guess the question and what seems to be driving the stock today I think is the commentary around high loss picks and workers comp. And I appreciate the straightforward way that you communicated it. And so the question I have is what kind of claims are we talking about here? So you have a pretty broad book. Is it kind of basic slip and falls, is it auto accidents, is it something else? You are addressing it and you are making a higher loss pick. So it will be helpful I think for me and others to understand what kind of losses are hurting you with less experience workers?
Chris Swift: Randy, its Chris. Ill start and Doug will add his commentary. I think the context on the whole discussion hopefully you sensed from our commentary is were starting in a very good position. This is a product line that is performing well. Its a large product line for us where we have great data and insights across the country. So as were trying to ascribe when we see a little pressure in the context of a particularly small and middle market, it is an overall manageable trend line through adjustments in pricing, through adjustments in underwriting as Doug would say. So I would like you and our investors to understand that the starting point is strong, its healthy and this is not a runaway train situation with loss cost trends and frequency. So, Doug, can you add some color on the types of claims were seeing?
Doug Elliot: I will. So, Randy, when I think about injury types and I look across and we have spent time looking across fractures, sprains, contusions, slips and falls, et cetera, we see general uptick in frequency across all those injury types. So as Ive described to you, we are looking deeply in the book. Were seeing some of those trends in both small and middle. But I cant sit here today based on the data and the reviews weve done and suggest here its only a couple of injury types. It looks a bit more broad-based and a bit more elevated in the experience worker defined by workers in position less than one year.
Randy Binner: And then the follow up I have there is that if those were kind of I guess higher frequency, lower severity type workers comp claims, is that having inflation from trial attorneys and medical costs or is it more just kind of a frequency thing?
Doug Elliot: We certainly feel like right now our severity is in pretty good shape. Were watching that carefully. This looks to us like numbers of accidents are up which is inside that frequency ratio and it looks isolated there. And I dont feel the external litigation as a factor. I feel injury and experience as a driving factor.
Randy Binner: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good morning. Thanks for the color on workers compensation. I had a follow up on that and this ties back to Randys question. Would it be possible to remind us either what the top NCCI hazard classes are or even talk what are the top classes which make up your workers compensation book?
Doug Elliot: Amit, let me try to just share a profile of our book of business. Ill let you do the work of NCCI. So obviously our middle market book is extensive classes; so construction, manufacturing, retail, wholesale. Essentially were in the entire middle market space with very few exceptions. So its broad based and certainly that would be the case for our small commercial market as well. We offer pretty extensive product and there are a very few sectors of the economy that we dont touch. So its not like were sitting here talking about a specialty based market that is lasered into two or three SIC Code. Thats not indeed the case with our book.
Amit Kumar: Thats actually very helpful. But the other sort of unrelated question and this might be for Chris or someone else. You talked a bit about Navigators and on the last call we had talked about harmonizing the reserves. Is there any update whatsoever on that process? And obviously you spent a quarter now or a few months. Do you feel any differently versus what you might have looked at that time? Thanks.
Chris Swift: Yes, as I said in my prepared commentary, were beginning the integration planning process and I think it would be realistic to assume that well look at what Navigators does between now and closing with any reserve positions and may our adjustments at closing. So there is really nothing that we can comment upon now until we own the property.
Amit Kumar: Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Good morning. Sorry, I also had a couple of questions on workers comp. Doug, I appreciate the disclosure. Youve kind of tried to say were back to where you guys were in 2016. Yet you guys are attributing this to pretty low unemployment levels, obviously more inexperience workers in the workplace. So the unemployment rate is obviously lower than what it was in 2016. So when you guys look at your book and what youre seeing out there, how do we know that this will not get worse?
Doug Elliot: Elyse, I guess I cant promise or suggest that I know exactly how the worlds going to play out in 2019. What we do think we have a good handle on is how 2018 is playing out. I would say to you that well have a great sense of where frequency lands for the 2018 accident year within a quarter or two into '19. These are not long developing estimates on the frequency side. Its claims in the door. The first quarter is relatively mature right now from '18. Second quarter is maturing as we speak. And so its a fast line to measure. The work were doing in terms of trying to predict and make our best assessment of '19 is going on as we speak which is why well bring it altogether in February when we talk and give you our predictions for 2019.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then you guys have often said and others in the industry as well just given the very strong possibility of comp thats where weve seen a lot of rate declines. Can this higher frequency give you the ability to get actuarial justified rate increases, or do you still think just given that the margins still seem to be even this uptick in frequency still pretty attractive that we will still see price declines in the business from here?
Doug Elliot: Elyse, youre right. The absolute level of performance across comp across multiple sectors is very healthy right now and certainly our book demonstrates that as well. The other fact is that as rates are worked on across the industry and loss cost trends are filed by the NCCI and carriers like ourselves are adopting multipliers and dropping our own experience over the top, theyre using prior experience periods. So as I look out across the various states and I think about the various effective dates for the changes dropping into '19, theyre still looking back at prior years which are very healthy. So were balancing that. Were obviously working levers in our own underwriting machines trying to make sure that our underwriters have the greatest sense of where we sense trends are. Were adjusting based on experience to the account, what we know about the class, et cetera, et cetera, and bringing all that to bear and making choices to either write, renew or to not offer a quote when we feel like the price wont match our fundamental economic goals.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then one last question. Overall prices for small and middle market did decelerate away from comp. Can you just give us a sense of whats going on broadly in the Commercial Lines market and would the Q3 pricing levels be what you would expect to continue into the fourth quarter?
Doug Elliot: Yes, I see a pretty stable environment non-comp across all the other lines and I expect to see that into the fourth quarter. So I dont see any drivers of change with the one exception that we continue to see weather in certain parts of the country and I expect to see a bit of tightening maybe in terms and also in pricing on the property side geography based.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Michael Phillips: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everybody. First question kind of to follow up on Elyses last question there, I guess more at a higher level if you could talk about. Your margins in the small commercial are clearly better and have been than the middle market. So if you could just at a higher level the difference in the competitive landscape between the two if you see any shifts in more competitive environment in general for small book versus the middle market book?
Doug Elliot: Relative to small what I would say is we have been a focused small business carrier for a long time. Its a combination of underwriting acumen, platform, speed automation, retail relationships, et cetera, and that formula continues although in this new digital age we are refreshing that for a world where customers who want to reach out 24/7 and be serviced in different ways. So that is the formula. I think thats driven our success and we clearly think thats a great foundation going forward with adjustments we will continue to make. In the middle, its been slightly more competitive. I think that has at least been the case in my career that the cycles have had a bit more maybe amplitude to them over time. We see a lot of  we do see competition there. I think weve been successful. We are clearly in the last five to seven years growing our product breadth. Chris has talked to you about what The Navigators will add to our dimension. I think our underwriting acumen continues to improve. Yes, its a challenging environment but I think weve got great upside and I see us as a key player in that market for the long term. So Im excited about our prospects. Whats happening now? I see these as kind of shorter-term challenges that well work our way through but I love what were doing in middle and I think were going to be a terrific player there.
Michael Phillips: Okay, great. Thanks. Let me switch over if I could to Personal Lines side, in personal auto specifically. Youre still getting a pretty decent rate there, maybe down a bit sequentially. But the core margins, core combines 96 or so maybe plus a little a bit. Are you where you where you want to be with profitability in personal auto? And maybe throwing kind of what youre kind of seeing from the competitive landscape. And on that line your drop-in pits [ph], what that means by your competitive position. Thanks.
Doug Elliot: From a profit perspective, were very pleased about where we are; pleased about our performance, pleased about the trends we see in our book. So just an aggregate performance comment that yes, were very pleased about today. The other side is wed like to be growing a bit more. And so as we have gone through, made changes to get the health back in the profitability piece, we know weve got to continue to adjust to get our new business stimulated. So we are keenly aware of that, focused on that, working every side of that as I have talked in prior quarters about what were doing inside our sales engine. What were working on the actuarial front and Ive now seen progress as Ive evidenced through the numbers Ive shared with our direct auto ARP growth on new over the last couple of quarters. I expect that to continue and were working hard to make that happen.
Chris Swift: Doug, I think you really pointed out too that we are spending more to stimulate response  responses are up, conversions are up, new business period-over-period is up. Were working with ARP differently about how we can begin to market to their membership base. The partnerships never been stronger or more vibrant in my particular point of view. And I think '19 growth will start to kick in, in a more meaningful way that youll be able to see, Mike.
Michael Phillips: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. First one for Doug. Just trying to get some confidence that next quarter were not going to be taking another charge for workers comp, you brought this up second quarter and then theres another charge this quarter. So just trying to understand what are you assuming  what exactly needs to happen for you to have to take up your loss pick again? Are you assuming positive frequency now? Where exactly are we?
Doug Elliot: Ryan, our accident year 2018 pick for comp, we feel very solid about it across all our lines of business and were assuming that our estimate of trends in those assumptions is solid and it will repeat itself in Q4. So thats about all I can share. I feel like were on top of what we need to. I dont expect any surprises but I also dont think were going to see a world return to negative frequency in the next three months.
Ryan Tunis: Got you, okay. And the other one is really just for Chris and its more just about  its I guess the stock price underperformance year-to-date, you guys gave guidance in February and I think youre going to exceed guidance in basically every single segment. Youve deployed capital. And I guess when you just kind of look at how the stock has been working, is there anything you think that you could be doing differently over the next 12 months that you plan on doing that Hartford could do better or differently that you think could maybe be helpful? Thanks.
Chris Swift: Sure. Im just going to tag onto Dougs last comment on the prior question on fourth quarter and basically heading into '19. Remember the frequency numbers we quote is a rate of change. Its not an absolute Ill call it numeric level of frequency. So my noneconomic analysis is we should not see a continued rate of change increase even at low employment levels given time does help with training or job skills. So as long as employment doesnt lag down to, say, in the 2.5% range I think there is a general level of stability in the workforce education training in the sectors that Doug mentioned. But again, its something to watch which again with our advanced data and analytics were all over. I think your commentary on the stock price, we share your frustration, if I could read between the lines. We think were doing the right things to create shareholder value over a longer period of time and were going to continue to do what we believe is right. And the only thing that Beth and I will particularly do is just spend a little bit more time with investors communicating, being crystal clear on priorities, execution going forward. So thats probably the big thing that I see that we could do at this point in time.
Ryan Tunis: So I take that to mean that you think the market is reading too much into this workers comp issue as a material problem at Hartford?
Chris Swift: Yes, I do. If I think about intrinsic value, if I think about cash flows, if I think about starting points on ROEs and margins, this is a modest pull back in a margin or a loss ratio point or two particularly as we head in '19. The fundamentals of our business are broad based business isnt really changing. If I look at benefits in the numbers weve been putting up there, if I look at all the organic product lines that weve been building that will add meaningfully to earnings going forward, again, I still believe were doing all the right long-term things and cant control short-term mark-to-markets and fluctuations and peoples views. All were going to try to do is to be as consistent as possible in producing the results that shareholders expect.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Thanks. Good morning. First question is on the Group Benefits. It feels like its been running ahead of expectations. I know there were some prepared remarks about maybe things were better development than expected. I just wanted to kind of get a sense for whether the loss ratio is trending more favorably and we shouldnt take that as kind of a run rate level?
Beth Bombara: Yes. Ill take that. So yes, we have seen on our disability book continued favorable experience and sitting here today wed expect from a loss ratio perspective to see some continuation of that. Again, if you look at our development there it definitely has been higher than we would have expected. But again a lot of that is related to more recent experience, so you so sort of expect that experience to continue in the short term. Its sort of different then when you think of longer-term P&C type liabilities where youre making adjustments on very old accident years that maybe dont indicate kind of current trends. So were very pleased with how that book is performing overall and like the momentum that we see.
Mike Zaremski: Thats helpful, Beth. Switching gears to homeowners; weve had a couple peers saw deterioration in the underlying, you guys didnt. But some of those peers also mentioned kind of trends that were negatively impacting the  they think the broader space in terms of more water and fire losses. Are you guys seeing any of that in your book?
Doug Elliot: Mike, our homeowners book has been running really sound this year. Weve worked on that for the last three to four years. So as we rebuilding auto both in the financial health and the product, we were also doing a lot of work at homeowner. So I attribute our strong performance, number one, to the underwriting actions, the earned pricing actions over the last couple of years. And then theres always volatility and this is a pretty good quarter. So Im not going to suggest that were not going to ever have volatility again in line but I feel pretty good about our homeowners line. And our ex-cat weather is running very favorable at the moment.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. If I can sneak one last one in for Beth. It sounds like Talcott from the prepared remarks had some benefit from capital markets and that could be choppy going forward and this might not be the run rate. Is that the right way to categorize that?
Beth Bombara: Yes, again, if you go back and look at when we owned 100% of Talcott and again look at the net income numbers, because again oftentimes people focus on core earnings which are a little bit more predictable. But well be picking up our share of their total net income which would include any impact of hedging. And we pointed it just could be volatile period-to-period, so I wouldnt want someone to take $2 million for one month and assume that thats sort of the run rate.
Mike Zaremski: I appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Thank you. Two questions. The first one is a quick one and you might have said it. Im looking at my notes for the dollar value number of the 3Q reset in workers comp versus the 2Q reset. I dont know if youve said that. But if you havent, if would be great.
Doug Elliot: Josh, I dont have that. What I did say is that our accident year '18 number in middle market is up 3.5 points over the '17 accident year number, thats 3.5. We did move that in the quarter. A couple of points. I dont have the dollar component of that but its just math. So its 1 million not tens of millions.
Josh Shanker: And thats all workers comp?
Doug Elliot: That was the workers comp Im talking about what we did.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And the second question, maybe Ill dig in a little bit. With the sale of Talcott, it looks like the mutual fund business still is producing the same type of earnings power. With that loss, are you going to continue? Is there any risk that those funds go away I guess? And that kind of dovetails into very strong corporate results, which I think theres a lot of moving pieces and I think its mostly Talcott related if you can sort of talk about what the going forward earnings power is I guess of the corporate segment and the mutual fund business post Talcott?
Chris Swift: Ill let Beth talk about the corporate segment. But on mutual funds, again I think you can see the Talcott AUM roughly 16 million-ish  billion, excuse me, been pretty stable. So there should just by our ownership change to new owners and in and by itself that will not going to change that relationship. Those funds inside the VAs are still managed by Wellington. So the only thing, Josh, there is just your views on how quickly has that block run off and what happens to the AUM if theres any changes in market conditions and performance. But I dont see much change right now. It should be pretty stable. Beth, can you add your color on --
Beth Bombara: Yes, so on the corporate piece, again, as you pointed out there were a couple of moving pieces this quarter. I think the biggest one really I think is the reduction in interest expense when you kind of think about that from an ongoing perspective. A lot of the Talcott balances that I referenced, some of those kind of net out with the revenue versus the cost that we have. So when I look at the quarter, a 45 million loss for Q3, I kind of see that run rate going forward of being around 50-ish is kind of probably a safe place to be. And obviously that will change depending on what happens with debt cost and then as I said what the actual income pickup we get quarter-to-quarter from the Talcott piece, because again this quarter it was 2 million. I would expect that to bounce around a bit.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Evercore. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Doug, just to comeback with a few workers comp questions. The pickup in frequency that you saw, was that just most pronounced in middle market or do you also see that in small commercial?
Doug Elliot: Tom, we also saw the pickup in small commercial as well, yes.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. And when you mentioned it went from negative to positive frequency, can you quantify that a bit? Was it a small negative to a small positive or a bit wider, the band?
Doug Elliot: The frequency trends really going back five, six, seven years, but even longer than that have generally been favorable and negative. So thats the overall industry and certainly our book has performed equally as well. So were talking single digit minuses going back in time. That did move to this moderate single digits, small-single digits, mid-single digits as we moved into 2018 accident year.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. And then just on the severity side, I think thats been coming in favorably for a while. Has that trend really been claimed durations or is that lack of wage inflation and would you still expect that to develop favorably on the severity side?
Doug Elliot: Tom, when we think about severity we separate the medical from the non-medical and both parts of severity look pretty much in check. So we are aggressively managing with our claim resources and talented medical executives inside the claim  the medical side and feel good about that, feel good about our workers compensation networks, feel good about our strategies and I think are doing a lot to control the medical costs inside our workers compensation environment. On the non-medical, our expectation and what were seeing in our trends is very moderated. So pleased about those trends, right in line with expectations and as an all-in basis the severity estimates are pretty much on top of what were seeing. So I feel good about the severity end of the story.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thank you. A couple of quick questions here. First, aside from workers comp you guys are still getting some reasonable rate and I know Doug you talked a little bit about some concerns about maybe GL claims inflation and you havent said it this call. Im curious what your views are going forward. But as I look going forward as that earned rate comes through, is there perhaps some offsets here with the rest of the commercial book on your kind of underlying loss picks versus whats happening with comp?
Doug Elliot: Brian, I look across and were spending time on our loss trends across all the lines. And yes, I have talked about liability in the past and were watchful of that. Weve seen a little bit across the industry not just in our book but others have talked about product, others have talked about D&O. Its a watchful area for us. But in general our loss trends across the non-workers comp line is basically in line with our expectations for the year.
Brian Meredith: And then are you seeing rate in excess of trend right now aside from workers comp?
Doug Elliot: I would say its more about equal to trend in the aggregate. And again, there is a property story off to the side of this with cat that we all have to come to grips with, right. Were disappointed in our cat results and have some work to do in our cat pricing, in our cat underwriting, et cetera. But that aside, generally I think were holding serve relative to our margins and our non-comp lines.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then one other just quick question, is there any kind of read through on sort of whats going on with comp over to the Group Benefits area, perhaps maybe the lower incidence has something to maybe do with the real good employment situation. Do you think about it that way?
Doug Elliot: Good question. We actually obviously watch for that carefully. Our incidence trends and group disability continue to run very strong, but we are watchful. But we dont see anywhere near or anything like what were seeing in workers comp but know that were on that as well in our group business.
Chris Swift: Generally, Brian, injuries versus true disabilities are uncorrelated except in high unemployment scenarios.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Thank you. Two questions on workers compensation. The first is and maybe correct me if Im wrong. I thought you said that you changed your loss pick in middle market but you did not change the loss pick in small commercial. Did I hear that right?
Doug Elliot: That is correct, Jay.
Jay Cohen: But you just told somebody else you are seeing increased frequency in small commercial as well as middle market.
Doug Elliot: Yes, our loss pick in total in small as we estimated trends and pricing in the year all-in contains everything were seeing including a little uptick in frequency in the first nine months of the year.
Jay Cohen: Got it. And then secondly on the claims system, you sort of suggested that because of the investments youve made in claims, youve identified trends quicker than you might have in the past. Can you give us a sense of how that actually worked? What specifically  what changes did you make that allowed you to pick up those trends?
Doug Elliot: Well try to do this in five or six sentences or less. Its a much longer conversation. But essentially we have now installed a new claim platform over our 5,000 desk throughout claim. And the ability to access what Ill call structured data and to slice and dice and be on top of it and to look at your metrics and watch your trends is much advanced from where we were five years ago. And so we have monthly and weekly discussions but were sitting on top of trends that candidly five years ago were very manual in nature to try to get our arms around and they were slower than wed like to them to be. And so its a completely different environment and one that I think is leading to outstanding claim performance.
Jay Cohen: Its an interesting topic. Ill follow-up offline on that topic later, but thanks for the insight.
Sabra Purtill: Thanks, Jay. I think we have two more questioners in the queue and so well finish those up. I know were running past a little bit on our time and theres a 10 oclock call, but we will finish up the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel from Janney Montgomery Scott. Go ahead, please.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Hartford, and thank you for squeezing me in. On the year-to-date catch up on comp in middle market, it seems like your deterioration was overstated sequentially year-over-year by Q1, Q2 adjustments. So any way that you can do it  the 300 basis points plus sequential increase, how much of that was catch up for comp?
Doug Elliot: So, Bob, the 3.5 points of change occurred over the three quarters, primarily the last two quarters because Q1 didnt change much. And essentially half of that change was in Q2 and half of it in Q3. So in our Q3 change of a couple of points, two thirds of that change would have related to the first two quarters of the year in terms of impact in the quarter.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. And thats just within comp. So overall you take  comp was 75% of the deterioration I think you said.
Doug Elliot: I dont know if I said that. Ill go back and think about that math. But I did say that our other lines are essentially holding and comp is the only line that weve made an adjustment to in the current accident year primarily. Beth?
Bob Glasspiegel: Great. Ill follow up with Sean afterwards. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Reitenbach from KBW. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Sean Reitenbach: Hi. Thank you. How well can you incorporate the trend of inexperienced workers into workers comp underwriting and pricing going forward?
Doug Elliot: Good question. We certainly can ask the questions of our prospective clients and renewable clients how fast theyre growing on the payroll side, how many new workers do they expect? So you can get a sense by looking at their payroll and their sales projections, et cetera. Sean, were trying to do all that and more today as we speak kind of leaning into this environment trying to understand where those sectors and those clients are that need a little more rate if theyve got a lot of inexperienced at the desk level or at the machinery level.
Sean Reitenbach: Okay. Thanks. Thats helpful. My second question on the Personal Lines other agency book, is that something you guys are looking to turn around growth in or should we expect that book to keep shrinking?
Doug Elliot: Yes, I think its the latter, Sean. Its a book we have. We dont want to call it runoff or discontinued per se but its probably  AARP has got 100% plus of our attention in energy going forward.
Sean Reitenbach: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, Id like to turn the call back to Sabra Purtill for some closing remarks.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. We appreciate that you all joined us today and we look forward to seeing you in the future. If you have any additional questions, please dont hesitate to follow up with the Investor Relations team. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dan and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford, Second Quarter 2018 Financial Results Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. Today's webcast will cover second quarter 2018 financial results which we announced last night. The news release, investor financial supplement and the second quarter financial results slides and 10-Q are available on our website. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have time for Q&A. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information on forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our commentary today also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement, which are also available on our website. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for at least one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Second quarter marked another strong performance for The Hartford. Core earnings were up 36%, core earnings per share rose 40% and book value per share excluding AOCI was up 8% since year end 2017. Our annualized core earnings ROE for the first half of 2018 was 13%. Earnings growth came from Commercial Line, Group Benefits and mutual funds including the lower effective tax rate. Personal Lines underlying margins continue to improve, but were outweighed on the bottom line by higher catastrophe losses. Despite higher cat losses in the first half, we remain on track to achieve our underlying margin and profitability outlook for the full year. During the quarter we achieved progress on several other important goals. First, we closed the sale of Talcott on May 31 just eight weeks ago. Net cash considerations of the holding company was about $1.5 billion. In addition, we retained a 9.7% equity stake in Talcott, which is carried on our books at $164 million at June 30. Second, the Aetna Group Benefits integration, about eight months underway is proceeding well. Given the complexity of the numerous activities involved, I am very pleased and impressed with the pace and overall progress. We are optimistic that we can reduce expenses by more than our original $100 million target. Beside from the integration, Group Benefits sales are off to a strong start in 2018. First half sales totaled $539 million, almost double from last year. This includes $7 million of life and disability product sales to Aetna Group Medical Customers. These sales are the result of our agreement with their major medical sales force to work with us and continue to market Group Life disability products to their customers. These results speak to the success of our cross sale partnership. We are also executing on a project across the company that are making The Hartford a customer centric and easier company to do business with. It's a long list with an emphasis on technology in digital tools, working in an agile environment. One example is in Small Commercial. On our ICON platform we have increased the percent of accounts that can be quoted on the glass. We have streamlined the underwriting process and reduced the time it takes to get a quote, which is an important competitive advantage in this market. Another example is the expansion of our underwriting capabilities in Specialty Product Orientation to achieve our goal of being a broader and deeper risk player. In middle market, we have grown in added industry verticals, responding to increasing demands from agents for deeper industry under writing expertise with a broader product suite. This aligns with our strategy to expand account rounding with our workers compensation policy holders, who value our claims and customer service capabilities. Examples of our focus on industry verticals include technology, a traditional strength at The Hartford, which grew premium 4.5% over the last two years. In addition, our construction practice has grown premiums 35% over the past four years. Lastly, we entered the energy market late 2016 and over the past four quarters wrote $24 million in gross written premium. These are just a few examples of our approach to organic business development. Taken all together, we sustain very good momentum this quarter in all our businesses. I am thrilled with our progress and our future potential. Last week we announced a 20% increase in our quarterly dividend. This decision was based on the strong performance of our businesses, the sale of Talcott and lower tax rates, consistent with our longstanding dividend philosophy. Last week's dividend declaration was the sixth consecutive annual increase and it will increase our dividend yield and payout ratio to be more in line with peers. With regard to other uses of excess capital, our philosophy has not changed. Investing in our company remains the cornerstone of our strategy. We want to achieve profitable organic growth, particularly where we have attractive returns and strong competitive advantages. Along those lines, acquisitions that are aligned with our long term strategic and financial goals are a compelling use of capital. Acquisitions can help build greater competitive advantages, add operational capabilities and accelerate earnings growth, compared with building a business from the ground up. For example, in 2016 we acquired Maxum, which allow Small Commercial to expand into the E&S market. In 2017 we purchased the Aetna's U. S. Group Life and Disability book, which was a unique opportunity to expand our market position while acquiring an industry leading claims and leave management platform. As I shared last quarter, when we assess areas of our business that could benefit from the accelerance of an acquisition, we have a focus on specialty lines and industry verticals in the Commercial Insurance segment that would expand our product sets in underwriting expertise. Since the recent sale of Talcott, there has been speculation and questions about future share repurchase plans. This is understandable as our prior capital management actions have included a large amount of debt reduction and share repurchases. While capital management remains a valid alternative, it is not our primary focus at this time. Therefore we have not authorized a new share repurchase plan. We will continue to evaluate options that will generate long term earnings growth at good returns. And if we conclude that there is not an alternative option to support growth, a share buyback plan could be put into place relatively quickly. But as I've stated previously, we will be thoughtful and patient regarding capital deployment with our focus on creating long term sustainable shareholder value, which is why we are maintaining the option of investing capital to expand the business. To wrap up my comments, The Hartford had very strong performance for the first half of the year, both financially and operationally. We are intently focused on continuing to execute on our goals and sustain our momentum through the second half of the year. I look forward to updating you on our progress over the balance of the year. Now I'll turn the call over the Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you Chris and good morning everyone. This was another strong quarter in property and casualty and Group Benefits as we advance our key business initiatives and address evolving market conditions. Commercial Lines had a strong quarter as we continue to balance growth with competitive market conditions. In Personal Lines improved auto trends continues, although overall results were hampered by catastrophe losses, and in Group Benefits we had another excellent quarter with strong favorable trends in Group Disability. Before I touch on second quarter results for each business segment, let me cover current and prior year catastrophe losses for property and casually. In the quarter we had $188 million of current year cat losses, $33 million higher than a year ago, driven by significant wind and hail storms in various regions across the country. Included in prior year development is the reduction of our estimates for prior year catastrophes, largely attributable to hurricanes in the third quarter of 2017. As a result of lowering these estimates, we no longer expect to receive a recovery against our aggregate catastrophe reinsurance treaty for the 2017 accident year. The benefit from the aggregate treaty was allocated to each business unit based on our estimate of ultimate losses for the full year. This quarter as you can see on page 13 of the slides, 2017 gross loss estimates decreased in both Personal Lines and Commercial Lines, causing total P&C losses to fall below the attachment point for the treaty. However, the decrease in gross losses was greater in Commercial Lines than Personal Lines, and therefore unwinding the aggregate cover resulted in net adverse developments for Personal Lines. Let me now shift into the results for our business segments. In Commercial Lines the combined ratio improved 4.5 points from prior year to 90.1, driven by a favorable prior year development, partially offset by slightly higher current year catastrophe losses and expenses. The prior year development was primarily due to continued favorable trends in workers compensation and lower estimates on catastrophe reserves as I just covered, partially offset by an increase in reserves for higher hazard General Liability exposures. This portion of our General Liability book remains profitable, but we are responding to an increase in loss trends in accident years 2015 through 2017. Trends in the remainder of our General Liability book have been slightly better than our expectations. The underlying combined ratio of Commercial Lines which excludes catastrophes and prior year development was 90, improving nine tenths of a point from last year. The improvement was largely driven by favorable loss trends, particularly non cat property as well as General Liability. This is offset by higher expenses and slight margin compression in workers compensation. Let me provide a few additional thoughts on workers compensation, touching on three important factors; frequency, severity and rates. First on frequency: In both Small Commercial and middle market, our frequency has been trending slightly higher during 2018. We see this as a broad based economic driven trend across many states and industry classes. Keep in mind that absolute frequency is still at historical low levels and margins remain attractive. However expanding participation in the labor market often means less experienced workers are on the job but driver of frequency. Second on severity: We continue to closely watch inflation trends for upward pressure on both wages and medical cost drivers of severity. Although accident year 2018 data is immature at point in the year, severity remains within our expectations. And third on rates: Loss cost in workers compensation have been quite benign for several years and as a result the NCCI and other bureaus have been filing negative loss cost changes in many jurisdictions. Industry rate filings are based on these loss cost trends and have put downward pressure on rates in 2018 and will likely do so in 2019. Combining these three factors we continue to expect some margin compression in our small commercial and middle market books of business. Since each of these businesses has unique market dynamics for pricing and growth, our approach to successfully managing these rate changes is also dynamic. In middle market and national accounts greater weight is placed on individual risk characteristics when pricing the account. In small commercial, pricing is more heavily weighted to class factors making book management a critical tool. Over the last five years we have significantly advanced our actuarial analytics and data science capabilities to improve our ability to identify these trends and respond confidently with pricing, underwriting and claims management initiatives. Given our strong margins and organizational capabilities, we will continue to execute a disciplined pricing and book of business management strategy in the months ahead. Moving to pricing in the quarter, I'm very pleased that our renewal written pricing and standard Commercial Lines was 3.1%, up from 2.4% in the first quarter of the year. As I suggested in my comments last quarter, we saw a positive movement in middle market across Property, General Liability and Workers Compensation with strong increases continuing to come from Commercial Auto. Our pricing and standard Commercial Lines excluding Workers Compensation was 5.2 in the quarter. Looking at our Commercial Lines business units, small commercial had another strong quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 85.6. Written premium was off slightly, the result of downward pressure on workers compensation rates and competitive market conditions for both new business and renewals. The margin improvement versus last year was driven by non-cat property, General Liability and Auto, partially offset by higher expenses. In middle market the underlying combined ratio of 94.1 improved eight-tenths of a point from 2017, mainly due to non-cat property and General Liability. This was partially offset by a modest margin compression in workers compensation and higher expenses. Written premium was up 3% over last year with new business production of $138 million. And in Specialty Commercial, the underlying combined ratio of 98.5 deteriorated 2.6 points. This was driven mainly by higher expenses and margin compression in national accounts and financial products. Written premium was up 9% for the quarter reflecting strong growth in bond and financial products. Moving to Personal Lines, the underlying combined ratio of 90.4 improved 2.2 points from a year ago, driven primarily by improvement in Auto and to a lesser degree better home-owners performance. The underlying combined ratio in Personal Auto improved 2.6 points to 96.5. We continue to experience relatively stable loss cost trends and we are satisfied with our bottom line performance. Personal Lines premium was down 7%. Consistent with my comments in recent quarters, our marketing spend continues to accelerate and we are focused on driving new business growth. In AARP Direct auto, our bellwether line, new business was up 19% in the quarter. This is an encouraging result as we focus on growth through new business and improved retention. We're implementing additional product and process changes throughout the remainder of the year that I expect will continue to improve our top line trends. Turning the Group Benefits we had another excellent quarter, with core earnings of $104 million and a margin of 6.9%. Drivers were similar to last quarter, including favorable disability results, lower tax rates and the contribution from our 2017 acquisition, partially offset by slightly higher life mortality. Persistency on our employer group block of business remains strong at approximately 90% and fully insured ongoing sales of $85 million were up from prior year. This was a solid sales quarter and we're pleased with our traction in the market. Our integration of the Aetna Group Life and Disability business remains on track and is picking up momentum. We began converting small case business to our current platform this month and we will ramp up those efforts throughout the year. The new disability claim platform now branded The Hartford Ability Advantage is expected to come online for new cases effective in 2019. As Chris noted in his comments, our expense reduction efforts are on track and as our business conversion process continues in 19 and 20, we are confident that we will be able to exceed our original savings target. In summary, this was another strong quarter for our property and casually and Group Benefits businesses. At the halfway point for 2018, I'm please with our execution and our performance. We are responding to loss cost trends with appropriate pricing action and disciplined underwriting. We continue to innovate in all areas of our business to deliver a superior customer experience, and we're committed to becoming a more relevant partner for our agents and brokers, with an expanded product portfolio to better meet customer needs and deliver profitable growth to The Hartford. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. My comments today will cover second quarter results for the investment portfolio, mutual funds and corporate, impacts on the quarter from the sale of Talcott and June 30 book value and debt leverage before taking your questions. Starting with investments, net investment income performance and yields remain steady. Per-tax limited partnership investment income was flat with the prior year at $39 million or an annualized return of 9.5% in second quarter 2018. Excluding LP's, the annualized portfolio yield before tax was 3.7%, down slightly from 3.8% in second quarter 2017 due to the impact of the Group Benefits acquisition. The P&C yield was flat year-over-year at 3.8%. Consistent with the first quarter, the yield on the consolidated Group Benefits investment portfolio is lower than last year, because acquisition accounting rules require that the acquired portfolio is mark-to-market. As a result, the annualized yield before tax, excluding LP's in Group Benefits was 4.3% in the third quarter 2017 before the acquisition, but dropped to 3.7% in the fourth quarter. This quarter the Group Benefits annualized portfolio yield was 3.9%, up slightly from first quarter 2018. This is the result of our reinvestment of the acquired portfolio towards our target sector allocation, with less municipal bond exposure resulting in a higher pre-tax yields. Investment credit performance remained excellent this quarter with no net impairments due to a generally benign credit environment and the credit strength and diversification of our portfolio. Turning to mutual funds, second quarter core earnings were $38 million, up 58% from last year, due to the combination of lower tax rate and higher AUM from positive net flows and higher market values. Income before taxes rose 21% as a result of the operating leverage in our operations, with a 6% increase in revenues, but only a 3% increase in expenses. AUM growth is due to net flows which totaled $1.9 billion over the last four quarters and changes in market value which totaled $8.2 billion. Our ETP business drove $500 million of net flows over the last four quarters. Hartford funds strong performance is driving the positive net flows with 61% and 66% of funds beating their peers on a three year and five year basis respectfully. Corporate core losses totaled $76 million, higher than first quarter 2018, due principally to a tax chew up for the reallocation from the business segments to corporate for the impact of non-deductible executive compensation. Income from discontinued operations was $148 million, up from $112 million in the second quarter of 2017. In the second quarter 2017 this represented Talcotts net income for the quarter. In contrast, in this quarter about 90% of the income reflected an increase in our estimate of the retained tax benefits from Talcott, due to a change in our estimate of Talcotts tax basis. This change increases our estimate of the value of retained tax benefits to about $830 million. Going forward, other revenue will include the return on our investment in Talcott, which will be included in core earnings and in the corporate segment, along with other Talcott impacts. The other impacts include beginning this quarter, income from investment management and transition services, as well as the related operating expenses. The amounts recorded this quarter reflect one month of activity and do not have a significant impact on the corporate bottom line. We expect transition services and stranded costs to decrease over the next 12 to 18 months. In total, The Hartford second quarter core earnings were $412 million, up from $303 million in second quarter 2017 due to higher commercial lines of group benefits and mutual funds earnings before tax, as well as a lower federal income tax rate. The effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was 19% in the quarter compared with 18% in the first quarter of 2018, due to a slightly higher proportion of income from underwriting results and taxable investment income, as all income other than municipal bonds interest is taxed at 21%. Book value per diluted share at June 30, 2018 was $34.44, a 7% decrease from December 31, 2017. The after tax unrealized gain on our fixed maturity portfolio at June 30, 2018 was $211 million, down from $1.8 billion at December 31. This decrease was due to the Talcott sale and the reduction in the market value of our fixed maturity portfolio due to higher rates and wider credit spreads. Book value per share excluding AOCI with $38.15, an increase of 8% from December 31, 2017, reflecting the increase in retained earnings as a result of net income in excess of dividends for the first six months of the year. The core earnings ROE was 8.4%, calculated using rolling four quarter earnings and average stockholders equity since June 30, 2017. On an annualized year-to-date basis, core earnings ROE was 13%, which is above our outlook for the year. Turning to our debt leverage, in June we called at par $500 million in junior subordinated debt, reducing our total debt outstanding by $323 million since year end 2017. Despite the repayment of debt and strong earnings, our rating agency debt to total capital ratio of about 30% was flat with March 31 due to the inclusion of AOCI in this calculation. Over the long term our focus is to reduce the rating agency adjusted debt to total capital ratio to the low to mid 20s. However, since it includes the favorable or unfavorable impact of AOCI, this ratio can be volatile during periods of changing interest rate. So we also focus on the total leverage ratio, which is calculated by dividing total debt, including hybrid the then preferred at par, by total debt and capital excluding AOCI. At June 30 our total leverage ratio was 25%, which is still at the high end of our long term goal. We continue to focus on decreasing this ratio over time. To conclude, we remain a very good path and 2018 with strong underwriting and investment results and success in both closing the sale of Talcott and the continued integration of the group manifest acquisition. I will now turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Dan, could you please repeat the Q&A instructions? Thank you.
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions) Your first question today will come from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
ElyseGreenspan: Hi, good morning. My first question, in terms of the commercial lines margin, pretty strong improvement this quarter. I was hoping we can get a little bit more color; if you can break down you know how much you saw coming from you know favorable non-cat property, also from liability and then also from the Auto, the three things you called out in the press release. If you can just give us a sense of the contribution from each. And then theres a 90 basis points of improvement just based off of how you see the rating environment and what's going on in comm. Is that the right level we should think about in commercial going forward?
DougElliot: Elyse, good morning. This is Doug. Let me try to tackle both of them separately. When I look across our markets, as I mentioned both Small and Middle had excellent non-cat property quarters, and Small about a point better quarter-to-quarter and Middle a couple of points, 2.5 points better, so significant drivers of positive performance. Small on the workers comp side about our expectations and I mentioned that just slightly we made an adjustment to our workers comp in Middle, about a Small amount. So when I look across, I feel good about all the non-compliance in the middle. We made an adjustment in comp and all in, a very, very solid quarter for commercialized relative to combined ratios. Can you repeat the other question a little bit more?
ElyseGreenspan: Yeah, well I guess I was just trying to think about you know going forward, is kind of the 90 basis points of underlying margin improvement you saw in commercial lines this quarter, is that the right level we should be thinking about or maybe adjust a little bit just for the favorable non-cat whether in the quarter?
ChrisSwift: Well, first off I think the improvement of 90 basis points was a terrific quarter and so I love to think we could outperform like that going forward, but that is  that will take experience and the next couple of months for us to be able to determine that. I am suggesting that we're seeing a little bit of turn in our frequency in the worker's comp line. So we expect to see some compression there, because rates are moving in one direction and frequency is moving in the other. So we're watching carefully what that means for our book of business and well take appropriate actions going forward. But as you know there are headwinds on the pricing side in workers comp, because those loss cost trends over the last several years are so favorable that they are dropping in state by state to the pricing algorithms and so we're making adjustments as appropriate there. So I feel great about our improvement in the quarter. I love to think we could continue with that, but thats going to take some time for us to show that and through the P&L.
ElyseGreenspan: Okay, great. And then on the capital side, I you know appreciate the disclosure about how you guys you know are now valuating you know M&A as well as capital return. I guess I also was wondering how you guys also think about managing down your leverage you know pro forma for the debt maturity that comes due early next year. Your leverage is probably still running you know in the high 20s. So how does you know managing down your leverage you know balance against if you end up with excess capital and how you're thinking about potential for buy backs?
BethBombara: Yeah, you know great question. So as we talked about before, we do you have maturing debt as you pointed out at the beginning of 2019, which our current intention would be to pay that down and we look at that combined with just the earnings power of our businesses. We believe that puts us on a very good track as we think about managing that ratio down. So I think we've done a good job you know in the past of using maturing debt, the opportunity for that without having to pay a large premium to reduce our debt outstanding and say just, well continue on that path.
ElyseGreenspan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Tom Gallagher with Evercore. Please go ahead.
TomGallagher: Good morning. First question Chris; just on that capital management commentary you made, does the priority of M&A over buy backs suggest that you'll see current attractive opportunities in M&A or is that more of the medium term comment that you'll patiently look for opportunities and like to build a bigger capital position while you wait for those opportunities.
ChrisSwift: Yeah, thanks Tom. Again, we were just talking about things that we've talked about before. So I would say it again. From the building the business, investing in our business, looking at acquisition opportunities, I mean that's been our consistent philosophy for a number of years now. So I'm not signaling any change you know one way or other. It's just sort of our playbook of priorities that we would go down on exploring. So I said in my prepared remarks, if we can't find a good use for our excess capital, we are more than comfortable in returning it to shareholders.
TomGallagher: Got you. So really no change is contestant with you know getting maybe to a bigger level of access before you consider using it for alternatives like buy backs?
ChrisSwift: Yeah, I'm not going to try to sort of size the level of capital here. I mean we just closed Talcott. We've gotten excess capital. You've heard Beth just comment about what we want to do with debt. Were comfortable where we are right now in giving ourselves a little time. I mean it's not -- we're not looking for years and years and years here. We just want you know the option and the flexibility to explore, using our capital to invest in businesses and/or new revenue streams.
TomGallagher: Got it. And then just a question on Group Benefits. From the disclosure in your Q, it looks like you had another good quarter of very favorable prior year development. By our estimate its more than half of the earnings for that segment. Now you've been having that favorable development for several years now, so it doesn't appear to be a one-timer; it seems pretty sustainable. So my question is, should we think about most of that development being recent in accident year releases or is a lot of that coming from recoveries of older accident years. Can you provide some perspective on how that -- where that's coming from and then maybe the sustainability of it?
BethBombara: Yeah sure, I'll take that. So again on the group side and specifically on the disability side as we look at our trends, you know we have been seeing favorable trends, you know more so in the more recent years as those exposures develop. You know I think in the disability block it's important to remember that you know theres a lag sort of in the timing of when someone goes on disability and then when they actually end up on long term disability. So we peg those lines and then looked at how the development comes in overtime. And our incidence rates and our recoveries on all those fronts have been very favorable. Its hard to predict obviously going forward, but we're very happy with the trends that we've been seeing you know as we kind of go into the second half of this year.
TomGallagher: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
JoshShanker: Hi there. I don't know if I'm going to get a better answer than the prepared remarks, but you talked about being more confident about the cost savings associated with the other transaction. You were formerly at $100 million. I look at about $400 million of run rate expenses coming with Aetna. Can you sort of break out whats in that 400 and why we couldn't expect half of it to go down or how we should think about that?
ChrisSwift: Josh, Ill just provide an opening commentary and then we could add additional color. As I said you know, in essence eight, nine months since the integration we feel very good about the integration, both from an operational side or go-to-market sales force side, customer retention side and all were signaling right now is that our nine month indication is that we most likely will outperform our $100 million target over a longer period of time. If you remember why we say a longer period of time is you know we're timing the conversion of a lot of these policies and books of business from Aetna paper to our paper over a two year period of time, so that we don't disrupt that customer base that we just completed installing their claim system and our technology and our hardware here. So the real conversion process just begins. So it is a little longer term than maybe a typical integration activity, given we're dealing with three year rate policy, three year rate guarantees and you know moving the entire administration platform into our network and our capabilities right now. But Id love to  yeah Doug if you want to provide any additional commentary Doug.
DougElliot: I think Chris that's a really good baseline. You know Josh, the number I have in my head for the Aetna baseline on cost is roughly 3.30. So when I think about 100 or 100-plus pretty significant change. In addition to what Chris said relative to us moving accounts, we are being very careful, trying not to disturb relationships of account managers and account executives on key Aetna renewals. So this is a multiyear process that I think we are very pleased about the initial nine months, but it is a several year effort and as we move through that period of time, I know we are going to find opportunities to be more effective and efficient in operations and well capitalize on those.
JoshShanker: And you know look there is always the numbers. You gave a good detail on what's going on in workers comp. You took down reserves there, but you took up your axe and your pick and then on GL you added to reserve and took down your axe and your pick. Im just sort of wondering how past information is different from what you're doing on the current accident year?
ChrisSwift: Yes, really good questions. So let me attack both comp and GL separately. When we think about our comp book of business and our reserves that we currently carry, we feel very good about the adequacy of our reserves. And in fact this quarter we did release some of those prior year reserves, primarily accident years 14 and 15, but our position on the balance is very solid and we feel good about that. When we are talking about accident year 18 we're starting to see some headwinds and we're looking at frequency which is a leading indicator and so we made an adjustment in middle market. But you know we're connecting the dots through the accident years and I just want to point out there's a difference in what we're caring and what were seeing today. So that's really what's happening in the comp world. In the General Liability world, are normal GL book is performing according to our expectations. What we did in the quarter, we have a specialized, high hazard, heavy products group in middle market and that is the book that we saw some increase in both frequency and severity in all of our accident years. So we took action to strengthen those years, those are high hazard books and I want to differentiate that from what we're seeing in our normal go forward GL book and there we continue to watch but feel pretty good about current conditions.
JoshShanker: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes in from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
JayCohen: Jay Cohen here. A couple of questions. First is the commercial issuance expense ratio that did tick-up. I understand on the Personal Lines side you are spending more from a marketing standpoint. What's driving the higher expense ratio in the commercial side?
ChrisSwift: Jay, Im looking at Doug, hell add his commentary, but I would just say we continue to invest in our infrastructure technology and digital experience for the customer. So yeah, it is elevated from trends over the years, but again it's a conscious part of our strategy. I would say particularly from the Commercial Lines, capability side we are probably 60%, 70% through of some of the core systems that we want to replace and I would say there are always true-ups from quarter-to-quarter on commissions, whether in essence be profit sharing or anything else you know commission wise. So Doug, thats what I would say, but what would you add?
DougElliot: Yeah, thats a large piece and there is a little bit of compensation in there Chris as well. So as we look at plans and we look at performance through six months, just some true-ups that we normal do. But IT is a driver and our continued to invest inside our businesses.
JayCohen: Got it, makes sense. The other question on M&A, without issuing stock and given your leverage, can you give us a sense of how big a deal in dollars you could do at this point?
ChrisSwift: At this point and really Jay Im going to sort of probably disappoint you a little bit and refrain really for a lot of speculation here, because its just dont do anyone any good. But I think the metrics that we talked about in the past, really are in the premium range, sort of a $2 billion premium company is still accurate as a target, as a bolt-on. So thats what we define. So thats why I would just say right now is that we are still in that bolt-on category and thats what I would leave you with.
JayCohen: And thats helpful Chris. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
BrianMeredith: Yeah thanks, so a couple of questions here. Chris just quickly back on the whole M&A thing, can you remind us how you think about kind of GAAP earnings accretion and when you kind of balance M&A versus share buyback.
ChrisSwift: Yeah, happy to Brian. And again we tried to address it in an early on question and its part of the equation. On the metrics on timeframes, payback periods, IRRs, returns on tangible, intangible capital. So we look at it all and Im not going to tell you there is a hard and fast rule, but we do want to earn acceptable returns as we always define it above our cost of equity capital in a relatively near term and we define that term somewhere in that three to four year period of time. So thats what I would say right now.
BrianMeredith: Great, thanks for that. And then Doug Im just curious, looking at your Small Commercial business, policy account retention has continued to kind of slip through the last call it year and a half, call it two years. Whats going on there and what are you doing to maybe improve that policy account retention?
DougElliot: Brian were certainly focused on both the retention and the new. You know theres a little bit of pressure in the micro space. I think weve seen more entrance in the micro and the small, but there isn't anything material that I would point out that is worthy of spending a lot more time on this morning. You know overall we've been very steady growers of this business organically over the past five years. I know in the quarter we are a little off. There's a workers comp dynamic to it, there's competition to it, but we're being thoughtful about this business. We continue to innovate. Some of the innovations that were dropping into our platform, I do expect will show progress and growth in future quarters. So I don't look at this as the full trend for the next couple of quarters, but I do remind you that workers comp is an important part of our Small Commercial platform and therefore we're going to be in a different pricing environment over the next couple of quarters than what we've seen in the prior, probably two or three years.
ChrisSwift: Hey Brian, I would also add to some of that trend that you are talking about policy counts and retentions influenced by the Commercial Auto environment broadly. So I mean there's been a little bit of -- my words would be pruning of mono line Commercial Auto. So that's affecting those trends a little bit and as you know that market is still not at adequate return, so we've been very thoughtful about putting additional premiums in that line of business.
BrianMeredith: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
GaryRansom: Good morning, I was going to ask for a little more detail on underlying loss trends. You did give us a little bit of a picture on workers comp and high hazard liability lines. But I wonder if you could just give us a sense of the entire array of what you're seeing? I mean is workers comp a good end of the lost trends still relatively benign and then what's at the worse end from your perspective? Is it Commercial Auto or is it some other liability line?
ChrisSwift: Good morning Gary. I would say that you know the reason I made mention of workers comp is we do have full attention on this frequency dynamic. As I think across the rest of the lines in commercial, yeah we had a little spike in our high hazard GL in our prior book, but generally all of our other lines are still in a relatively benign, low single digits, lost trend environment. So, I don't think a lot has changed as we looked at the quarter and are loss performance relative to trends and I spoke about the line that we saw some degree of change in workers comp.
GaryRansom: So there's a lot of talk about inflation, not just you, but other companies as well, and yet it doesn't really seem to be showing up in the numbers, everyone's concerned about it but it's not quite there yet. Is that something you're able to respond to realistically if you have the concern of inflation? Can you raise rates in Small Commercial or is that part of whats competitive activity is not allowing you to do that?
ChrisSwift: Well I shared our ex-comp pricing in the quarter at five plus and feel very good about that and I feel good about the Small Commercial component of that and the middle market. So we've been working at not only comp, but the other elements of our book-of-business from a pricing perspective over time and I think our performance demonstrates the progress of that pricing. Yes, it is a competitive marketplace, but the quarter we just punched, I feel really good about it. I think in terms of absolute performance, a very strong quarter Gary and I would say we've been able to price for what we've seen in the marketplace relative to the trend successfully over the last couple years.
GaryRansom: No doubt today was a great day, but I'm always thinking about tomorrow and what comes next.
ChrisSwift: I know, so are we.
GaryRansom: But I thank you very much.
ChrisSwift: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
RyanTunis: Hey thanks. Just a couple, I guess follow-ups on workers comp for Doug. I guess just what I was thinking about the commentary on accident year margin pressure on workers comp being a function of few things. It is safe to say though its still mostly the fact that pricing decision is good, thats probably the biggest reason why you are talking about the margin headwinds there?
DougElliot: What I would say that in 18, the biggest reason is really two fold; one is, yes we are watching these lost cost drop in and we're dealing with the state by state dynamics of where our loss experiences and what to do about our multiplier in these various states, so thats point A. Point B is that we've got a bit of an inflection on frequency that were watching very carefully. So two quarters don't make a full trend, but we've had a couple of quarters now of positive frequency and that's the first time we've seen that in several years. So there is full attention on what our own book of business is telling us relative to signals and frequency. As I mentioned the severities, signals look well within our expectations, so we're watching severity both medical and indemnity, but I feel pretty good about that. Just looking at the combination of both pricing and frequency, we are very focused on choices and options in front of us relative to workers compensation.
RyanTunis: Got it, and so you have seen a couple of quarters of positive frequency, should I take that to mean that I guess you are assuming in your new loss picks that there is positive frequency in workers comp?
DougElliot: So I don't want to spend too much time talking about reserving process, but in general we're looking at earned patterns. We use historical and we bring in current year, both severity and frequency as appropriate. So the reason we adjusted middleis that we're trying to make sure we're recognizing what we're seeing in our patterns in the first to accident quarters of 2018 and in the middle we're seeing a pickup greater than we expected, which is why we adjusted our reserves. Well have to continue to assess what third quarter and fourth quarter bring, but at the moment we made adjustments based on everything we could see in our book of business to make sure we closed up second quarter where we should have been from a loss ratio perspective.
RyanTunis: Got it. And then I guess a last one I had was just thinking about some of the favorable results and the other casualty lies this quarter like General Liability Commercial Auto. I remember you guys adding the reserves in those areas and I think on 14, 15 at one point that was sort of a headwind. Is there reason those results are getting better because you are finding out now that similar things that you saw back then didnt end up being quite as negative or is there something else driving that?
DougElliot: Yeah, probably lots of things driving that. I think our behavior and our discipline in the marketplace starts that discussion. I think we've become a very solid thoughtful underwriter using you know both skill sets at desk level and also data analytics, so I started there. Secondly, I think with Beth and Chris over the last seven, eight years we worked hard to be discipline on a reserving to bring forward, to the more current as we're looking at data. So I think our entire reserving process is much stronger today than it was over the last 10 years. Putting all that together, we're also trying to be very consistent in our approach quarter-to-quarter and the reflections of all those behaviors I think lead us to feel much better about our balance sheet today than we probably did seven years ago.
RyanTunis: Perfect, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Please go ahead.
IanGutterman: Hi, thank you. Chris, can we start out, just if I recall from the Q we have $2.3 billion at the holdco now. Can we just walk through what's left to kind of source activities in the second half versus the first? I know its up for the year, but I dont know what's been taken already versus what's left to come.
BethBombara: Sure. So again I'll remind you that with some of the actions that we did at the end of last year with the Aetna acquisition, that really decreased our dividend capacity for 2018. So we are not expecting dividend from P&C or Group Benefits in the second half of this year. We would expect to see a modest amount from mutual funds, but for the most part there is not additional dividend coming in from the subsidiaries in the second half of this year. And for P&C, because some of the Talcott proceeds actually went through various legal entities to get to the holding company, our dividend capacity for ordinary dividends in P&C really probably for the most part won't be there until the second half of 2019.
IanGutterman: Got it, and then do we have any tax sharing payments coming in second half or those all come in the first half?
BethBombara: Yeah, so a little bit, I mean obviously that would be dependent upon actual taxable income forecast for the second half of the year, but based on our current estimates, Id anticipate probably another you know $150 million maybe will come in the second half of 18 to the holding company. Again, that can bounce around just based on actual results. And then weve also in the past highlighted the fact that we will, we do anticipate a refund coming in 19 for our AMT credits and that will come in when we file our tax return which you know could be as late as September of 2019.
IanGutterman: I was going to as ask about that one too. So if I take the tax sharing minus the corporate dividends, would suggest you end the year somewhere around the 2.3 you're at right now at the holdco?
BethBombara: Yeah, maybe a little bit less than that depending on your other corporate actions  yeah, maybe a little bit less than that depending on you know other things that we might do relative to contributions to our pension plan that we make usually in the third quarter. But I'd expected it would be roughly around $2 billion.
IanGutterman: Got it, okay. And thats without the AMT, because that doesn't hit cash till 19.
BethBombara: Right, that would not be in the 2018 numbers.
IanGutterman: Perfect, okay. So Chris I guess, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more, I know you've already commented, but on the capital side, I guess I don't understand the harm in putting an authorization out there, even you don't have to necessarily commit to using it tomorrow. But let's just say that what happened with Facebook yesterday or the President or something or whatever and the market is down 20% in the next three months, wouldnt you want to have an authorization out there? Why dont you have it out there as an option? Just because you point out it doesnt say you have to use the whole thing.
ChrisSwift: You know thanks Ian. I understand your point of view, I do and youve communicated clearly. I guess the simplest way I can explain it is given our real intention and I understand you know the different scenarios that you just pointed out, but I wanted to be as crystal clear as possible. If were going to be buying shares and we wanted time to continue to deploy that capital into revenue streams if possible, we didnt want create any confusion. So that's the simplest way as I could say it and I didnt really want to signal that we were going to be in the market and you did the math on that holdco. We are not sitting on a lot of excess capital today, it does build over time. So as we sit here, here and now and project in the near term, I just didn't want to confuse anyone.
IanGutterman: No, that's right. I guess the one thing I had to push back on a little bit is that you dont have a lot of excess capital today. I mean it's a significant part of your market cap, right and you could do another Aetna and still be fine and then have healthy dividends for 19 plus AMT, plus tax sharing, right. I mean its generally when we project to the end of 19 you get to some pretty significant numbers. So I mean can you give us a sense of the timetable? Is there something every quarter we should expect another update on whether there will be a changer or we're going to have -- maybe you want to address it again until you give guidance for 19 or sort of when should we expect another update is maybe the best way to ask it?
ChrisSwift: Well Ian as you pointed out, I mean19 is six quarters away. Well have a lot of opportunities to communicate and interact and keep you posted. As you know I think we're very transparent. So all I would ask you to be is patient and we'll keep you posted.
IanGutterman: Alright. Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from a line of Jay Gelb with Barclays. Please go ahead.
JayGelb: Thank you. I will not ask about buybacks, how about that. First on pace of reserve releases, its five consecutive quarters that Hartfords been able to put up overall reserve releases. Is this something you think we should start taking in on a go forward basis?
BethBombara: So Jay, its Beth. I mean we said this before. I mean we evaluate our reserve every quarter and we make adjustments accordingly. We don't predict whether or not there'll be future reserve releases. We've been very pleased with the underlying trend that we've seen and we'll just continue to evaluate it every quarter, you know line by line which is what we do and give you the transparency as to where we're seeing either improvement or areas that we need to add.
JayGelb: Let me see, okay. And then broadly on asbestos with the new Talcott-related exposure for J&J, just trying to think about how that might affect Hartford if there were some old occurrence liability policies out there from decades ago. I know the company typically does its annual review in the fourth quarter and it does have the adverse development cover in place with Berkshire, but just want get any broad thought you might have on Talcott related exposure. Thanks.
BethBombara: Sure, so a couple of things. I'm sure it won't surprise you to know that you know we have a team that is constantly looking at emerging towards issues. And the alleged connection between Talc and ovarian cancer has been on our radar for quite some time, and we take into consideration you know all the facts that we know as we evaluate our reserves and an overall feel very good about where our reserve stand. As it relates to our adverse coverage, its one thing that I will point, we do have an adverse cover with Berkshire, but specifically alleged connections between Talc and ovarian cancer and exposure there is specifically excluded from that cover and we obviously take that into consideration. (Cross Talk).
JayGelb: Sorry to cut you off, but why is that, why would it have been excluded?
BethBombara: That was part of the contact and what we negotiated. So that was specifically excluded.
JayGelb: Alright so, I guess I can apply it was known about at that time when the deal was done?
BethBombara: Known that we excluded it?
JayGelb: Known that it was a potential exposure.
ChrisSwift: Jay its best said, weve been following this. I mean we have a world class claims team and particularly amass to our team, so a lot of these things arent new to us and we've been on it for a while.
JayGelb: I appreciate that, thanks.
BethBombara: Thanks. I would note we're coming up on the hour and we've got a number of other people still in the queue. So Dan, well take one more question now and then I can follow up with everyone else in the queue after the call.
Operator: Certainly. Your final question today will come from the line of Randy Binner with B. Riley FBR. Please go ahead.
RandyBinner: Thanks, I just had a couple follow-ups, real quick. Did you cover specifically on Commercial Auto, where you think price versus loss cost is now? And then the second one, the frequency in workers comp. I'm not sure I actually heard what it is? Is it people getting car accidents while they're at the job or is there some kind of slip and fall thing happening out there. You alluded to you had less experienced workers, but if there is a thing thats actually happening that causes the frequency at work, I'd be interested in that?
ChrisSwift: Okay Randy, let me take them each separately. On the Commercial Auto front, we're still getting strong single digit pricing in auto and I expect that to be on top of trends. So good news there from Commercial Auto -- still more work to be done, but good news in terms of where we are in the current quarter. Relative to frequency, you know I suggested that we believe there are some macro factors across the industry relative to employment and inexperienced workers that is driving the trend. It's going to take time for us to mature those observations and we are spending a lot of time looking at SAC class, geographies, size of risk, etcetera, etcetera, but know we are cost cutting the data very hard and at the moment it looks a little more broad based than just a couple of classes and we see this inexperienced worker dynamic where they tend to be injured in a more frequent basis than our more experienced workers. I don't think that's a surprise to anybody on the call. Its just a fact of something as underwriters we have to deal with every day in our risk business.
RandyBinner: Okay, but you can't point to it being you know  I mean so we've seen auto accidents creep into some other workers comp companies. So I'm just trying to just isolate that and I guess the answer is you don't know and then back on Commercial Auto, you said you are over trying to buy, like how many  roughly how many basis points do you think you're over pricing over loss cost in commercial auto?
DougElliot: Yeah, let me just go back to your first point. At this point I don't see the full connection. I don't think auto is driving our workers comp frequency increase. Well continue to study as it changes and Ill share that going forward. And secondly, we dont share specifically, exactly those points, but its a couple of points over the top of the loss trend at this point relative to pricing versus trend.
RandyBinner: That's great, thanks a lot.
ChrisSwift: But Doug Id make a point too that it's still not anywhere near where we want to be from a long term return point of view. So the current year and maybe the last eighteen months we were out earning loss trends, but there are still ways to go to get to an overall acceptable combined ratio.
DougElliot: I agree with that Chris.
RandyBinner: Thank you.
Beth Bombara: Thank you all for joining us today. I appreciate the attention to our earnings results and all the questions that you have. Sean and I will follow up with those of you who are still in the queue after the call. Thank you very much and hope you have a great summer weekend.
Operator: Thank you to everyone for attending today. This will conclude todays call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations Chris Swift - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Doug Elliot - President Beth Bombara - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Meredith - UBS Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Randy Binner - B. Riley FBR Meyer Shields - KBW Jay Gelb - Barclays Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs Amit Kumar - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning my name is Amy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford First Quarter 2018 Earnings Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Amy. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. Today's webcast will cover first quarter 2018 financial results, which we announced last night. The news release, investor financial supplement and the 1Q 18 slides and 10-Q are available on our Web site. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have time for Q&A. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information on forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are also available on our Web site. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement, which are available on our Web site. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's Web site for at least one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today. Our results this quarter were excellent with solid underwriting and investment performance. Higher pretax results were the primary driver of earnings growth with the added benefit of lower tax rates. Core earnings per diluted share of $1.27 were up 67% over first quarter 2017 and up in each of our four major businesses. In P&C, underlying combined ratio was improved for both commercial lines and personal lines with better auto results in each segment. In addition, lower catastrophe losses and favorable prior year development contributed to higher underwriting results. All of our markets remain competitive. But that said, we are confident in our ability to execute and grow in this environment. In commercial lines, the pricing trend is mostly positive and we achieved higher rates in property and liability lines. However, Workers compensation renewal premium rates are generally flat to slightly down, reflecting the favorable loss experienced of the last several years. Doug will provide more insights into pricing trends. Group Benefits core earnings more than doubled to $85 million this quarter, driven by improved disability results, earnings on the acquired business and lower taxes, offset by higher mortality on the life business. In addition, first quarter of 2017 had a guarantee fund assessment for Penn Treaty. Disability trends continues to improve but were offset somewhat by elevated mortality. We think this variation was within a normal range of mortality experienced, especially in the first quarter, which is historically more volatile. Mutual Funds posted excellent growth in earnings and AUM with positive net flows and healthy market appreciation from a year ago. Net investment income was up 10%, mostly due to higher invested assets with virtually no net credit impairments. Limited Partnership returns were very strong this quarter. Lastly, we are hard at work on the integration of the Group Benefits acquisition and the separation of Talcott Resolution. Both of these major projects are proceeding as planned with dedicated multidisciplinary teams working collaboratively and on schedule. We expect Talcott sale to close by June 30th. As a leading insurer of U.S. businesses and their employees, we benefited from increased employment in small business formations, particularly in Commercial Lines and Group Benefits over the last few years. We may see additional growth if the lower more competitive U.S. corporate tax structure increases GDP growth and employment. With regard to the quarter, I am pleased with our top line growth in Commercial Lines. Small commercial new business grew 8% with momentum in both our Standard Commercial book and Maxum our E&S specialist. The top line was just shy of $1 billion of net written premium, putting $4 billion annual level within range, and up from $3.2 billion in 2014. We expect Small Commercials growth to continue this year, including the impact of the recent renewal rights agreement with Foremost, which will take effect in July. This book is comprised of small commercial business segments that we know well and underwrite profitably. Combined with our best in class technology, customer service and claims capabilities, this deal will generate an attractive return for us. Group Benefits earned premium grew 66% this quarter from both the acquisition and strong new sales along with solid persistency. Our market presence across all customer segments has improved, particularly in national accounts, which we expect will help drive additional growth from expanded market opportunities. Looking forward, investing in our company remains the cornerstone of our strategy. We want to achieve profitable organic growth, particularly where we have attractive margins and strong competitive advantages. This requires developing better data and analytical tools and expertise, including leveraging our new claim system which some of you have seen in action. We also want to become an easier company to do business with. This requires investments, especially in technology. The technology initiatives currently underway include a new Commercial Lines policy administration system, which is a multiyear project. Another initiative is the integration of Aetna's disability claim system across the combined group benefits book. This integration, which is on schedule for completion by year-end, will give our customers market differentiating capabilities for absence management. With customers expecting us to provide digital service and capabilities similar to what they experienced at other companies, like Amazon, we must continue to build better digital interfaces for agents and policyholders. These investments will create faster turnaround times, reduce costs, improve ease-of-use and increase efficiency and customer service satisfaction. For instance, our automated certificate of insurance capability available 24x7 has dramatically decreased response times at a fraction of the cost from our prior process. Finally, before turning the call over to Doug, I wanted to spend a few minutes on our capital management strategy and objectives. With our business is achieving returns well above our cost of capital, I want to be clear that we prefer to invest for profitable organic growth. However, we will not compromise our underwriting or pricing standards just to grow the top line. We will remain disciplined. From a strategic perspective, we believe acquisitions can help build greater competitive advantages and accelerate earnings growth. The Aetna acquisition is an example of that, and were really pleased with its performance. However, acquisitions are often expensive, especially in today's markets, and they have execution risks that need to be clearly understood. Currently, our primary focus is in the Commercial Lines space where we are building broader risk and underwriting expertise organically. We will consider financially accretive acquisitions that accelerate these goals. And to-date the deals that we have done in commercial lines have been smaller bolt-on transactions. As the specific areas of interest, we are particularly focused on specialty lines and industry verticals. There are, however, certain product lines or businesses, such as reinsurance, that we do not currently view a strategic. That should not imply we would never buy a company that has a minor or small reinsurance portfolio, but it does mean that the majority of the business would need to align with or complement our Commercial Lines strategies. And it has to meet our financial objectives, meaning that we expect an acquisition to deliver returns above our cost of equity capital in a reasonable period of time. We measure that return by future earnings power and capital efficiency, including expense savings, improved underwriting results, growth synergies, other benefits produced by the acquisition. In addition to organic growth and acquisitions, capital management is an important tool for creating shareholder value. We have been and continue to evaluate the best use of deployable capital, including the anticipated proceeds from the Talcott sale. And we continue to weigh business opportunities against share repurchases and other capital management actions. Our goal, consistent with our track record of a balanced approach to capital management, is to optimize deployable capital for shareholder value creation while maintaining a strong balance sheet. And as a fellow shareholder, I assure you that we will continue to be thoughtful and disciplined in our approach. We will not make hasty decisions and we do not feel rushed to make long-term impactful choices. Rather, we will be patient and thoughtful regarding these matters. To wrap up my comments, 2018 is off to a great start with solid financial results and opportunity to grow in each of our businesses. I am excited about the many initiatives underway, and I look forward to updating you on our progress. Now, I will turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. First quarter results for property and casualty and Group Benefits were excellent, with each of our business units executing effectively against their priorities. Commercial Lines posted a very strong quarter as markets remain competitive. In Personal Lines, auto margins continued to improve. And Group Benefits had an outstanding quarter of strong core earnings growth even after adjusting for the Penn Treaty guaranty fund assessment in first quarter 2017. All our businesses benefited this quarter from favorable net investment income results, and in P&C lower catastrophe losses versus prior year. Let me provide some detail on our business unit performance. The Commercial Lines first quarter combined ratio was 93.3, improving 2.7 points from 2017. The decrease was primarily due to underlying margin improvement in auto, the result of pricing and underwriting actions taken in recent years and a swing to favorable prior year development versus adverse development last year. The prior year development was primarily driven by Workers Compensation where our loss trends have been favorable. Property and commercial auto also were slightly favorable. The underlying combined ratio for commercial lines, which excludes catastrophes and prior year development, remains very solid at 90.4, improving 0.5 point from 2017. Market conditions showed some signs of price swing in the quarter, yet continue to remain competitive. I remain pleased with our execution on the front-line. Renewal written pricing in Standard Commercial Lines was 2.5% for the first quarter, down 30 basis points from last quarter, primarily driven by small commercial workers compensation. Our margins on this book of business remain very healthy and renewal written pricing remains positive, giving us a strong foundation for competing in the marketplace. In middle market, renewal pricing was very competitive in January, but February and March showed more positive signs with prices increasing in all major lines in the back half for the quarter. I expect further positive rate movement in the quarters ahead for property and GL and continued strong pricing for auto, the lines most in need of margin improvement. Our middle market business still needs more rate and I suspect that we are not unique in that regard. We believe the appropriate path is to continue pushing for rate increases, consistent with long-term loss cost trends and to maintain underwriting discipline even though retention has come under pressure. Small commercial had an excellent first quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 87.5. Written premium grew 1% with $166 million of new business. This is our largest new business quarter in history, up 8% from last year. New business from the recently announced foremost renewal rights deal will begin in early third quarter and our team has been active in recent months working with agents to prepare for successful transition. We're excited about expanding our relationship with many of our current agents, while adding new partners through this transaction. This opportunity leverages the power of our small commercial platform to grow top and bottom line through inorganic consolidation, complementing the organic growth success we've achieved in recent years. Middle market delivered an underlying combined ratio of 92.2 for the first quarter, improving 1.6 points from 2017, mainly due to lower commission expense this quarter and slightly better margins in several lines. Written premium increased 4% based on solid retentions and strong new business production of the $141 million. The increase in written premium versus last year is coming primarily from our specialized practice teams, including our expanding construction and energy verticals. Written premium in our traditional block of business was essentially flat to 2017, impacted by continued soft pricing and excess market capacity. In Specialty Commercial, the underlying commodity ratio of 97.5 was flat to 2017 as slight margin deterioration in financial products and national accounts was offset by lower commissions, driven by the mix of business. Written premium was down 2% for the quarter, largely due to a decrease in bond, which had a very strong first quarter of 2017. Personal Lines continues to show progress with an underlying commodity ratio of 89.8 for the first quarter, improving 1.4 points from a year ago. In Personal Lines auto, the underlying combined ratio was 94.2, 2.4 points better than 2017. Loss cost trends remain within our expectations in the low single-digit range. Im increasingly positive about our improving financial performance in recent quarters. Returning to written premium growth for Personal Lines remains a priority for us. Our higher expense ratio in the quarter reflects our increased marketing efforts and ARP direct auto. Early response rates have been strong, but our conversion ratios are not where they need to be for us to grow. We have a number of initiatives underway to lift our close rate, and I expect new business to increase over the course of 2018 as our price increases continue to moderate as well. In Group Benefits, core earnings for the quarter were $85 million with a margin of 5.6%, driven by favorable disability results, the recently acquired book of business from Aetna and lower tax rates, offset by higher mortality in our life book of business. The lower disability loss ratio reflects better than expected incidents and recovery trends across multiple action years. This favorability was offset by higher life loss ratio. There are two drivers here. The most significant factor accounting for approximately two thirds of the increase is the mix of the Group Life book toward larger accounts, resulting from the Aetna book of business. We expected these large accounts have a lower expense ratio and run a higher loss ratio consistent with our own historical national accounts experience. The second factor is slightly higher mortality this quarter across the entire life book. At the moment, we see this as normal volatility and we will monitor it carefully to ensure that we react appropriately if necessary. Persistency on the combined employer group block of business was approximately 90%. Fully insured ongoing sales were very strong at $454 million. It was an excellent sales quarter across all market segments and product lines, with an especially strong start to the year in voluntary. As Chris shared, were very pleased with the pace of our integration on the Aetna Group Life and disability business. Our go forward leadership team is in place. We are currently installing Aetnas disability claim platform on our infrastructure, and plans to begin converting business in early 2019 are on track. On an annualized run rate basis, weve achieved $60 million of the $100 million target for expense reductions consistent with our goals. A large portion of this comes from the corporate cost and IT finance and marketing. We have also solidified our line of sight to the balance of our target reductions in claim, product, underwriting and other business functions. All-in the integration has been very successful thus far. The teams have become one and we are executing effectively, both internally and in the marketplace. In summary, we were off to a very solid start in first quarter 2018 across all our businesses. We remain focused, disciplined and balanced in our execution to deliver profitable growth. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug, I am going to briefly cover first quarter results for the investment portfolio, mutual funds and corporate, and provide an update on the Talcott sale before taking your questions. Core earnings for our P&C and Group Benefits businesses included continued excellent investment results both from an income and credit perspective. For the quarter, net investment income totaled $451 million, up 10% over the prior year quarter, primarily due to the fourth quarter 2017 Group Benefits acquisition, which added about $3.4 billion in invested asset to the portfolio. In addition, LP investment income was up $15 million with annualized returns of about 19% compared with 16% in first quarter 2017. As you may recall, our outlook for LP return is about 6%, reflecting a longer term view and the expectation that returns may moderate as the cycle progresses. Excluding LPs, investment income was up 7% and the portfolio yield was 3.7%, down slightly from first quarter 2017 due to the impact of the Group Benefits acquisitions. As a reminder, the acquired investment portfolio was mark-to-mark on the date of the acquisition, reducing the portfolio yield and group benefits, excluding LPs, from 4.3% in third quarter 2017 to 3.8% in first quarter 2018. P&C investment yields, excluding LPs, were essentially flat over the last year averaging 3.7% in first quarter 2018, which is also consistent with reinvestment rates in the quarter. Looking forward, we expect to forecast yields over the balance of 2018 to be relatively consistent with 2017. My final note on the investment portfolio is that credit performance remains strong with no net impairments in the quarter and only $8 million before tax over the last four quarters. The low level of impairments reflects an overall benign credit environment and the careful underwriting of our portfolio. Turning to mutual funds, first quarter core earnings was $34 million, up almost 50% from last year due to combination of lower tax rate and higher investment management fees. Income before taxes was up 23%, reflecting 17% increase in investment management fees, driven by higher average assets under management. Investment performance remained strong with 68% of Hartford Fund beating their peers on a five year basis. Net flows totaled $678 million in the quarter, including particularly strong flows in exchange traded products, which totaled about $194 million this quarter compared with $22 million in the first quarter 2017. Core losses for the corporate category totaled $66 million, up from $52 million in first quarter 2017 due to the impact of lower tax rates. The loss from continuing operations before income taxes in corporate was actually $10 million lower than last year, but the offsetting tax benefit was $21 million lower due to the reduction in tax rates. During March, we completed two debt transactions, repaying $320 million of 6.3% senior notes and issuing $500 million of 30 year senior notes at a coupon of 4.4%. Looking forward, this June we will call at par $500 million of hybrids with a coupon of 8% and 18%. As a result of these transactions, interest expense will decrease by $2 million before tax sequentially in the second quarter and then decrease by an additional $8 million before tax per quarter beginning in the third quarter. Taken together, these actions will reduce outstanding debt by about $320 million by the end of the second quarter and reduce our average coupon rate and total annual fixed charges. At March 31, 2018, our rating agency adjusted debt to capital ratio, which takes into the account pension liabilities, equity credit for hybrids and AOCI, was 29.9%, up from 28.8% at year end. The increase is primarily due to the impact of higher interest rates reducing AOCI. Total debt to capitalization, excluding AOCI, was essentially flat at 27.9% compared with 28% at year end. Through earnings and debt repayment overtime, we expect to reduce our rating agency debt to total capital to our target in the low to mid 20s. In total, first quarter core earnings were $461 million, up $173 million from first quarter 2017. Core earnings benefits from higher P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds pretax earnings, as well as the lower corporate tax rate. On a pretax basis, core earnings rose about 48% or $183 million, while income taxes only increased $10 million as the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations decreased from 24% in first quarter 2017 to about 18% in first quarter 2018. The core earnings ROE was 7.8% this quarter compared with 5.1% a year ago. Keep in mind that this is a trailing 12 month calculation not an annualized return for the quarter, so it includes the impact of high catastrophe losses in the last three quarters of 2017, as well as the higher corporate tax rates last year. As we have stated previously, we expect the 2018 core earnings ROE to be in the 11% to 12% range. Book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, was $36.71, up 4% from December 31 2017 due to the impact of earnings less dividends. Book value per diluted share was $36.06, down 3% from December 31, 2017 as higher interest rates reduced AOCI. I know many will look at all in book value for P&C companies, so as a reminder, our March 31, 2018 shareholders equity includes $892 million of AOCI for assets that are part of Talcott. Therefore, we would expect June 30, 2018 book value per diluted share to be reduced by about $2.45 from March 31, 2018 upon the closing of the sale. As an update, the Talcott sales process remains on schedule to close by June 30th. As part of the regulatory approval process, the Connecticut insurance commissioner has scheduled a hearing for May 17th after which the state has up to 30 days to issue a ruling. Aside from the regulatory approval, the work to separate Talcott is well underway. Under the terms of the sale, we will continue to provide certain transition services to Talcott for up to two years, and we have a five year contract to manage their investment portfolio. The fees and expenses for those services will be included in our corporate segment going forward. After expenses, we expect that the Talcott sale will generate net cash proceeds to the holding company of approximately $1.7 billion, including $300 million of pre-closing dividends. In addition, the holding company will retain total tax benefits of about $700 million, including NOLs and AMC credits. To conclude, the first quarter was a good start to the year with underwriting and investment results remaining quite strong despite catastrophe losses higher than our outlook. While the capital markets have been more volatile recently, like most insurance companies, our investment income will benefit from a higher rate environment overtime so long as inflation trends are modest. In addition, equity market values remain high helping generate strong returns on our private equity limited partnership portfolio. I will now turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. Before the operator Amy gives the Q&A instructions, I wanted to remind everyone of our upcoming Annual Shareholder Meeting on May 16th. Please remember to vote your proxies. Amy, could you please repeat the Q&A instructions?
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Jay, your line is open.
Jay Cohen: As you think about M&A in the commercial business, Id love to get a sense of past deals, well, specifically Maxum. I guess thats around the larger ones youve done, in the commercial business. Can you -- and it disappears within your organization. Can you give us a sense of the returns youve been able to generate since youve acquired that? And then secondly the smaller question, with Foremost, I think that premiums there were roughly $200 million. Any sense of how much you expect to keep on renewal?
Chris Swift: On both these, we will tack in between Doug and myself. On Foremost, it is about $200 million block of premiums, and a lot of it depends on the persistency and the rollover. I think we feel very good about signing up the agents and in their authorization, and more importantly data to easily quote this. So its hard to predict. But I suspect well keep 75% of the overall book long-term. On Maxum, I would say that was relatively a small deal. And if you remember, it was approximately $200 million-ish we spent. We went through some level of restructuring and shutting down certain aspects of their business model, really to build the new small commercial E&S model, which were very pleased with. I think on earnings basis to think about it, were making about $10 million to $15 million after tax in core earnings. Weve avoided some businesses that were unprofitable and were really excited about the opportunity to integrate E&S into our quoting platform. Doug, what would you add?
Doug Elliot: So on the Foremost piece, Jay, mid-17s would include some shock loss from our normal run rate retention in small. So were anticipating that. We wont -- well not run as strong as we run our normal retention, very excited about that. And as we talk about early third quarter just so you're all aware, we're quoting 90 days out in advance. So we're actually right now in market quoting July actively, but the premium wont hit the books for a couple months. On the Maxum side, very strategic opportunity for us. We didn't have E&S talent in this organization, we didn't have relationships on the distribution side. And we clearly wanted to challenge ourselves with a product breadth opportunity in the small commercial and middle market arena. So just getting started many of you know that we now have expanded our product capability in small, including an E&S opportunity on our ICON quoting platform very excited about the early days but well be talking more about it over time. I think it bodes well and it has a bigger opportunity for us to be a broader deeper player in small commercial over time.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian, your line is open.
Brian Meredith: I guess first quick one for Beth. Can you remind us what is the stranded cost from Talcott, how much that was in the quarter and how that is going to be running off here over the course of next 12 months to 18 months?
Beth Bombara: So when we think about cost and again stranded cost, we think about as costs that were allocated to Talcott overhead cost and obviously would not go with the transaction. And on an annualized basis, we see that in the $35 million to $40 million range, and thats pretty even across the quarters. And our expectation is over the next 12 months to 18 months, well see those costs reduce. Again, we will be providing some transition services to Talcott over that period as well and being reimbursed for some of those costs as they continue to use some of our infrastructure. So well have a slight offset to that but its in that range.
Brian Meredith: And those are sitting in your corporate line item right now?
Beth Bombara: Yes, we have that [technical difficulty] and theyre included in core earnings.
Brian Meredith: And then Chris, Doug, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more about just the competitive environment out there. What's happening with workers' comp insurance? Clearly, an areas that you're seeing some pressure on pricing. Is it worse than youd anticipated, is that at all questioning maybe where your underlying combined ratio guidance is for the year for the commercial space?
Chris Swift: Brian, I just quickly then get out of the way and let Doug share with you his thoughts. But as we sit here today, as I said in my comments, we got off to a terrific start and we feel really good about our ability to execute and in a competitive complex environment. So all the guidance that weve provided or drivers, we still feel very good about. And in fact, if you saw in certain drivers, whether itd be combined ratio and personal lines or commercial lines, were outperforming. But there will be a little bit of a reversion to the mean over the next nine months. But Im really pleased with the team, how were standing up and new capabilities, new product sets and being disciplined while were pushing for more business with our distribution partners. But Doug what would you add technically?
Doug Elliot: A few things start with very pleased with the way the first quarter pricing trends ended. So Brian, a bit disappointed in our January performance on pricing, made some adjustments, looked at our book harder and feel really good about progress we made in February and March. And I expect that progress to continue into the second quarter. Secondly, I would always ask you to continue to think about small commercial versus middle over our other markets, so different dynamics, different pricing issues across those and different mixes for us in those areas. And then obviously there is a workers comp versus the non-workers comp. So were pleased with our February-March pricing and see some lift in property, GL, continued in auto and I expect that to continue. I expect that to continue over the next three quarters, particularly as I shared in my script, in middle market we need right net book. Our non-specialty middle book needs more rate and we intend to go after and chase it and do the right things. Relative to comp, our numbers across our markets but especially in small commercial and workers comp, are very good, very good. And they are also very good across industry in general. So this is leading to the pressure on your rates. Its leading to experience factors for insurers that are looking more favorable. And because of that, I think we have a more competitive marketplace. The other thing just in closing we are watching loss trends very carefully, and they have been consistently in a very good spot for an extended period with workers comp. Little bit of frequency uptick back to more zero range in last couple quarters. And clearly, there are inflationary pressures around that we are watching medical carefully. So when I put them together, yes, I think there are some things that probably will cause some compression in workers comp line. But relative to where we are, I feel like we are working our leverage being thoughtful about our territories and doing everything we can to understand the dynamics of the line and make good choices going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Kai, your line is open.
Kai Pan: My first question is on personal auto. You have made great improvements in the margin side. Is that increased spending to show your confidence you fill your margin at the targeted levels, you want to grow top line a little bit faster? And will that spending, not just you but also some of your peers, as well as the potential say mandate lead to reductions post the tax reform, actually your growth on the margin improvement you have made?
Chris Swift: We are feeling good about the progress were making in personal lines auto. And yes, you see the impact of some of our leaning and on the marketing side, because our expense ratios are up in the quarter. So our loss improvement is greater than the aggregate, the sum total of the change in the line of auto. So feeling very good about that, still more work to be done, and we think we will improve our close ratios over the latter half of the year as our pricing moderates, because our rate adequacies are getting better and better by the month. So we finished 2017 with roughly two-thirds of our book in a very solid position relative to rate adequacy. And as we move to the next four quarters, well complete that journey and are going to feel very good. So youll see more moderate rated rates in our pricing profile with Personal Lines auto and as such, I expect our new business levels to grow accordingly.
Kai Pan: My second follow-up question, probably for Chris. Thank you so much, very clear on -- your capital management priorities. I just want to drill down a little more specific. With the closing of Talcott, is there some investor anxieties on potential large deal. Could you discuss under what circumstances you would use stock to do the acquisitions. What are some financial hurdles you will need for large deals versus small cash acquisitions?
Chris Swift: I hope we have enough time to talk through it. But what I would share with you is as I said in my commentary, capital management is important you know our priorities as far as organic growth, M&A and then returning the deployable capital to shareholders. But as it relates to M&A, I would share with you couple of themes that we've talked about in the past. We tend to think in terms of more bolt-on activities or extensions into adjacent markets. We talked about premium levels in the billion dollars, maybe even up to $2 billion of premium that a target we would have. We have a good team. We have models that watch market activity. So I can tell you as we sit here today, we don't think about using stock in a transaction, because generally a lot of the things that we think about that could be actionable at some point in time in the future are probably less than the $4 billion range. So that tends to be our sweet spot. And as I said, we're patient about exploring opportunities. Were thoughtful about exploring opportunities. There is a lot of things that we see that -- just the numbers don't work the math can't work based on expectations of value. So all I could tell you is that well continue to be thoughtful and disciplined about deploying capital to create shareholder value.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse, your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, there has been some headlines about the NCCI pushing for basically price cuts within comp following on tax reform. How does that factor into your pricing and margin outlook on your comp business for this year also and as you think into 2019?
Chris Swift: Elyse, as we shared last quarter, we largely see tax reform working its way through the P&L in 18. But over time we and others I'm sure are adjusting inside our pricing models for the new tax rates. And as such, as we go through filings, well appropriately make sure that we have the right tax rates in our filings as well. I look at the last three to four years of comp experience and I think of how favorable, basically the aggregate environment, has been for comp as a line. And I think that's the real fuel driving this loss cost trend that is dropping through these filings. So we have worked and continue to work hard on our claim confidences, our underwriting profile, understanding our segments, et cetera. But I wouldnt sit here today and suggest to you that there isnt downward pressure on pricing and workers comp, there is. I would say to you that when I think about it relative to our markets, we have a bit more flexibility at the risk level in middle. And so based on the characteristics of the risk, there is a bit more underwriter judgment involved. Clearly, our small commercial world is a bit more spot-rated. So there are a number of competing dynamics across, but the line in total had a good first quarter for us. Were watching our trends. But it wouldnt surprise me if there is some compression in the line over the next latter half for the year into '19.
Beth Bombara: And I think Doug the only thing Id add to that is you always start with the fact that overall we see workers compensation as a very profitable line for us. So even with some of that pressure, were still very comfortable writing business in that line and growing in comp.
Elyse Greenspan: And my second question, Chris in terms of your M&A comments, very thorough. You did say that you guys would -- depending upon the duo and what it could bring to, you will be willing to take on a small amount potentially of reinsurance exposure. Just wanted to clarify that comment. Would that mean small amount in terms of the pro forma fitness when you think about Hartford after a deal or do you mean you would consider a deal of acquiring something and the property that you would acquire would only have a small amount to bring insurance?
Chris Swift: Elyse more of the latter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Josh, your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Two questions that are in-related, I promise no follow up. First, the 10-Q used some materially different language to talk about buyback compared to the 10-K. The 10-K from February said that the Hartford does not expect to offer rising equity repurchase plan in 2018. While the 10-Q filed yesterday nearly said the company does not have an equity purchase plan yet in 2018. Have you changed your stance on 2018 buyback, which of course I think you should do. And secondly, there is a press and investors have commented that you appear to have been interested in XL. Im not going to ask about that. But also buyer of XL told everyone a year earlier that they are only interested in smaller bolt-on deals and large transactions would surprise the market. How much flexibility are you giving yourself in regard deviating from your self-imposed rules around acquisitions?
Beth Bombara: Ill take the first question and then Ill leave the second question for Chris. But yes, the language that is in our 10-Q was an intentional change. And as Chris said, share repurchases can be an effective use of excess capital, sustain the fact that we do not have an authorization in place today, does lead open the possibility that we could have on authorization in place at some point in 2018.
Josh Shanker: And second part about rules and flexibility.
Chris Swift: I would say again here, as we sit here today, we are focusing on the bolt-on category. I cant predict what may or may not develop in the future. So as long as there is understanding about the strategic and the financial hurdles and discipline that we have with our shareholders, if we flex up in size in any way just know that well continue to have high bars for performance, high bars for our alignment on strategy. I can't for shadow a scenario right now where we would do something in that major transformational area. Its just there is not that much that's actionable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Randy Binner with B. Riley FBR. Randy, your line is open.
Randy Binner: I wanted to ask about sales in the group, which were good and better than expected. And one of the risks of the integration with Aetna is losing shelf-space with distribution. So the question is how is that distribution, communication, and interaction process going? And is there a potential here for you not to have these premium lapse assumptions kick-in if sales continue to trend better than expected?
Chris Swift: Randy, let me just -- I'll ask Doug to add his color. Again, the strategic logic of putting is to benefit business together has never been stronger or more confirmed with our activities over the last four or five months, whether itd be feedback from distributors, whether itd be using their claim system, whether itd being creating a team that is really motivated to lead the market and create new opportunities to serve customers. I think we got great alignment around the organization. I would also tell you that our distribution partners and what they share with us is that they have a high degree of confidence in our ability to integrate and continue to serve their existing customers. And Doug, I think you and I see that we're being shown a lot of new opportunities and maybe in the past a standalone Hartford would not have seen, but Randy that's my perspective. Doug, what would you share?
Doug Elliot: Super sales quarter for us, and I would first comment that both the Hartford and Aetna had very strong sales quarter. So on a standalone basis would have had a terrific start to the year, but also Aetna likewise, particularly in the phase of what they're going through last year, had a good sales quarter. So you put the two together and we really start 2018 strong. Secondly, our pipeline has never been stronger. So we are active in working on proposals now. Obviously, there is a lot of activity around the latter half of 18 effective and 19 deal date. So Chris and I participate in many of them but our team upstairs is fully engaged; number one, on the sales side and new sales; and secondly, I think there was a piece of the end of your question about retention. So we're also working on our renewal strategy. And we were out in market with several renewal quotes on our 1119 national account jumbo deals as well. So we feel very good about it. I will be with the team in Colorado in a few weeks at EBLF engaging locally, I love what our sales and support teams are doing. We have lot of work in front of us but we feel really good about the last hundred days of progress.
Randy Binner: And so I guess my follow-up on those comments, I guess I would characterize them as new product. So does this new platform position you to introduce new and different products into the group market, maybe move more toward supplemental, is that something that this might enable?
Doug Elliot: There was a word at the end of one of my sentences in the script that I want to make sure, I highlight here. Were very pleased with our growing momentum in voluntary products. So we've worked hard to build out our voluntary suite and in 1119 had terrific success. And if you look in our stuff, you can you look at the other sales growth below disability and Group Lines, and see a little bit of that momentum. Now, its small so were just starting against $5 plus billion base, it's not something that is going to be huge any time soon. But the interest in that product, our ability to launch and service, the generation of new demand, were very excited about. And I think it will be an opportunity across both books of business, including Aetnas.
Chris Swift: Randy, just a simple fact is again we have 20 million customers in the book of business now. So what weve talked about and as Doug referred to what we've been building patiently voluntary products additional A&H products, other services that we can bring to that product set, including lease management on a more integrated basis. All of that has been on our vision and we're really beginning to execute to it that I think will really accelerate our growth and our profitability.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Meyer, your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Two quick questions, first obviously P&C results were very strong. But Im wondering whether you also saw some adverse impact from non-cat fee weather in the quarter?
Doug Elliot: Our non-cat weather pretty consistent with prior trend, so we didnt have the same dynamic maybe others as spoken to, but there was clearly a lot of weather in the month of March and we looked across our footprint, we feel good about our cat calls but nothing that I would call out extraordinary right now.
Meyer Shields: And then second bigger picture. Can you walk us through the strategy for getting the underlying combined ratio in specialty down? Is that an expense issue a sale issue?
Doug Elliot: Largely its a mix issue, Meyer, because our national account book is in that segment. The duration on our liabilities on our workers comp excess product are in the 12 to 15 category. So that book is going to tend to run at very different combined rations than our normal middle and small. So its all about mix. Our national account book is performing well, strong ROEs. I just think you have to keep in mind what's in the segment very different than the other markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays. Jay, your line is open.
Jay Gelb: Couple of clarifying questions, first on M&A. I believe the range of premium volume mentioned was $1 billion to $2 billion. Would that be gross or net?
Doug Elliot: Again, when we think about it and look at it, we think in terms of gross, because then we think of our own reinsurance strategies and appetite, Jay.
Jay Gelb: And then I think it might be helpful just to understand Hartfords excess capital position given the net of announced acquisitions versus dispositions. How much excess capital does Hartford currently have adjusted for deals that are about to close?
Beth Bombara: Jay, couple of things, when you look at holding company resources I think end of the quarter and weve got about billion on resources there. Ill remind you we are planning on paying down $500 million of hybrids in June. We then have the net proceeds that will come in from the Talcott sale, which is about $1.7 billion as I said in my remarks, and thats in the short term. Again, when we did the acquisition of Aetna last year, we had talked about the fact that we expected lower dividends this year from our operating subsidiaries, so no dividends from the group business. So, really as we go into 2019, we'd expect to see dividends increasing again both from P&C and from Hartford Life & Accident, which is the group business. And then the other things you keep in mind is that we will be generating cash flows at the holding company as it relates to monetizing our tax assets. And we'll start to see some of that in 19 as we get refunds our AMT credits and then utilize those NOLs. So those are the sources that I think about over time if thats helpful.
Jay Gelb: It is, but based on my probably simplistic knowledge of this. How does that all translate relative to what Hartford would typically desire to have in terms of holding company resources and what does that mean for us?
Beth Bombara: So as it relates to our target as a holding company, we typically look to 1 to 1.5 times interest and dividend requirements. But we also want to maintain flexibility, so as we have in the past, weve used our excess capital ratably over a period. So those are parameters that we think about. But again, as Chris said, we do want to make sure that we maintain a strong balance sheet and any capital that we would deploy, we would look at doing that over a period of time.
Jay Gelb: And is there a tie into that in terms of when the decision may be made whether to resume share buybacks?
Chris Swift: Jay, I would decouple some things in terms that there's no bright line or date on the calendar to say, these are what we're trying to make decisions on. Some of it obviously as it relates to M&A is the fluidity of the marketplace and the dynamics there. We want to be able to react to opportunities that make strategic and financial sense. But we also realized that were not going to be able to and should not hold excess capital forever. So I think what Beth was describing is that we are going to build a healthy position of deployable capital. Well continue to be aware of marketplace opportunities. But at some point in time, we would have to begin a return program in the form of either increase dividends or buybacks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
YaronKinar: So one maybe net picky question with regards to commercial, so I think you've highlighted record new business growth in small commercial. We've also achieved our more significant rate increases than in middle market and yet net premiums in small commercial have actually slowed, which Im thinking I mean that maybe there is maybe some erosion retention levels in that business. So would that mean that there is increased shopping behavior among customers as we push through and that there is still abundant capacity willing to offer lower or maybe even unattractive rates in order to one business out there in the market?
Chris Swift: Yaron, I don't feel that. I feel two factors relative to the core of your question. One is that we've been rather aggressive on our auto re-pricing and re-underwriting. And so our auto retentions are down significantly and that's definitely causing a bit of a drag on our overall top line and small. And then the second thing is that although were positive on the pricing side for comp, were slightly positive. And so were not getting any significant lift on a good segment of our small commercial book and our comp pricing. So all in, I am more focused around the auto book that weve taken action that we think we needed to take to correct that. I see the progress in our loss ratios thats why we're continuing to post terrific numbers there. I dont feel a lot difference in the marketplace yet.
YaronKinar: And then the second question I have is with regard to the group benefits business. And I apologize if I missed that. But when you talk about the group disability improved incidents trends and better recoveries. Is that across both the legacy Hartford business and the new Aetna block, or is it coming more from one than the other?
Chris Swift: Both disability books, Yaron, and our exhibiting solid behavior. So we feel good on both disability sides.
Sabra Purtill: Amy, we have time for one more question I think.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Two very quick questions, number one going back to the discussion on consolidation. Would your answer on the business mix as it relates to reinsurance, would that have been different if the tax cut act would not have been passed and implemented?
Chris Swift: I dont think so. I mean, think in terms of strategies first and alignment of businesses you want to be, and then the finance and the math has to work, but the pre and post tax reform, we wouldnt have had a different view.
Amit Kumar: Because I was wondering about the re-domicile aspect thats where I was going with the question. The second question, I guess the final question I have is again going back to the comp numbers. If I look at the Schedule P and compare the Hartford Scheduled P with the industry Schedule P, and if you look at the development of loss specs, why has the development being lower. I guess why have you taken down the loss specs on lower basis versus the industry? Is there something in the book or is it just conservatism here versus the industry trends?
Beth Bombara: As we said before as we think about our comp book and the long tailed nature of that, were very thoughtful about some of the trends that we build into reserves, specifically around severity and medical cost severity. So we have seen, over the last few years, very favorable trend there but we really think about it more for the long-term. And so as we evaluate our reserves each quarter, we look at how things are developing and take action accordingly. But were not prepared to take down our long-term view of those trends or those factors that affect the reserves.
Chris Swift: And we have made some slight adjustments, Beth, but weve reacted candidly more to the frequency side over the last couple of years, because we now feel like weve got a pretty solid look at those last couple of action years, particularly '15 and '16. So Amit, thanks for the question.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. And if you have any additional questions, please dont hesitate to follow-up with the Investor Relations team. Thank you for joining us today and have a good weekend.
Operator: This concludes our conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill  Head-Investor Relations Chris Swift  Chief Executive Officer Doug Elliot  President Beth Bombara  Chief Financial Officer Brion Johnson  Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Brian Meredith  UBS Kai Pan  Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan  Wells Fargo Jay Gelb  Barclays Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank Meyer Shields  KBW Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan
Operator: Good day. My name is Jack, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford's Fourth Quarter 2017 Financial Results. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. Today's webcast will cover our 2017 financial results and 2018 outlook for selected business metrics. We announced our fourth quarter and full year 2017 financial results last night and the news release and investor financial supplement are available on our website. Please note that consistent with prior year-end periods, our 10-K will be filed at the end of the month, but we have included some additional data in the investor financial supplement that will be in the 10-K, such as the P&C loss reserve roll forward. Also please keep in mind that as a result of the agreement to sell Talcott Resolution, current and prior financial results for this former segment have been accounted for as discontinued operations, which is in our Corporate segment, as required under U.S. GAAP. This change does not change net income for prior periods, but it does reduce core earnings as income from discontinued operations is included -- is not included in our core earnings calculation. If you have any questions about this change, please consult the IFS and the 10-K when filed, but also feel free to give the Investor Relations team a call with any questions about the accounting. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have time for Q&A. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of these risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our commentary today also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for at least 1 year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. 2017 was an eventful year at The Hartford with several major accomplishments, including the acquisition of Aetna's U.S. group life and disability business and the agreement to sell Talcott Resolution. However, bottom line results were negatively impacted by the loss on sale of Talcott and the charge for U.S. tax reform. Core earnings were up 11%, and core earnings per diluted share were up 19% despite exceptionally heavy catastrophe losses in 2017. This is an outstanding result, reflecting the strength of the organization. Commercial Lines margins were strong, Personal auto profitability improved great, Group Benefits and Mutual Fund results were excellent, and we had very good investment returns across the board. Looking back over the year, I am truly pleased with our results and impressed with our team's ability to deliver on the numerous initiatives we have underway. In Personal Lines, I am very pleased with the strong improvement of our auto line, where the underlying combined ratio improved by 4.2 points. Improving auto profitability has been a top priority for our management team, and this is a significant milestone as we position the business to return to growth by leveraging the historical strengths of our AARP relationship. Overall, Personal Lines results were significantly affected by the major catastrophe events of 2017 with full-year CAT losses more than double our average annual expectations. In Commercial Lines, we began 2017 focused on maintaining our strong underlying margins as we correctly anticipated increasing competitive forces. Margins did remain strong, although we expected pressure in workers' compensation and general liability. However, as Doug will discuss more fully in his comments, we have some optimism that pricing environment may improve in 2018, and our disciplined approach to underwriting and pricing will serve us very well as the market pivots. We also advanced a number of strategic initiatives in Commercial Lines that continue to strengthen our value proposition and extend our competitive advantages. For example, in Small Commercial, we continue to innovate with an ever-improving agent and customer experience. We have now integrated E&S product capabilities within our ICON quoting platform, becoming a one-stop provider to more customers, including an integrated billing option. We also started offering automatic quotes through ICON for Group Benefit products at point of sale, enabled by our advanced data and analytic capabilities. In Middle Market, our industry verticals are building momentum, led by outstanding teams of industry veterans who have joined The Hartford in recent years, excited to combine their underwriting and product expertise with our distribution and service excellence. In Group Benefits, we posted excellent financial results on both the top and bottom line.  Our value proposition on service and claims management for life and disability, coupled with our voluntary product offerings, resonates very well with our customers, and we see the benefit of that in our retention. Lastly, we welcomed more than 1,800 new teammates from Aetna to our company, further strengthening our market-leading capabilities.  In Mutual Funds, we continued to grow core earnings, supported by sales and positive net flows from strong investment performance and expanded fund offerings. And last but not least, in December, we signed a definitive agreement to sell Talcott Resolution for a total value to shareholders of about $2.7 billion, with an expected closing date by June 30.  Across the enterprise, we are making investments necessary to compete in a digital world defined by customer experience. We are expanding our digital portals in Commercial Lines, Personal Lines and Group Benefits to give agents and customers greater access and flexibility in managing their coverage, billing and claims. We are deploying robotics in operations, allowing us, for example, to process e-mailed requests for certificates of insurance in minutes.  And we are especially committed to our data and analytics journey. We continue to invest heavily in the talent, technology and data that we believe is increasingly defining our business. This work is generating new insights on risk, underwriting and claims management, which in turn elevates our customer experience and improves our financial performance.  The addition of the group benefits business from Aetna is additive to our efforts as we are now the No. 2 writer of both workers' compensation and group disability insurance, with unparalleled data sets across those businesses. This is exciting progress in our vision to become a broader and deeper risk player in the market, defined by a unique focus on agent and customer needs.  All of these 2017 successes are a part of a much broader plan to ensure that The Hartford is a contemporary company and prepared for a rapidly changing future, both financially and operationally.  Turning to tax reform. There are many positives and a few watch areas. Growth in investment should accelerate with the passage of tax reform while cash is repatriated from overseas. In the insurance sector, we are pleased that the playing field has been leveled to a certain degree.  On the other hand, there is uncertainty about how the lower tax rates play out over time and the extent to which the benefit will be competed away or be subject to regulatory rate reduction actions. For 2018, a good portion of the tax benefit will fall to the bottom line as most of the year's earned premiums were written in 2017. And many lines, including Personal and Commercial auto property and liability, still need additional rate to achieve our profitability goals. We will continue to work hard to achieve them.  We also intend to use a portion of the additional cash flow we expect from tax reform to accelerate execution on our existing technology initiatives. We begin 2018 with confidence in momentum in all our businesses, focused on our financial and strategic goals for each. With the economy expanding, we see plenty of opportunities for profitable growth.  Based on the metrics we provided for 2018. we expect to generate higher earnings and a core ROE of between 11% and 12%, including the benefit of lower tax rates. We expect the improvement to come from additional margin in Personal Lines, continued strong margins in Commercial Lines and earnings growth in both Group Benefits and Mutual Funds.  However, we do not expect much of an impact this year from the sale of Talcott given the expected timing for closing the transaction. As we have shared with you before, the priority for our excess capital is to generate long-term sustainable growth, either organically or with acquisitions that make financial and strategic sense. We will also evaluate debt and equity capital management opportunities, being thoughtful and focused on creating sustainable shareholder and stakeholder value.  Finally, it's not just what we did in 2017 but how we did it. Our philosophy is simple: we believe that doing the right thing every day is core to our character. Customers, agents, employees know we are a brand they can trust, that we treat people with respect and we honor our commitments to them.  I am proud of the recognition we have received for this, including our third year of being in the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index, nine years of recognition by Ethisphere as one of the most ethical companies and numerous Best Place to Work awards from various groups. We also believe that we have an obligation to make a difference in the communities where we work and live. You can see this in our sustainability report we publish on our website. The Hartford supports many activities, including educating kids on fire prevention through our Junior Fire Marshal program, which celebrated its 71 anniversary this year. We're also a founding sponsor of the U.S. Paralympic team, which will be competing in South Korea in March. To conclude, 2017 was an outstanding year for The Hartford. While bottom financial results and book value were affected by some of our strategic decisions, I am very pleased with our underlying performance, the strength of our balance sheet and the value we provided to customers during a year of record catastrophes for the industry. Now I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris. And good morning everyone. Looking back on our business objectives for 2017 and the results achieved, both operational and financial, this was an excellent year for our Property & Casualty and Group Benefits businesses. In Group Benefits, we capped off a year of outstanding earnings and solid top line growth with the Aetna acquisition. In Personal Lines, we delivered strong improvement in the underlying auto combined ratio. And in Commercial Lines, we successfully achieved top line growth while balancing underlying profitability in competitive markets. Our financial results were impacted by historic were impacted by historic industry catastrophe losses, but we're pleased with how our property book performed in these extreme events. Our claims team and the entire enterprise responded to our customers with the care and diligence our brand represents. In the midst of these tragic events, we were at our best, backing our promises and helping our customers rebuild their lives. I'd like to share a few thoughts on our 2017 financial performance for each of our business units, beginning with Group Benefits, where core earnings for the year increased to $234 million, up $30 million from 2016, with a core earnings margin of 5.8%. The group disability loss ratio for the year improved by 4.9 points due to positive pricing as well as favorable incidence and recovery trends. The group life loss ratio was very solid but up one point versus prior year due to favorable changes in reserve estimates in 2016. Looking at the top line. 2017 fully insured ongoing premium increased 14%. Excluding the two months of results from the Aetna acquisition, growth was 3%. Overall, book persistency on our employer group block of business, including the business acquired from Aetna, was approximately 90% for the year, and fully insured ongoing sales of $449 million were flat with 2016. Fourth quarter sales of $103 million were up $60 million over last year, largely due to one national account sale. Integration of Aetna's group benefits business is on track. Our organizational structure is complete, and all aspects of the integration are moving forward with urgency. I'll share more details on this in a moment when I cover our 2018 outlook. In Personal Lines, core earnings for 2017 were $13 million, including catastrophe losses of $453 million before tax or 12.3 points versus our 2017 outlook of 5.8 points. The full year underlying combined ratio, which excludes catastrophes and prior year development, was 93, improving 2.4 points from last year due to improved auto performance. The Personal Lines auto underlying combined ratio improved by 4.2 points to 99.7 for the full year, driven by the combination of earned rate change, underwriting and change, underwriting and agency management actions. These have clearly taken hold in our book of business, and we are confident that our auto profitability improvement plan is on track. Keep in mind, when looking at our quarterly results, that fourth quarter has the highest underlying loss ratio of the year. In Commercial Lines we delivered $825 million of core earnings for the year on a combined ratio of 97.3. Catastrophe losses for the year were $383 million or 5.6 points versus our outlook of 2.3. The underlying combined ratio for Commercial Lines was 92 for the year, up 2.6 points compared to 2016. Overall, this is consistent with our expectations at the outset of 2017 and very strong absolute performance when compared to the industry and our peers. Approximately half of the increase is due to margin compression in workers' compensation and general liability, and the other half due to higher variable compensation and technology costs. Renewal written pricing in Standard Commercial Lines was 3.2% for the full year, up a full point from 2016. This is a positive sign, and I'm encouraged by the recent price firming in property. In Middle Market property, price change this quarter was up 1.5 points compared to third quarter. Pricing across all other lines for the quarter was generally consistent with third quarter, with continued strong trends in auto. Our workers' compensation rates are down sequentially in the fourth quarter by about 0.5 point, driving our overall quarterly pricing change down slightly. Loss trends in workers' compensation continue to be favorable relative to historical norms. Written premium of $7 billion for the year was up 3% from 2016, driven primarily by growth in Small Commercial, including the acquisition of Maxum. Small Commercial had another outstanding year. The underlying combined ratio was 87.8, and written premium grew by over 5%, driven by strong retentions and $596 million of new business. Our competitive advantage in this business has been achieved over many years through strategic innovation, consistent investment and rigorous execution, and 2017 was no exception. We began rolling out new capabilities in ICON that allow our agents to submit excess and surplus lines business through a national wholesaler to Maxum and other underwriters as part of our Small Commercial package. Behind the scenes, we continue to simplify our quoting process to make more quotes bindable with fewer underwriting questions by using advanced data and analytics. And we expanded the functionality of our digital service platform, allowing over 30% of all of our service transactions during the year to be completed online. The momentum of this business builds by the day. In Middle Market, we posted an underlying combined ratio of 96.2 for the year, up 4.7 points from 2016. This was slightly higher than our expectations due to non-CAT property losses and margin compression in general liability and workers' compensation, including an increase to policyholder dividends on certain participating workers' compensation contracts, where loss performance has been superior. We also had higher variable compensation and technology costs. Written premium increased 1% for the year based on solid retentions and new business production of $484 million, up 5% versus prior year. During 2017, we introduced a new multinational capability, allowing us to win more accounts with exposures outside the U.S. This has brought growth in domestic premium on accounts for which we might not have been able to compete in prior years. We also stood up an energy vertical, achieving solid new business premium and a growing pipeline of opportunities. And our construction practice has matured into a strong business, delivering double-digit written premium growth in 2017. In Specialty Commercial, the underlying combined ratio of 97.8 for the year was 3.3 points higher than 2016. Nearly three points of this increase was driven by higher expenses, similar to our other commercial business units. Our Bond business posted another strong year, delivering excellent underwriting results and strong growth, the result of new and expanding projects among our policyholders as economic conditions improve. And in Financial Products, we have successfully shifted to a Middle Market-centric platform where pricing and loss trends have been more stable. Looking back on our financial results and accomplishments for 2017. We are very pleased with our execution across our businesses. Market conditions vary by business and line but have been competitive across the board. We are more confident than ever in our ability to navigate such challenges. But before I turn the call over to Beth, let me offer a few comments on our goals for 2018. In Group Benefits, continuing the successful integration of the Aetna business is a top priority. Now three months post-acquisition, we are even more enthusiastic about the team, the business and the claims technology we have acquired. Integration milestones for 2018 are in place, including actions necessary to achieve our cost synergy target of $100 million. We are underway with plans to bring the newly acquired claims management application workability into our technology platform. Once combined with our existing case management system and newly developed billing and digital engagement tools, we will have a market-leading technology suite for our customers, both individuals and employers. Overall, we're off to a great start in Group Benefits for 2018, with continuing strong core business results. January 2018 renewal retention on both our existing Hartford business as well as the acquired block has been strong, in line with prior year. And January sales are favorable to last year. We expect Group Benefits 2018 core earnings to be between $310 million and $330 million after tax. Our 2017 results included very strong partnership investment returns, which our planning assumptions do not expect to repeat in 2018. We also had better-than-expected prior year loss outcomes in 2017 that we expect to normalize in 2018. Net income, which includes integration costs, is expected to be between $275 million and $295 million after tax. In Personal Lines, building off our substantial progress in 2017, we will continue to increase our new business marketing in AARP Direct, returning to new business growth in direct auto as momentum builds throughout the year. For 2018, we expect to achieve a Personal Lines combined ratio of 96 to 98, including 5.6 points of catastrophes. This implies an auto combined ratio of 97.5 to 99.5, including 1.1 point of catastrophes, putting us in line with our targets. In Commercial Lines, industry-wide evidence of margin pressure began to emerge in 2017, triggering an inflection point in the market. And as a result, we are beginning to see improvement in property pricing. I expect this trend to continue and include general liability pricing improvement during 2018 as well. Specifically, for our book of business, we expect our auto rate gains to continue in the high single digits. In property and general liability, we expect to see pricing trends improve to mid-single digits over the next four quarters. However, given favorable profitability trends in workers' compensation, rates in this line could range from flat to slightly negative. We remain committed to underwriting discipline, maintaining strong margins and seeking growth when it meets our profit targets. As is always the case, we have some very well-performing lines of business as well as some pockets of business that need price increases to reach target returns. Our pricing actions will be driven by these profitability indicators, and a key priority will be the improved performance of our Middle Market property and liability book of business. As a result, we expect an overall 2018 Commercial Lines combined ratio between 93 and 95.5, including 2.6 points of catastrophes. This represents a slight improvement from 2017 after normalizing for catastrophe losses. This is driven by our expectation of rate increases in areas of the business that are performing below targets and continuing strength in our workers' compensation results. In summary, 2017 was a very strong year of execution across our Property & Casualty and Group Benefit businesses, with core earnings of $1.1 billion. Despite the historical level of catastrophe losses, our businesses performed well and achieved progress on many strategic priorities. This work continues in 2018, and our momentum is building. Our core priorities remain unchanged; profitable product and underwriting expansion, deep partnerships with our distributors and outstanding value to our customers. Let me now turn the call over to Beth. 
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. I'm going to briefly cover fourth quarter and full year results from the other segments and investment performance before taking your questions. Turning to Mutual Funds. Fourth quarter core earnings were $37 million, up 76% after excluding a state tax benefit recognized this quarter. Full year 2017 core earnings were $110 million, up 41% over the prior year due to higher investment management fees as market appreciation and over $3 billion in net inflows drove an 18% increase in total segment AUM to $115 billion. Investment performance remains strong, with 60% of Hartford Funds beating their peers on a five-year basis, which contributed to the robust sales. Corporate, which has been restated to include Talcott as a discontinued operation for all periods presented, had a net loss of $4.1 billion in the fourth quarter due to the $3.1 billion loss on discontinued operations and an $867 million charge resulting from U.S. corporate tax reform, reflecting a reduction in the value of net deferred tax assets. The Corporate net loss for the year was $4.5 billion. In the quarter, Corporate had core losses of $51 million, slightly better than prior year, primarily due to a state tax benefit of $5 million. For the full year, Corporate core losses totaled $229 million. Regarding Talcott, the sale and separation process is on schedule, and we expect to close by June 30. Since the transaction economics were locked in at signing, our results for the most part are not impacted by Talcott earnings going forward. The investment portfolio continues to perform well. For the quarter, net investment income, which now excludes Talcott, declined about  by about 4% to $394 million, primarily due to lower income from limited partnerships compared to the prior year. For the full year, net investment income was $1.6 billion, up 2% due to higher limited partnership returns, which were 12% before tax in 2017, well ahead of expectations. The portfolio yield for full year 2017, excluding LPs, was 3.7%, down 10 basis points from 2016 due in part to lower reinvestment rates and lower non-routine items such as make-whole payments on fixed maturities and prepayment penalties on mortgage loans. To summarize, fourth quarter core earnings were $293 million, basically flat with fourth quarter 2016, and full year 2017 core earnings were up 11% to $1 billion. For the quarter and the year, the major factors were a change to favorable prior year development, better underlying personal auto results and higher Group Benefits and Mutual Fund earnings, offset by significantly higher catastrophe losses and some deterioration in underlying Commercial Line margins, driven in part by higher expenses. Turning to the balance sheet. Our rating agency adjusted debt-to-capital ratio increased to 28.8%, up about 4 points sequentially as a result of the net loss in the quarter. We maintain our long-term goal of reducing our rating agency debt ratio to the low to mid-20s and expect debt leverage to improve over the next 12 months to 18 months due to future net income and net reduction of nearly $1 billion, as we have previously stated.  Our overall reserve position remains strong. I'd note that the annual asbestos and environmental ground-up review conducted during the fourth quarter of 2017 did not impact earnings as the $285 million in net loss development was covered by the reinsurance agreement with National Indemnity Company that we put in place at the end of 2016. As a reminder, that agreement covers unfavorable development of up to $1.5 billion, so there is $1.215 billion remaining under the cover.  Core earnings ROE for the last 12 months was 6.7%, up 1.5 points from a year ago. This ratio is depressed somewhat because it is calculated using average equity. If you normalize beginning equity for the loss on discontinued operations, pension transfer and tax charges, it would be closer to 8%. We expect our ROE to improve in 2018 due to earnings growth, including the impact of lower federal income taxes. Based on the metrics we provided for 2018, we would expect our core earnings ROE to be in the 11% to 12% range. In addition, over time, we will deploy the cash flows generated from the Talcott sale and from the monetization of our tax net operating losses and AMT credits into higher-return opportunities. Regarding capital management. During 2017, we repurchased about $1 billion of our common shares and increased the quarterly dividend by 9%, marking the fifth consecutive year we raised our quarterly dividend. Before taking your questions, Id like to briefly summarize the impact of a lower U.S. corporate tax rate in 2018. Our only major preference item going forward is municipal bond income as the dividend received deduction was in Talcott. So aside from the 5.25% tax rate on muni bond income, almost everything else will be taxed at 21%. Our effective tax rate will be the direct result of muni bond income as a percentage of pretax income. In other words, if muni bond income is about 23% of our total pretax earnings, which is approximately where we would expect it to be in 2018, then the effective tax rate would be about 17%. Id also note that the reduction in the corporate tax rate reduces the carrying value of the tax benefits we retained in the sale of Talcott. The tax assets we retained are now carried at approximately $700 million, down from the $950 million we discussed in December. However, the net present value of the retained tax benefit has increased as the reduction in value of the NOLs is more than offset by the accelerated monetization of the AMT credits we retained. Id also like to point out there is one aspect of the accounting for tax reform which could result in a subsequent change to the 2017 loss on the sale of Talcott. Weve provided a summary of this in the appendix to the slide deck. This change would be the result of accounting guidance that the FASB may issue later this month. That guidance is expected to either require or permit us to retrospectively reclassify certain equity amounts from retained earnings to AOCI as of December 31, 2017, or may allow prospective adoption of that change in 2018 or 2019. The amounts that would be reclassified represent the stranded tax rate differential that has already been reflected in earnings. The knock-on impact of this would be an approximate $193 million reduction in the loss on sale reported for 2017, but there would be no impact on the underlying economics of the transaction. To conclude, full year 2017 core earnings demonstrated good improvement from 2016 despite high levels of catastrophes in each quarter of the year. As we begin 2018, our priorities include continued profitable growth, integration of the Aetna business, closing the sale of Talcott, reducing debt leverage and ultimately redeploying the proceeds of the Talcott sale into higher-return opportunities. We will continue to focus on maintaining strong margins and underwriting discipline while growing where it makes sense in a market showing early signs of improving pricing dynamics. I will now turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. Before beginning Q&A, I wanted to mention that Bank of America will be hosting Chris and Beth on February 14 for a fireside chat at the annual Insurance Conference. Their discussion will be webcast, and there is a link to the webcast on our  on the Investor Relations section of our website so you can listen to it live or in replay. Jack, could you please repeat the Q&A instructions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. The first question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thank you. Chris and Doug, I was wondering if you could comment on your thoughts of the impact of tax reform on pricing potentially going forward with respect to Personal Lines but also workers compensation insurance.
Chris Swift: Sure, Brian. Id  happy to provide some color, and Doug, Im sure, will provide his views also, which are similar. I think the dialogue and debate here on tax rate is you got to put it in the context that its just one component of pricing. I mean, theres other components: loss trends, underwriting classifications, acquisition costs, operating costs. I mean, so its  you need to manage all of them together. I would also say it depends on the starting point from a pricing indication side of what may or may not change at the price level to a customer. As we said in our comments, were going to try and expect to hold on to a significant portion of the tax benefits in the near term, but we are going to put in our models for pricing purposes that are filed ultimately with regulators the new effective tax rate. I think ultimately, this will come down to then as far as, ultimately, a game theory of just what happens at the market level, what do competitive forces in the market do. But I would also state that not all lines of business are price adequate. And as I said in my prepared comments, were going to try to improve those lines where we need price action. I think the other thing, too, I alluded to, and Im going to give you the dollar amount, but we are going to accelerate some IT investments, digital investments in product development and data and analytic investments over the next two years. I would say that incrementally is about $50 million pretax thats in our plan. Its in the guidance that we provided you. So thats how were thinking about tax reform from more of a macro level. But Doug, whats your point of view?
Doug Elliot: I guess I would just add, Chris, that I continue to think about our line profitability and our segment profitability, so feel very good about our auto progress but still more work to be done. We posted a 99.7 point of progress this year, but that doesnt leave a lot of underwriting profit, and we still have more work to do in that line. So we will see how this plays out. A lot of our pricing actions are already determined for 2018, and were determined to improve our profitability, particularly in Middle Market and Personal Lines auto. So we will continue to talk about this and share as we go forward. I think its still early.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then one for Beth. Beth, just thinking about taxes and tax reform and elimination of the AMT, what is the kind of cash benefit that you expect kind of on an annual basis from just the reduction in cash taxes paid?
Beth Bombara: Im sorry, how much is the benefit or where is it going?
Brian Meredith: Yes. With the benefit, you gave us the present value number, but Im just kind of thinking, are you going to pay any cash taxes in 2018 now? What is it going to look like from a cash flow perspective for you guys?
Beth Bombara: Right. So looking at 2018, wed expect to pay little to no tax in 2018. As it relates to the AMT credits that well be able to monetize over time, that will really start when we file our 2018 tax return in 2019. So well start to see those cash flows coming through as well. So when we look at both our NOLs and AMT credits and based on our current projections for taxable income, wed expect to monetize those over the next three to four years.
Brian Meredith: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. My first question is on personal auto. If you look at your rate increases, still in the double digits, I assume your loss cost trend probably in the mid to single digits. So there should be 5 point improvements in the core underlying margin going forward. So I just wonder why the guidance is only sort of showing 150 basis points to the midpoint. Are there more to come?
Doug Elliot: Kai, this is Doug. I would start by suggesting that over the next couple of quarters, youll see the written pricing come down a little bit. So our earned trends now that were achieving improved profitability are going to be slightly less than weve had in the past. The other thing is we had very good trends across our frequency and severity in 2017. Hard to suggest theyre going to repeat next year, so I  we try to be thoughtful and conservative in our selections going forward. I think those two combinations still imply that we will see improvement in the auto line underlying going forward. Wed love to see the same rate of change in 2018 that we saw in 2017. But well have to see how that plays out.
Kai Pan: Okay. Then my second question on Commercial Line, could you talk a little bit more about the loss cost trend in workers compensation and general liability? And what gave you confidence to achieve the improvements, given that the 2017 results was  fell sort of the original guidance?
Doug Elliot: Sure. Our overall workers comp performance has been very strong, and that goes back a number of years. And although we tweaked it a bit in 2017, I still look at the overall performance and feel very good about it, particularly in our Small Commercial world. So thats just as a starter. As we move forward, I think our sophistication in underwriting and the work were doing in claim to work and combat, if you will, trends that we expect to see in medical and in wage, give me confidence that we will be able to continue to produce very solid returns, right? And I  every time I think about my answer on a workers comp question, I do ask you to think about Small versus National Accounts versus Middle Market. They compete very differently. The results vary. But in general, we look across our segments. We feel good about the line. Our trends have been very solid. The frequency has been in very good shape for a number of years. Were watching severity around medical. Its still better than historical norms, but we are watching the hospitalization end of those costs. And as we go forward, well kind of compete month-by-month and quarter-by-quarter and make sure were reflecting that in the pricing accordingly.
Kai Pan: Thank you very much.
Doug Elliot: Kai, let me add one other  as I was answering that question, I was thinking also about your Personal Lines question. I think weve shared in the past that we are going to ramp up our marketing spend in Personal Lines. So when you think about the overall combined ratio, expect to see a little bit more cost in the Personal Lines expense component of combined. That's also adding to a part of the answer that I shared with you.
Kai Pan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Good morning. I guess this is following up on some of the earlier questions. As we think about the underlying margin guidance, and this is both a Personal and Commercial Lines question, it seems like your commentary points to some improvement on the loss ratio and potentially higher expense ratios, given investments in both of the businesses. Is that how you see it when you think about 2018 with the spread between the loss and the expense ratios?
Chris Swift: Elyse, it's Chris. I would say, from a higher level, yes, generally the case. I mean, we think we could obviously get some rate in the book. We're going to try to manage frequencies and severities to a good outcome, but we are going to continue to invest in the organization, both IT, digital product. I would say that our expenses issue were probably a little elevated, primarily compensation related from our goals in performance side. So I would say that there is going to be a reversion to the mean going forward on compensation costs. But as far as investments in those areas that I described, that'll continue at a healthy pace.
Doug Elliot: Elyse, I would add as well that we're working mix of lines of business as well underneath the broad scenario. So as an example, I did talk about surety. Surety has been a growing  with a solid performance in 2017. Our top line in surety was up 10%. It's one of our outstanding return areas. We're going to do more in surety. And so we're also mixing the book underneath. Auto is showing signs of improvement in Commercial Lines as well as Personal Lines, so that's an improvement story. So we're battling hard to, number one, maintain the strong margins we've achieved, but to see if we can do a little bit better in 2018.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then another question. In terms of auto, in your guide for this year, you get to about that 96.5, which has been your target for that business. And you did 0.2 still taking rate in the high single digits. So maybe this is more when we think out beyond 2018, but do you think you can run that business better than a 96.5? Because meaning, if you keep taking high single-digit rates, essentially, you could get the margin lower or then where we just see greater expenses as well in that business.
Chris Swift: Elyse, it's Chris. I would say, again, as I pivoted, and Doug has been talking about, too, I mean, we're trying to return to growth, right? I mean, we've had to take some aggressive actions with the book in shrinking it. So I would say that the growth aspect of it will contribute to obviously an expanding combined ratio while we continue to manage loss cost in trends. And I would say, again, it's going to be a dynamic marketplace out there, too. I mean, there is a lot of strong competition in this area. We're focused in on the more of the mature market segment with a value proposition that is somewhat different. So we remain confident that we can grow and return to the higher levels of premium volumes, which should also generate some relief on the expense ratio. But make no mistake, I mean, it's still going to be very, very competitive.
Doug Elliot: Elyse, just  I certainly echo all of Chris' focus comments on growth. The other thing I would just point out, I think I mentioned returning to mid-single digits as opposed to higher single digits. So I expect pricing over the next several quarters to be more in that five range than the higher single digits.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jay Gelb: Thank you. Beth, can you talk about the potential for share buybacks to restart and the timing on that and what we should think about in terms of magnitude of buybacks in 2018?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So Jay, I'll go back to the comments that we made in the fourth quarter when we stopped our share buyback due to the Aetna acquisition. We'll be back to you when we have a new capital management plan. But right now, we're focused on closing Talcott, and then we'll evaluate what the best use of that capital is and the timing, but not prepared to talk today about expectations for 2018.
Jay Gelb: Okay. And then my follow-up, and this is  I remember sort of asking this question on the Talcott call. I believe now that the expectation is for an 11% to 12% return on equity in 2018, I believe back when Talcott was announced, the expectation was for that to improve in 2019 as the full benefit of the Aetna transaction comes into play. Is that still the case for 2019?
Chris Swift: Jay, it's Chris. I think the  I probably led that charge on the improvement. And I would say, generally, directionally, we still see it, but I mean, there's going to be some competing forces, right? So we always try to stay focused on hand on what we need to do in 2018 that sets up a good 2019. So know our focus is on executing, particularly as it relates to standing up Talcott as a separate company, integrating Aetna and making sure we're getting all the expense saves out of there, which obviously from an earnings side, I will contribute in 2019. But on the other hand, we are  with that 11% to 12% guide, that does reflect a significant tax benefit in 2018 that we'll have to see how that plays out in 2019 and 2020 and beyond. So that would be the only caveat that I would share with you. There could be some competing forces that impact that trend going forward.
Jay Gelb: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: The first question, it looks like there are some competitors in the auto market who will be stepping up to make customer growth a priority for 2018. Can you talk a little about the sales proposition at the AARP business and how you retain those customers and how those customers might be less risky to be picked off by a more aggressive competitor in the market?
Doug Elliot: Let me try to tackle, Josh, that in a few pieces. Number one, we're certainly ramping up marketing, as I mentioned, so that we get more client contact, we get more inbound activity. And based on our marketing evidence in the last 90 days, that's happening. So we're feeling more flow. Second part is our ability to close, offer competitive prices and then close. And so we're focused on our skills on the phone. We're focused on our fine-tuning of our auto class plan. Again, this is a state-by-state mix dynamic. So there are a lot of dynamics that we are working on, all trying to improve our close ratio on those inbound calls. And again, we're going to continue to move our marketing spend up as we move throughout 2018. So I expect this to be a growing positive story, but we'll have to work our way through the first 90 days, and then we'll share progress as we move throughout the year.
Josh Shanker: All right. I'll take one more stab at the $25,000 question that Jay asked. In  your preference is obviously to do a transaction, I think, overdo buybacks if the right transaction came along. But what is your appetite for letting a war chest build or the priority about returning capital as it builds to shareholders? Is there a philosophy internally about what to do with money as it comes in?
Christ Swift: Yes. I appreciate the question, Josh. Yes, what I would say, again, in the follow-up to Jay's question, I mean, we've got a lot of levers still to continue to expand ROE. So as much as  and we talked about some competing forces that might be happening. I mean, there are levers that we have to be able to help manage to expand ROE beyond that 11% to 12% that we guided to in 2018. And clearly, capital management is one of them. So I think you've seen our history. We balanced. We're thoughtful. We're, if anything, consistent. So I would expect that philosophy to continue. I don't think there's a calculus I could share with you right now, but as excess capital builds, we know we have to deploy it effectively or return it to shareholders in a timely basis. And that's what I would say right now.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much for the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Doug, I'm wondering if you could give us a sense as to the auto claim frequency trends that you've embedded in current pricing?
Doug Elliot: Well, certainly, 2017, we've talked about them, right, so we feel very good. Our frequency has essentially been flat. We've had low severities, low single-digit severities. We are looking forward at similar frequency trends for 2018, and I would say small single-digit severity trends in the two to four range. So not a lot different in 2018 than what we think we're experiencing today, what we are expressing today. And that's as much as I want to give on the guidance front.
Meyer Shields: No, that's good. It's helpful. And second question, as we anticipate stronger U.S. economic growth, does that have any implications on its own for margins in workers' compensation and in Maxum?
Doug Elliot: Where we have felt that strong economy certainly is in our Bond business with construction start-ups. We've had a number of nice opportunities in our construction unit, in new projects, shovels in the ground, et cetera. And obviously, we continue to fill in Small Commercial. So the start-ups, the new economy, the small employee groups, under five, where we have a terrific product, and we have a lot of focus in that micro segment of Small. So those areas are clearly signs that we're bullish about. And I think we'll see more of that as we move through 2018. Overall, a solid economy is a good indicator of workers' comp and disability. So we understand that our trends relative to employment are good signals for key lines for us. And we have our fingers crossed that we'll see a very solid economy moving forward that we'll be able to grow from moving into 2018.
Meyer Shields: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Janney. Your line is open.
Bob Glasspiegel: We've had sort of a turbulent financial market in the first quarter. I wonder if you could just talk about your overall investment strategy going into the market and whether you're in a derisking, rerisking, looking at this as an opportunity to buy. How are you repositioning portfolio through this?
Chris Swift: Bob, let me start, and then Brion Johnson, our CIO, is with us here, and ask him to give you some additional color. But generally, I think we feel very good. And weve got a high-quality portfolio, well diversified. Weve traded out of certain sectors a while ago that we did not think held its potential for returns. So the largest concentration we have is still in munis and in corporate investment-grade bonds. So generally, we feel very good. I mean  and if you look closely at the tape, I mean, credit spreads are holding in fairly well. Well see how trading goes today. So to the extent that the equity markets have been rolled over, corrected a little bit, were not seeing the same pressure to date in the credit environment. But Brion, what would you add?
Brion Johnson: So thanks for your question, Bob. I would say that Chris articulated it well. We take a sort of a through-the- cycle approach to the investment portfolio. Were very comfortable with the status of the portfolio. It is a high- quality portfolio. And over time, we have been lowering the risk profile of the portfolio just as the cycle got longer and the compensation for risk got lower. So since weve been doing that, were pretty reasonably well positioned for the environment that were in. Were nibbling around the edges where we see opportunities, but were we see opportunities, but were not inclined to change the overall risk profile of the portfolio in response to recent developments.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thank you very much. Just a quick follow-up. First quarter weather in the Northeast sometimes nails you, cold and frozen roofs. Have issues yet that youd spike out, Doug? Or
Chris Swift: Bob, again, Im looking at Doug, too. Theres nothing that hits our radar screen. I mean, youre always going to have some frozen pipes. I was in Minneapolis earlier this week, and it was cold, and  but its the winter. So  but nothings hit our desk as anything outsized right now, Doug, would you say?
Doug Elliot: I agree with that.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. First, I had a question on Personal Lines. As you think about the price hikes that youve been implementing, obviously, those have helped your margins recover. Have you been able to raise prices through all the states? Or are there states that are still pending that havent fully flown through yet?
Doug Elliot: Jimmy, there are still states that we are working on. So weve achieved rate adequacy in a number of states, the large majority of the states, certainly majority. But theres still a couple of key states that are working. And California is one of those states that made a lot of progress, but we have a little bit more work to do as we move into 2018.
Jimmy Bhullar: And Im assuming thats a material part of your business?
Doug Elliot: It is. Its a significant part of our Personal Lines business.
Jimmy Bhullar: Then on just  so whats your expectation for lapses on the Aetna group business as you onboard it? And are there any concerns that they sold a lot of business on a bundle or cross-sold business with major medical? And even though youre going to be doing it, its still a separate company. So whats your expectation for lapses as you onboard the book?
Chris Swift: Jimmy, its Chris. All the  and Doug made the commentary on it. All the data that we see, we knew going into it. Were not surprised. We are obviously trying to renew as much of that business as possible. We understood their pricing approach and philosophy. Were harmonizing it with ours. Well be thoughtful. I would still say that, again, the guidance that we provided, I mean, there is a tolerance for shock lapses in 2018 that were going to try to manage to avoid. But I think we have a reasonable to conservative plan on premiums from a lapse side. And Doug, I know we got weekly integration meetings, and were trying to manage to outperform that, Jimmy, but I dont think theres any surprises. And weve got similar experience with profit improvement on certain accounts in our book over the years, and well execute very thoughtfully. 
Doug Elliot: And Jimmy, you know how far in advance this book works, right? So we didnt expect to see much shock lapse in 2018 because much of that had been renewed over the course of the spring and summer months, certainly, the National Account book. We are right in the throes of working hard on the 2019 book. Chris and I are heavily involved in the key account decisions. So literally, I felt like we have information were not sharing. We are working over the next 90 to 120 days on key 2019 renewals. And I think weve built in some shock, but based on what weve seen so far, we feel very good about the way the integrations going, the sales force coming together, the tools and technology road map. So Im optimistic about how this is coming together, and I think our plans are well-thought-out.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly, for Beth, can you quantify stranded overhead from Talcott that might need to be allocated to the other businesses? And how was that accounted for this quarter?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So we estimate that when we look at the costs that arent transferring with the transaction, its probably $35 million to $40 million annually, and we expect to eliminate those stranded costs over the next 18 to 24 months. So I dont see that as being a significant drag for our businesses. Youll see some of those costs in the corporate line until we close. But again, when you think about the size of our expense base, its a pretty small amount.
Jimmy Bhullar: And thats stranded as well as allocated? Because theres some probably corporate overhead thats allocated to Talcott thatll be  thatll have to be allocated to the rest of the business.
Beth Bombara: Yes, thats how Im defining stranded. Im looking at all the costs that we previously allocated to Talcott, looking at those things that I know were transferring, those things that we know will just get eliminated right away. And then this is the  really the overhead piece that we have to address.
Jimmy Bhullar: And this quarter that number was still in discontinued operations? Or was that allocated out of that already?
Beth Bombara: Its already  its in the corporate line. Its kind of hard to see for the quarter, but yes, its in the corporate line.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Id like to turn the call back over to the presenters. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Thank you for joining us today. And if you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to follow up with the Investor Relations team. Thank you again, and we look forward to seeing you  some of you next week in New York. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. All participants may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-23 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Emily, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford conference call regarding this morning's announcement of its acquisition and third quarter 2017 financial results. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. 
 Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. Today's webcast will discuss our agreement announced this morning to acquire Aetna's U.S. Group Life and Disability business. In addition, we announced third quarter financial results this morning. 
 We thought that combining these 2 announcements would benefit investors by providing you all with the most comprehensive update on The Hartford, including the expected future financial and strategic benefits of the acquisition; our full third quarter financial results, including catastrophe results; revisions to our subsidiary dividend and capital management plans; and an update on other market, competitive and financial trends that are important considerations for your investment in The Hartford.
 Please note that there are 2 separate press releases, which we issued early this morning: one for the acquisition released jointly with Aetna; and one for financial results. In addition, there is one 8-K for the acquisition and one for earnings, including the investor financial supplement and our declaration of a 9% increase in our quarterly dividend rate. Please note that we will file our third quarter 10-Q on Thursday afternoon, consistent with our normal schedule.
 Finally, there are also 2 slide decks: one summarizing the acquisition; and one for financial results. We will not be using the slide decks for this webcast, but we may refer to them in Q&A in order to bring certain items or numbers to your attention.
 Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will provide ample time for Q&A for both the acquisition and financial results. 
 Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call.
 Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website.
 Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement, which are also available on our website.
 Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for at least 1 year.
 I'll now turn the call over to Chris. 
Christopher Swift: Thank you, Sabra. We appreciate everyone joining us this Monday morning. I'm very excited about today's announcement of our acquisition of Aetna's group benefits business. Group Benefits is a core underwriting business for us, with a stable risk profile, strong returns and good growth opportunities. Combined, we will have about $5 billion in annual premium, making us one of the top 2 companies in the market. We are pleased about the opportunity to deploy capital in a business that we know well and can efficiently integrate and grow. We thoroughly understand the fundamentals of this business, the customer expectations and distribution channel dynamics. Together, the strategic and financial benefits of this acquisition will create long-term shareholder value and strengthen our leadership in Group Benefits and P&C.
 The combination of these businesses is compelling. Combining our 2 organizations, which together insure about 20 million individuals, is a unique opportunity to accelerate The Hartford's strategic objectives for Group Benefits, namely growing our voluntary product premium base and increasing our presence in the Middle Market segment. This deal positions us to achieve these goals.
 It also achieves our customer digital enablement objectives and provides a superior claims leave management platform that we will be able to leverage to achieve better claim outcomes. Additionally, we will be able to leverage our data and analytical capabilities across our workers' compensation and group disability claims, which will enhance our competitive advantages and cross-product capabilities.
 Financially, it is accretive to core earnings and, in 2018, is accretive by more than $100 million before amortization of intangibles. The acquisition also provides a long-term return on investment in the double-digit range. 
 Once we have completed the integration and achieved expense savings, we expect to generate incremental core earnings, before amortization of intangibles, of approximately $150 million annually by year 3 on a run rate basis. Beth will provide a deeper review of the financials, but I would highlight that we do anticipate meaningful expense savings. In total, we anticipate $100 million run rate savings that will build over 3 years. That estimate is focused on the integration of the 2 operations in the near term and not what we aspire to achieve longer term as we leverage the power of technology, digital capabilities and data and analytics. 
 I would also note that the book is profitable today. It does not require fixing or underwriting initiatives. As a result, it will contribute to our bottom line in the first full year.
 It's also important to note that the financial assumptions around this transaction have been prudently established and are realistic to achieve. In addition, we expect tax benefits from the transaction of about $325 million on a net present value basis. 
 Finally, I am confident in the -- that the integration will go smoothly and efficiently, both from a people perspective and developing the future operating model as well as with our relationships with distributors, employers and individual customers. The Hartford and Aetna have complementary cultures providing high-quality products and excellent customer service to distributors and policyholders alike.
 Turning to the quarter, let me provide you with a brief overview of our third quarter results, which Doug and Beth will cover in more detail. The significant level of losses related to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which were consistent with the range we preannounced, were the primary driver of our decline in core earnings. Our thoughts and prayers are with all those impacted by these storms as well as by the recent California wildfires. The Hartford's employees have worked tirelessly to help our customers recover from the devastation caused by these events. We're about restoring lives when customers have had their worst possible day. And I'm proud, but not surprised, at the phenomenal job our claim team has done.
 Aside from the CAT losses, this quarter results were strong, and, at each segment, were either in line or better than our outlook. Underlying Commercial Lines' results were consistent with our expectations, with some pressure on margins from the competitive environment and loss cost trends. 
 Personal Lines' underlying results continue to improve, reflecting our multiple profitability initiatives for personal auto. We expect continued Personal Lines' improvement in 2018.
 Group Benefits' results have been exceptionally good this year, continuing an overall trend of growth and margin improvements.
 In addition, Mutual Funds has been delivering strong sales, good investment performance and overall positive net flows.
 Finally, continued strong limited partnership returns have supported net investment income across all segments.
 In summary, I'm very excited about today's acquisition announcement and the future potential in Group Benefits, and I'm equally pleased with our underlying financial results, both this quarter and for the year. Aside from catastrophe losses, our 2017 results will show a solid improvement from 2016.
 Looking forward, we are optimistic about continued growth and profitability in 2018 through additional progress in Personal Lines, the financial and strategic benefits of the acquisition of Group Benefits and the potential for an improved rate environment in Commercial Lines, particularly in property, as the industry comes to terms with pricing, risk selection and catastrophe exposures. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Doug. 
Douglas Elliott: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Before I provide an overview of our third quarter results, I'd also like to comment on our acquisition of Aetna's Group Life and Disability business. 
 We are very excited about the potential of our complementary organizations. I've been impressed with the Aetna leaders we've met and the products, services and technology they have developed. This is an opportunity to create a more distinctive value proposition for our customers and distribution partners, and I look forward to working with our new combined team.
 Turning back to third quarter performance. Of course, the most significant driver of our overall results was catastrophe losses of $352 million, primarily from Harvey and Irma. These storms, along with Maria, Nate and the California wildfires, have had devastating consequences for thousands of Americans. Our thoughts and prayers are with all of them. 
 For our claims team, it has been 8 weeks of nonstop action across the country in response to these disasters. Almost a year ago, many of you joined us at our Investor Day, where we highlighted our claim capabilities, including our mobile response unit. The performance of our team has been outstanding, moving as rapidly as circumstances on the ground will allow to meet with customers and help them begin the journey of rebuilding their homes, businesses and lives.
 Neither Harvey nor Irma resulted in losses that exceeded our property CAT retention. We are pleased with the risk aggregation procedures and desk underwriting execution of our team in effectively managing our exposure to events such as Harvey, Irma and Maria. There is always room for refinement, and I'm sure we'll do some of that, but overall, I'm pleased with our performance.
 Let me get into the details of our third quarter earnings, where we are very pleased with our underlying results across Property & Casualty and Group Benefits.
 The Commercial Lines' combined ratio was 108.6, deteriorating 14.7 points versus prior year, primarily due to higher catastrophe losses. The underlying combined ratio was 93.2, deteriorating 3.2 points versus prior year, largely driven by increased expenses, primarily higher variable compensation and technology costs. There was also a modest margin compression in workers' compensation and general liability as market conditions continued to be competitive.
 Small Commercial continued its strong performance with an underlying combined ratio of 89.2. Written premium was up 4.5% as retention remained very solid. New business of $140 million was down slightly from prior year. Over the last 4 quarters, our Small Commercial business has generated $586 million in new business, including Maxum, demonstrating the strength of our capabilities in a competitive market.
 In Middle Market, the underlying combined ratio was 97, deteriorating 3.9 points from 2016, primarily due to higher expenses and slight margin compression. Written premium decreased 1%. Solid retention, slightly positive renewal written pricing and new business production of $112 million, up from a year ago, was offset by lower auto premiums and other onetime premium adjustments. The market continues to be very competitive, and we're balancing growth aspirations with the need to maintain adequate pricing and sound underwriting quality standards.
 Moving to Specialty Commercial, the underlying combined ratio of 98.6 deteriorated 4.9 points, mainly due to higher expenses and a slightly higher auto liability loss ratio, as we have reported throughout 2017. Financial Products and Bond continued to contribute to the strong results in Specialty. 
 In Personal Lines, the third quarter combined ratio was 104, deteriorating 3.8 points from a year ago. Catastrophe losses were up 5.1 points, offset by improvement in the underlying loss ratio. The underlying combined ratio of 94.9 improved 1.2 points. 
 In auto, after adjusting third quarter 2016 for net development affecting the quarter, the 2017 auto loss ratio has improved approximately 2.5 points. Our progress remains in line with our expectations. The year-to-date auto combined ratio was 101.5, including 2.8 points of catastrophes. The full year auto combined ratio outlook of 101 to 103, which we provided at the start of 2017, included approximately 1 point for catastrophes. We expect to be above this range for the full year due to higher CAT losses. However, we remain on track to achieve 2 to 3 points of improvement in the underlying auto loss ratio for the full year. 
 Personal Lines' written premium for third quarter 2017 was down 8%, largely driven by profit improvement initiatives and agency. Within the AARP Direct channel, written premium was down 3.5%. With improved rate adequacy, our increased marketing efforts are in full motion, and we expect to see positive year-over-year new business growth in early 2018.
 Turning to Group Benefits, we posted another excellent quarter with core earnings of $66 million and a core earnings margin of 7.2%. Loss trends in 2017 continue to run better than expected, with improved group life results and favorable incidence and recovery trends in group disability. Our execution in underwriting, pricing and claims management as well as favorable market trends relative to historical experience are contributing 4.4 points of total loss ratio improvement for the quarter. 
 On the top line, fully insured ongoing premiums for the third quarter increased 1%. Overall book persistency on our employer group block of business remains strong at approximately 90%. And fully insured ongoing sales were $68 million, up $7 million versus prior year. Group Benefits is on a very solid track and, with today's acquisition announcement, has an exciting future ahead. I look forward to updating you on this journey over the months to come.
 In summary, our Property & Casualty and Group Benefit businesses delivered excellent underlying results for third quarter 2017. I'm extremely pleased with the consistent execution of our entire team and the performance of our businesses. We will continue to maintain our disciplined and balanced approach to deliver profitable growth, and we're especially proud of our colleagues on the frontline, who are responding to the needs of our customers faced with rebuilding their lives in the aftermath of catastrophic storms and wildfires. 
 Let me now turn the call over to Beth. 
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. I'm going to briefly cover third quarter results from the other segments and some of the key financial impacts of the acquisition of Aetna's Group Life and Disability business before taking your questions. 
 Turning to Mutual Funds. Strong net flows and market appreciation as well as the addition of the Schroders funds drove total segment AUM up 18% to $111.7 billion and core earnings up 24% to $26 million. We continue to benefit from strong investment performance, with 79% of our funds beating their peers on a 5-year basis. Sales remain robust, helping generate net inflow of $3.4 billion in 2017 through September 30. 
 Talcott's performance was in line with our outlook with core earnings of $83 million, down from $104 million in the third quarter of 2016 due to lower but still quite strong limited partnership income. Over the past 4 quarters, VA contract counts decreased 9% and fixed annuity contracts decreased 7%. Total statutory surplus was $4.1 billion at quarter-end, reflecting the impact of the $300 million in dividends paid in September. 
 The investment portfolio continues to perform well, with generally stable portfolio yields, strong LP returns and modest impairments. Total LP investment income was $71 million before tax for an annualized yield of 12% compared with $93 million or 15% in the third quarter of 2016. Excluding LPs, the total before tax annualized portfolio yield was 4% this quarter, down slightly from the third quarter of 2016. 
 For the P&C portfolio, the annualized yield, excluding LPs, was 3.7%, also down slightly from the third quarter of 2016.
 To summarize, third quarter 2017 core earnings were $222 million or $0.60 per diluted share, down from third quarter 2016 due to the high level of catastrophe losses from Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.
 Our core earnings ROE for the past 12 months was 8.2%, up 0.6 points from a year ago, and our core earnings ROE, excluding Talcott, was 9.7%. Group Benefits' core earnings ROE was 12.1%, while P&C core earnings ROE was 10.7%, a good result in light of elevated catastrophe losses. 
 Through the third quarter, we have reported $657 million of current accident year catastrophes. As we head into the fourth quarter, I would note that in addition to our per occurrence property CAT treaty, we have a property catastrophe aggregate treaty that provides coverage of up to $200 million above the attachment point of $850 million of aggregate CAT losses.
 Turning to shareholders' equity. Book value per diluted share was $47.33, down 2% from a year ago, largely due to a reduction in AOCI. Excluding AOCI, book value per diluted share was $45.72, essentially the same as September 30, 2016. The year-over-year comparison on an ex AOCI basis was impacted by the fourth quarter 2016 charge related to our agreement to reinsure our A&E exposures, higher catastrophe losses and the second quarter 2017 charge related to the settlement of a portion of our pension obligation.
 During the third quarter, we repurchased $325 million of stock. And through October 12, we repurchased an additional 900,000 shares for $52 million.
 Before taking questions, I wanted to provide an overview of the financial and capital impact of the purchase of Aetna's Group Life and Disability business. We are paying $1.45 billion cash consideration, which is principally comprised of a ceding commission, in exchange for reinsuring to Hartford Life and Accident, our Group Benefits insurance subsidiary. The acquired business has approximately $2 billion of group disability and life premium, along with GAAP reserves of approximately $3.3 billion and invested assets with a fair value of approximately $3.4 billion. The purchase price is tax-deductible over time. And together with the impact the transaction will have on the timing of the utilization of our current tax attributes, we estimate the federal tax benefit to be approximately $325 million on a present value basis. 
 The cash consideration will be funded through existing capital resources, including increased P&C and Talcott dividends in the fourth quarter. The purchase price does not include statutory capital to support the business, which will be provided by existing resources within Hartford Life and Accident as well as a $200 million capital contribution from the holding company. 
 As a result of the transaction, the estimated company action level risk-based capital at Hartford Life and Accident will decrease to about 330% at year-end 2017, and we expect it to increase in 2018 to about 380% due to forecasted statutory net income. In addition, we do not expect dividends from Hartford Life and Accident through 2018.
 We will not issue debt or equity to fund the cash consideration for the deal, and there is no financing contingency. We will fund the cash consideration and $200 million capital contribution from existing corporate resources, including dividends of $600 million from P&C, dividends of $800 million from Talcott and $250 million of existing holding company resources. Both the P&C and Talcott dividends are extraordinary and required regulatory approval, which we received last week.
 Additionally, we have discontinued equity repurchases under our current program, which has $273 million left under the authorization. Given the additional dividends from P&C and Talcott this year to fund the transaction, 2018 subsidiary dividends will be significantly below prior years, and we do not currently expect to authorize a 2018 repurchase plan. However, based on the growing profitability of our P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds businesses, we have declared an increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.25 per share. This is the fifth consecutive year we have increased our quarterly dividend. 
 As previously communicated, we also plan to call our $500 million junior subordinated bond when it becomes redeemable at par in June 2018. 
 As the acquisition is expected to close in early November, and based on our current outlook for persistency and earnings margins of the Aetna business, we expect the transaction to be accretive to net income and core earnings beginning in 2018. Net income accretion is estimated at $60 million to $80 million, including the impact of about $15 million after-tax of restructuring and integration costs not included in core earnings. 
 Over the integration period, we expect restructuring and integration costs to total $50 million after-tax. By the completion of the integration, we expect to decrease annual run rate operating expenses by about $100 million before tax, $60 million of which we expect to achieve in 2018. 
 We expect core earnings accretion to be in a range of $80 million to $100 million in 2018. This includes the expense savings as well as about $20 million to $30 million after-tax of amortization of intangibles.
 From a balance sheet perspective, about half of the purchase price assigned to intangibles is classified as value of business acquired, which will be amortized through earnings over approximately 15 years. The remainder is classified as goodwill and does not amortize. As a result, there is no impact to book value per share, but a reduction in tangible book value per share of about 8% on a pro forma basis as of September 30.
 To conclude, aside from the impact of catastrophes, this quarter's results were consistent with our expectations for 2017, and demonstrate continued growth and strong margins in Group Benefits and Mutual Funds and ongoing improvement in Personal Lines' profitability as well as industry-leading Commercial Lines' performance. As Chris and Doug reviewed, we are excited about the opportunity to acquire Aetna's Group Life and Disability business, and are focused on a smooth and timely integration of the 2 companies' operations. 
 I will now turn the call over to Sabra, so we can begin the Q&A session. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. Before beginning Q&A, I would like to remind you that since this call is public, it would be helpful to everyone listening live or reading the transcript if we are able to address as many of your material questions as possible, as we do not expect to have any public investor conferences or webcasts until early December at the Goldman Sachs conference. 
 After this call, the investor relations team would be happy to explain any financial disclosures or technical tax or accounting questions that can be addressed with the information provided in our news release, IFS or slide deck. We appreciate your consideration of this request. 
 Emily, could you please repeat the Q&A instructions? Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. 
Brian Meredith: A couple of quick questions here. Just first question, aside from, obviously, the reduction in statutory surplus you'll have at the Talcott entities, does this transaction with Aetna have any impact or implications on your ability to ultimately dispose of that? 
Christopher Swift: Brian, it's Chris. I didn't hear the last part. Dispose of? 
Brian Meredith: Of the remaining kind of the variable annuity and the fixed annuity institutional block in your run-off business, any implications that it will have? 
Christopher Swift: None. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. That's what I figured. Second question is could you talk a little bit more about what happened with the underlying kind of combined ratio in Commercial, particularly the expense side? Are these one-off type costs with the technology and variable comp? Or is this something we should kind of expect here going forward? 
Douglas Elliott: Brian, this is Doug. There were some one-offs in the quarter that were important. So 2/3 of that change, roughly, in the quarter related to expense. We had a little bit of amortization, depreciation of IT and then, also, we did some true-up of our variable comp plans. And I would note that there was a little bit of a swing in the quarter because last year, during third quarter, the adjustments went the other way. So this year, when we bumped up the accruals, we had a bit of a swing, and I would look toward the year-to-date to get a more normalized view. Relative to the loss margin compression, just a bit across our market in comp and GL, but nothing that I'm concerned with, and I think it's more the normal that we've been talking to the last couple of quarters. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: First question, could you discuss the strategic direction for the company? Because since the financial crisis, you've been downsizing your life business to focus on P&C. And now, you almost double your group life business. I just wonder, what do you think about the pro and the cons as a multi-line carrier versus a pure-play P&C carrier in the current marketplace? 
Christopher Swift: Kai, it's Chris. I'd recharacterize your statement a little bit. It's life and disability, in which we'd say disability is very similar to our P&C business. We see the linkage in alignment, particularly on adjudicating claims in comp and long-term disability, very similar. So I don't think we're trying to recreate a multi-line. We're focused on our 3 businesses, as we've said, since our restructuring, P&C Commercial, P&C Personal Lines, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds. So -- and we're going to continue to try to grow all 3. Our historic focus has been on organic growth, building capabilities, adding product lines. This is the first opportunity we had that made financial and strategic sense to acquire a business that we considered core all along. 
Kai Pan: Okay. So my second question on pricing, and one of your competitor last week pushing for sort of a more cross-based, like, pricing increase. What's sort of your pricing outlook? How do you position yourselves? 
Douglas Elliott: Kai, this is Doug. Let me address different parts of that question. I'll end up with property, which is on everybody's mind. Obviously, you know we've been working the auto pricing component hard these last several years, not just in Personal Lines, but also in Commercial. That work will continue, as evidenced by some of the disclosures we made in the supplement. Also, I've mentioned in prior calls that we have turned our attention up quite a bit in the general liability space. We've been concerned with a couple of trends inside particular sectors of our Middle Market and Small Commercial book, and have been addressing those with pricing the last couple of quarters. But there's no question the last 60 days of catastrophic events, flood, winds, wildfire, et cetera, make us go back and think about all of our property pricing. We've been working on our by-peril and geographic pricing elements the last 2 to 3 years, feel good about that progress. But obviously, the severity and the frequency of what we've seen in the last 60 days makes us go back and think even harder about property, and I expect our property prices will go up in the ensuing months. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: I wanted to talk a little about where you are in terms of goals and margins on the group block you guys currently have, and where would you think that you would get to a targeted sort of steady-state on the new combined businesses. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. Josh, thank you. I would share with you, as we said in our prepared remarks, we're most pleased with our book of benefits and how it's performed on a year-to-date basis. And the margins have been healthy. We've always talked about 5.5% to 6% as sort of a normalized range. I don't see any update to that right now for our book. So when we combine it with Aetna, it will probably take a good 24 to 34 months to get to that 5.5% to 6% on a combined basis. But we're focused on integration, focused on the appropriate structure. But I have no reason not to believe that 5.5% to 6% on a combined basis should be the target for the entire portfolio. 
Joshua Shanker: And do you expect the group disability market to look notably different in 5 or 10 years in terms of consolidation following this transaction? Or in general, do you have a long-term view on the shape of it? 
Christopher Swift: Yes. I'd say, first, from, I'll call it, the product set and the needs, we're very bullish on it, right. We continue to believe benefits, including our voluntary and additional A&H capabilities, will have a place in the marketplace. We see long-term, steady, stable economic conditions, employment, so I don't see any shocks on the horizon. So it's hard to say what happens from a consolidation side, and I would say that the industry is already fairly tight around the top 10, probably controlling 10% or 80% of the premium. So I don't see any per se radical consolidation. But our aim, obviously, with this transaction is to be one of the top industry players that will continue to improve our offerings, our skill sets, our digital capabilities and really build a best-in-class platform to serve the benefits marketplace. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis from Crdit Suisse. 
Ryan Tunis: I was just hoping maybe you guys could give us some idea of what the earnings are of -- from the Aetna transaction like in a baseline year, sort of if we're just thinking about what the company's earning in -- or what that unit's earning in 2017 without thinking about any of the cost saves. 
Christopher Swift: Ryan, obviously, we don't have Aetna's forecasted 2017 earnings for the division. I think what we are trying to do to help you is we tried to provide a core earnings number with and without amortization of intangibles in '18. And I tried to lead you to think that 3 years henceforth, on a run rate basis, we're about $150 million of after-tax earnings, ex intangible amortization. So those are the points I would triangulate for your model. 
Ryan Tunis: Got you. And I guess, for those cost saves, is there going to be reinvestment of any of that? Or are you thinking about, I guess, all of that flowing to the bottom line in getting to the $150 million? 
Christopher Swift: Well, I think most of it. We think for the bottom line, I think one of the real features that we're, Doug and I and Mike Concannon, who's with us here, our business leader, is they really do have some good digital capabilities, particularly embedded in their claims system and their recovery management capabilities. So that is actually a big cost avoidance for us to spend upwards of $100-plus million to build a more modern claim platform for this business. So that's a great benefit, but it will probably take 12 to 18 months to fully integrate into our platforms. So otherwise, what I would say, it's a typical back-office consolidation of activities. I think our vision is to really create an integrated leadership team here because the Aetna men and women run a good business, have proven their capabilities in this space as a good competitor. So we want to leverage as much of that talent as possible within our organization going forward. 
Ryan Tunis: That's helpful. And then, I guess just a point of clarification. It's kind of difficult looking at the legacy, I guess, the way Aetna presented it, to really tell what's been going on, but it does look like profitability of the group business in general has gotten a little bit worse, which is -- it seems like we've seen the opposite on Hartford's block. First of all, is that a fair assessment in terms of what you're looking at? And second of all, I guess, if it is, can you talk a little bit about what you think's been driving performance there over the past few years, and how you think you might be able to reverse that or improve it? 
Christopher Swift: It's probably not fair to comment on their trends. I mean, obviously, it's their trends. I could tell you, what we did from a diligence side is look at the block in totality. I think we were very comfortable with the pricing assumptions, the reserving assumptions. We'll have to harmonize into our environment as far as discount rates and the like. But I tried to say in my commentary, Josh, that I didn't see -- excuse me, Ryan, I didn't see the need to view this as a fixer-upper. I mean, I think the block is performing fairly well, and we'll integrate it, and as business comes up for renewal at a regained rate guarantee, compete effectively to retain that business going forward. That's probably the highest priority of the integration. And Doug and I talk about it with Mike and the leadership team, is we have to have a high retention of customers coming out of rate guarantees. 
Douglas Elliott: Ryan, one other thing, this is Doug, that Chris and I and Mike have spent a lot of time talking about, we are strong in the national account space and actually across the board. There's an exhibit in the prepared PowerPoint slides that gives you a sense of their mix. We're excited. Yes, they have a strong national franchise, but they also have a very solid middle market franchise that when combined with ours, really enables us to be a different player in the Middle Market. So excited about their digital capabilities, excited about their absence management system and very excited that we're going to be leaning into the middle market in addition to all of our voluntary suite of products that we will bring to market and have been over the past couple of quarters. 
Ryan Tunis: That's helpful. And then, I guess, just lastly and maybe for Beth. Just thinking about how big is Group Benefits now as a percentage of total allocated equity at the company. I mean, I guess, obviously, it seems like doing the coinsurance deal, you'll have to -- I think you're committing $200 million of statutory equity. But do you have any idea, I guess, pro forma this transaction, what percentage of your allocated GAAP capital will be supporting Group Benefits? 
Beth Bombara: Yes. And actually included in our materials, we showed some of the balance sheet impacts relative to Group Benefits. But when you look at kind of all-in equity, and I'm looking at more on a GAAP basis, Group Benefits pro forma for this transaction will be about 17%. 
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Cohen: Two questions. I guess, the first one on the Aetna deal. From what I understand, this one has been floating out there for about a year. So obviously, others had a chance to look at this. Is there something that makes you kind of the better buyer for this business versus others out there? 
Christopher Swift: Jay, I would say we're very complementary besides being a half a mile apart. I mean, their business profile and ours equally weighted life and disability, good national account presence, good middle market presence. I think our voluntary suite of products we've built out over the last 3 or 4 years and is really coming from a sales and revenue side. So I think the natural synergies -- as I said, their claim system and some of their digital capabilities, we think are best-in-class. And how we integrate it and use that insight, particularly as it relates to workers' comp and share the benefits across multiple product lines, I think it makes us the natural buyer. There are more synergies. And I know we've discussed this in the past, Jay, but disability and comp, there are more and more synergies all the time, whether it be from a distribution side, a claim outcomes side, a cross-sell opportunity side, it is really integrated these days. 
Jay Cohen: Got it. That's helpful. And then the second question is on the California fires. I know it's early, can you give us at least qualitatively what you're seeing out there as far as your exposure, personal versus commercial at this point? 
Beth Bombara: Sure, Jay. It's Beth. So a couple of things. It is early to provide an estimate where, obviously, our claims folks are working very closely and responding to our customers. What I would say is as we see here and look at it, we see the exposure could be at or above what we incurred for Harvey, which again, on a pretax basis, was $175 million. And we really see it primarily as a Personal Lines event with relatively small exposure on the Commercial side. 
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: I have a few questions. First, can you guys -- can you tell us what equity Aetna had supporting their group benefits business? 
Christopher Swift: Elyse, I don't have that data. So the equity that Aetna had supporting it? 
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. 
Christopher Swift: Yes, that wouldn't be relevant for us. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my second question, on the auto side. In terms of the disclosures in the quarter, the expense ratio was relatively stable year-over-year. I know you guys alluded to potentially seeing the expense ratio rise as you kind of look to reinvigorate growth there. Is that something you're expecting in the fourth quarter? And then the rate increases got up to 12% this quarter. In your mind, does that -- is that as high as it's going to get? Just how do you kind of see rate as well as expenses in that business as we think about Q4 and onward? 
Douglas Elliott: Two good questions, Elyse. This is Doug. On the expense question, yes, we were about even for the quarter after a couple of quarters of outperforming 2016. In the fourth quarter, I expect it to swing the other way, so I think our expense numbers will be up a couple of points versus 2016. And that's -- as we lean into marketing, we'll be spending there. So that's the expense side. On the pricing side, I do think we are about at our high watermark for written pricing. So obviously, that written will earn its way in. But as we think about our curves, our filings, our needed rate, we are at a high watermark that will be tapering into 2018. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then one more question. In terms of the acquisition, Chris, I think in the past, you had mentioned maybe your sweet spot would be deals about $500 million to $1 billion in premiums. And maybe that was just kind of some commentary off the cuff in terms of potential acquisitions, I guess. This is obviously double that target. Is it just -- obviously, the strategic rationale that you mentioned earlier in the call. Is that what's your view, I guess, to pursue a deal that just in terms of that metric seems a bit bigger than what you had been looking for? 
Christopher Swift: Yes, I generally agree. I mean, it was an opportunity. Obviously, it's a little bigger. It's benefits. So a lot of that commentary we talked about on this acquisition side related to P&C in that $500 million to $1 billion, which would still be a sweet spot. This one was in the benefits space and just a little bit bigger, but very -- again, very financially and strategically compelling. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI. 
Thomas Gallagher: A couple of questions on the deal. Chris, if I'm understanding the math correctly, you're saying $150 million of annualized earnings power 3 years out, right? So -- and is the way to interpret that -- and part of that's going to come from the $100 million of expense saves. So the math I'm doing would suggest you're paying about 20x current run rate earnings, but then eventually, with the benefit of cost saves, you'd be paying 10x when you think about what you fully expect this to earn 3 years out. Is that a fair way to think about the multiples and evaluation here? 
Christopher Swift: I don't want to fact-check your math, but I think generally, the $150 million ex amortization of intangibles would be a key. Yes, and I thought about it more from an '18 side, forward '18 earnings with a little, like, expense servings. We're probably paying 16, 17x forward earnings. So I wouldn't quibble with your math too much. 
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. And then just related to the deal also, I think as I've looked at the block, it had some deterioration in group disability over the last few years from a loss ratio standpoint, and I know they lost a large national account business recently. To what extent have you factored those things in? Do you think there needs to be significant repricing? Or is there material integration risk as you think about the transaction? 
Christopher Swift: Tom, I tried to describe it as, it will require a lot of hard work, no doubt about it, but I think we see it as relatively smooth and straightforward. And from the block's performance in totality, I think we're comfortable where they priced it and where results have been. That's not to say that we're not going to tweak things as we go forward, but you should not think in terms of a fundamental repricing initiative, sort of a fixer-upper in my colloquial language. So I think we feel very comfortable that they've been prudent over the years, but we'll have to integrate it and run it through our pricing models long term. 
Thomas Gallagher: Got it. And then just one final one, the 330% RBC, is that a number that you expect to build back up? Or is that a good run rate? Can you talk about what your RBC target would be, where you want that to be sort of steady-state? 
Beth Bombara: Yes. Tom, it's Beth. So when we think about the RBC to support this business, we think about it long term in the 350% to 400% range. And so as I said in my prepared remarks, when we look out at the income we'll generate in '18 and don't anticipate dividends from Hartford Life and Accident in '18, we'll get back up into that range. We anticipate being at about 380%, and we feel very comfortable running that business at those levels. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Randy Binner from FBR. 
Randy Binner: I want to go back to distribution, and this [ news ] has become a very large market to a number of distributors out there. And it's the question of 1 plus 1 equals what here? And I've heard answers that you're going to be better in the middle market, and that your digital services that you're getting from Aetna, I think are a material improvement. But can you just walk us through a little bit more how you've kind of overcome that typical issue you have from a distribution perspective when you become such a large market together for a lot of the folks who move this product? 
Christopher Swift: Yes. I'll start, and then I'll ask Doug to comment. I mean, that is traditional thinking. But I would say that this market is already highly concentrated. And I think the capabilities that our combined group have, particularly in disability and the insights and our proven track record of helping clients recover more quickly, just sort of speaks for itself from a capability side. I would say also, from the broker side, we have meaningful relationships with a lot of these men and women on the P&C side. And I think it's just an additional connection point, opportunity point, profit point for them as we can do more business together. So I don't see a 1 plus 1 equals anything less than 2 at this point in time, but we've got to work hard to earn their trust. And again, as I said, when business comes out of rate guarantees, to really work hard to retain those accounts and relationships. Doug, what would you add? 
Douglas Elliott: I guess, the only thing I would add is that as part of this relationship, we have entered a multiyear agreement with Aetna to work with their medical reps on selling business together, so they will have the ability to work with our folks. And this distribution agreement, multiyear, I think, is very exciting. They have done a nice job in the past at working together, both medical and their group business, and we look forward to seeing how we can win together going forward. So Chris, I'm excited. I think our reputation is well earned in the Group Benefits space amongst the top brokers. Yes, I think there's opportunity for us to be broader and deeper in the next 200 outside of that top 10, and I think this capability and group of talent executives coming over from Aetna allow us to jointly enter that space more aggressively. 
Beth Bombara: Another thing... 
Randy Binner: Just a quick follow -- sorry, go ahead. Sorry. 
Beth Bombara: No, Randy, the only thing I was going to add is that, obviously, as we assessed this business and as we built our projections over the next couple of years, we did take into consideration that, sometimes, you can have a little bit of, for lack of a better word, shock lapse that can enter the book. So we've taken that into consideration in building our projections. But as Doug and Chris said, we do believe that we're in a good position to compete in this space going forward. 
Christopher Swift: Randy, just one final point. I mean, with 20 million combined customers, again, I really think the opportunity here is voluntary products, to be able to offer, again, through our distribution partners, a full product suite of voluntary capabilities and maybe additional A&H capabilities down the road that, again, I think will be attractive to our distribution partners going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JP Morgan. 
Jamminder Bhullar: Some of my questions were answered, but can you discuss what do you view your capacity, your appetite for buybacks beyond 2018? I think -- like would you anticipate returning to the market in 2019? 
Christopher Swift: Jimmy, it's Chris. I'd say -- I mean, you know our historical pattern. We'd like to obviously close this transaction, integrate it, get a good way through '18, see how we're performing, but the capital generation of the firm is still strong. So as we get into '19, there are possibilities of returning additional capital to shareholders, but that would be premature to really speculate and forecast right now, and we'll keep you posted as we go along. 
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then on the loss ratio in the Personal Lines business, it's inched higher in the past couple of quarters, I guess, and mostly because of the auto business. I guess, some of that could be seasonality, but could you discuss what's driving that despite the fact that you've been implementing price hikes as well? 
Douglas Elliott: Yes. Jimmy, this is Doug. It is all seasonality. Our underlying fundamentals are very solid, and we feel very good about the progress we've made, very much in line with our expectations and what we shared with you last January. 
Jamminder Bhullar: And then lastly, as you look at your Group Benefits franchise, do you feel like you're going to need to grow it? Like obviously, you've made a big bet on the Group Benefits market with this deal because it seems like you paid maybe a fair price, certainly not a very low price for this acquisition. You've also suspended buybacks and taken your business mix away from being more of a pure P&C company. So do you feel like, as you're looking at the Group Benefits business further, that you're going to continue to expand through acquisitions? Or what's your view of just how this business fits within your overall franchise, and whether you need to add additional capabilities in this market over time? 
Christopher Swift: Just to be clear, I think we have all the capabilities we need to compete here for the long term: full product set; core disability; core life; voluntary; A&H, particularly business travel accident coming online. So I don't see the need to go out and think in terms of what's the next deal that we're going to do in this space, Jimmy. It's really about execution. It's about managing our distribution relationships and ultimately, taking care of the customers that we have today. So that's our focus. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle from RBC Capital Markets. 
Mark Dwelle: It's a couple of questions related to the transaction and the guidance. Why was this structured as a reinsurance transaction? Was that -- is the tax benefits that you're going to be able to ultimately benefit from, was that really sort of the secret sauce that kind of make the math work on this? 
Christopher Swift: No, I wouldn't say that. I mean, remember, there's certain blocks of business that Aetna has in their legal entities that is not coming over, as we disclosed in our slide deck, principally, long-term care and dental and vision. So I don't -- they didn't offer us to sell us a legal entity, and I think it was structured vis--vis reinsurance to dispose of the business they wanted to sell us. 
Mark Dwelle: I see, okay. So that structure was really more motivated by their interests and motivations than necessarily The Hartford's? 
Christopher Swift: Yes. It was their legal structure. And I would say the tax benefits, there's ways of replicating an asset sale, vis--vis tax code election. So I don't want to get into a detailed tax debate, but there were tax benefits that we enjoyed during -- in this transaction. 
Mark Dwelle: Okay. The second question, there's sort of 2 sub-questions related to just the guidance figures, the core earnings after tax of $80 million to $100 million. Just to clarify, is that the core -- the earnings after tax as it relates to the Group Benefits portion, which is to say, does that number take into account the less investment income that you would have out of the P&C and Talcott as a result of the way the deal's funded? 
Beth Bombara: Yes. This is Beth. So the $80 million to $100 million is reflective of the increase we see on the Group Benefits side. Again, from a timing perspective, yes, the net investment income in P&C and Talcott would be slightly impacted by the acceleration of the dividends that we're taking out, but really not a very meaningful amount. 
Mark Dwelle: Okay. And then in that same vein, the tax benefits that The Hartford overall will realize, are those taken into account within the $80 million to $100 million? Or would that be kind of over top of that spread across the group? 
Beth Bombara: Yes. So that gets a little complicated. Again, when we think about the tax benefit, we really think about that from a cash flow perspective. How it will impact the P&L, again, since a lot of the tax benefit is coming from the purchase price and the intangibles that are going to be amortized into income, there's a piece of it that would come through the tax benefit associated with the amortization on the intangibles, and there's a portion of it that relates to goodwill, which obviously stays on the balance sheet. So the way I think about it is it really is more of a cash flow item that will impact the statutory capital of the subsidiaries, which ultimately, will provide capital to the holding company. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Heagerty with Atlantic Equities. 
John Heagerty: Just a couple of points of clarification, if I could. On the $150 million, is that -- is there any sort of revenue synergies included in that? Is that all expected to be expense synergies coming through? 
Christopher Swift: What I would say is that we have a revenue model. I wouldn't say that it is, I'll call it, aggressive in terms of what we think we could do from a revenue growth side. I think it's somewhat, we think, what we can do with our business. And as Beth pointed out to, we've been a little cautious in forecasting just what is the lapse rate renewal and retention going forward. So we've probably been a little conservative there, John. So I wouldn't say that there is a lot of revenue synergies other than I do think we could increase our run rate sales in voluntary with this larger customer base. 
John Heagerty: And then just on the timing of the integration costs, can you tell us when they're going to be -- which year they're going to be phased in and how much in each year? 
Beth Bombara: Yes. So John, we've actually included that in some of the slide materials that are on our website. But as we said, we expect about $15 million after-tax to come in, in 2018. There'll be a little bit that will come through in 2017, and then the remainder we'll see in 2019. But if you go to Page 14 in our slide deck, we give you the run rate of those costs over the period. 
John Heagerty: Great. And then finally, just more philosophically, how do you sort of evaluate making this acquisition from a shareholder value-creation perspective just compared to simply buying back more stock? 
Christopher Swift: John, we've talked about this extensively. I mean, we are very sensitive to, I'll call it, the metrics of -- the short-term metrics of buying back shares. But in this particular one, we thought in terms of the long-term IRRs, which is more attractive than buying in shares today. Yes, I think we've been focused on a growth orientation that creates new revenue streams, whether we build them or acquire them. And we balance that, I think, pretty well here with a return on investment that will approach double digits. And that's what we wanted to focus on, is having the recurring revenue and earnings stream in our profile going forward than just the short-term benefits of share buybacks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. 
Ian Gutterman: Firstly, can I go back to the tax? I guess, I'm struggling to understand what that $325 million is. Is that just like the Aetna NOL that you're able to keep on the acquisition? Or is there something that has to do with how you use your own tax benefits stash? Or what exactly is that? 
Beth Bombara: Right. So there's 2 pieces. The bulk of it relates to the fact that the amount that we're paying, the $1.45 billion, nearly all of that is tax-deductible over time. So we will amortize that, get a tax deduction. Typically, on average, it's around 15 years. And so that's what we did as we looked at that tax benefit impacting us over that period of time and what that value is on a present value basis. And that's probably about $260 million of the amount that we discussed. The other portion is the fact that with the increase in earnings that we will have coming from this acquisition, we will be able to utilize our current tax attributes, our NOLs and AMT credits, faster than we otherwise would have. And so, again, PV-ing out the cash flows associated with that is where we get the remainder of the benefit. 
Ian Gutterman: Okay, that makes sense. So is it fair to think of the consideration paid is really closer to $1.1 billion? 
Beth Bombara: Yes. I would. The way we think about it is the amount that we paid less the present value benefit that we'll get from these tax attributes over time. 
Ian Gutterman: Got it, okay. And then, Doug, I want to go back to Josh's question about just if I think 2, 3 years out, once you've had a chance to reprice the book, is there any reason this shouldn't -- is there something fundamentally different about where they play or their mix of business that it shouldn't be in that 5.5% to 6% range on profitability? 
Douglas Elliott: Ian, I don't think so. I think we know them as a competitor. We've done our diligence. We expect coming together the fundamentals of how we compete in the marketplace to be consistent with our prior approach. And those goals that Chris outlined are absolutely doable, and we expect to achieve them. 
Ian Gutterman: Okay. So a leading question here, but if I take the $100 million of savings, so after-tax $65 million, on a pro forma, $5-plus billion on a premium base, that's an extra point to margins. Does that suggest the goal over time can become 6.5% to 7%? 
Christopher Swift: Ian, you're really stretching us here. Again, all I would share with you right now is there are potential upsides, but I'd rather have you focus on what is ultimately realistic, and what we've talked about is realistic. And if there's upside, we'll talk about it. You'll see it coming through the top line in cross-sell opportunities, however you want to describe it. But let's just focus on what's realistic as opposed to anything that really pushes the bounds. 
Ian Gutterman: No, that's right. I just want to -- I was sort of trying to reverse-engineer your $150 million you commented on earlier. If I take out the $65 million after-tax of savings, that's $85 million. On $2 billion, it's only 4%. So I just want to make sure that, that -- it sounds like you should, hopefully, be able to do better than that $150 million as that 4% goes up to 5% or 6%. 
Christopher Swift: From your mouth to God's ears. 
Ian Gutterman: Yes, okay. And then just quickly, any -- I know you commented on it a little bit, but any further detail you want to add to -- obviously, there's been a lot of speculation from some of the earlier calls. I'm guessing you've heard about pricing opportunities. And one of your large competitors talked about pricing outside not being driven just by what they're seeing in CAT, but just based on the pressures, Doug, I think you've talked about before, about some of the pricings not really being attractive on a return basis. Does it feel like there's opportunities beyond just property that you can get rate on package, if you will, which implies you're getting rate on comp, too? Or is it really going to be more narrow, I guess? 
Douglas Elliott: I guess, I'll take that apart in a few different ways. Clearly, we've been working on the package area ex -- we'll come back to comp because I would separate liability, GL from workers' compensation. And we have been addressing our needs in the general liability area over the last couple of years, and you see that in the fact that we're pleased with our pricing performance in the quarter. But I do think there is potential for us to lean into both our liability and our property pricing a little harder over the coming months. And clearly, the events the last 60 days give us reason to go back and reassess our CAT loads and our tornado hail loads, et cetera, in our property book. Workers' compensation is a little bit different story. So we are managing our way through a bit more of a regulated climate in Commercial Lines. We really are very pleased about our current book performance and are trying to balance that book performance with pricing trends as we go forward. So Ian, I think we'll continue to manage comps separately, but yes, I see some upside in the pricing in our property and GL area. 
Sabra Purtill: Thanks. Emily, I believe we have one more question in the queue. But if there's anybody else who wants to ask a question, please queue into the call. 
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis from Crdit Suisse. 
Ryan Tunis: I just have one last follow-up. So if we were to have any sales from here of noncore assets, just curious how we should think about the prioritization of the use of proceeds. Should we think about capital first being used to get the capital levels higher in HLA, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera? Should we think about buyback next, and then M&A? Or does that not sound like, kind of, the right way to think about it? 
Christopher Swift: Ryan, it's Chris. We've talked about this before. I think if -- through any additional sales of noncore assets, we would first look to always right size our debt and equity ratios as we would monetize a unit. I think from there, we've always talked about wanting to deploy capital into growth opportunities, whether it be organic or, obviously, M&A, like we did here today. And then finally, if there aren't, I'll call it, adequate uses for that capital, that earn a hurdle rate of above our cost of equity capital, we would consider returning excess capital over time to shareholders, but we demonstrated the priorities of using excess capital here in recurring revenue streams, and I would have that mindset going forward. 
Beth Bombara: And, Ryan, the only thing I'll add to that, again, as we look at the capitalization of HLA, we're very comfortable with the level that it's at. And the fact that just through the normal course of the earnings generation that will be there next year, that will be within our RBC targets. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. One question on operations and one on the deal. Doug, you talked about a true-up for variable comp affecting the expense ratio this quarter. I was hoping you could dig a little deeper in terms of what underpinned that decision. 
Beth Bombara: Yes. Meyer, I'll take that. It's Beth. So -- and I think it's important to also point out the comment that Doug made on just the year-over-year compares. So when we look at our variable compensation plans, which are tied to what our underlying performance in our businesses are, if you look at 2016, obviously, our underlying performance was not where it needed to be, and we took down a lot of incentive accruals in the third and fourth quarter. When you look at our underlying performance for this year, we feel it has been very strong. And so we saw increases in that. So there's a little bit of a delta, and that last year we were taking things down. And this year, we were modestly increasing them. That shows up in the expense ratio. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. So this is -- the deal is being structured as reinsurance. Is there going to be any need for a new corporate entity or something like that at Hartford? Or can all of this business be handled within your current core operating structure? 
Christopher Swift: No, it could be handled by HLA. HLA is the, again, the assuming companies, which is our entity devoted towards the Group Benefit business. If you recall, we restructured that years ago, and there's no additional legal entities required, Meyer. 
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. And then just finally, the $325 million present value tax benefit, that's all 35%, right? 
Beth Bombara: Yes. So we did that based on current tax rates. I would point out that, obviously, if tax rates go down, that benefit would go down, but the value of the business and the earnings on that business, being taxed at a lower rate would far exceed any decrease to that value. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JP Morgan. 
Jamminder Bhullar: Beth, I just wanted to follow up on the components of the tax benefit. And if I understood your comments right, I think the 2 components are, one, the purchase price being deductible and in the future; and then second is just the acceleration in the use of your existing tax attributes. And, I guess, I understand how the acceleration in the use of your existing tax attributes creates extra value because of this deal, but the purchase price being deductible, if you were to grow your business organically, most of those, sort of the consideration and expenses involved in that, would have been deductible anyway. So I'm just trying to understand how that is sort of extra value that's being created just through the deal. 
Beth Bombara: Well, based on the price that we're paying, the fact that it is deductible, over time, we will get a tax benefit associated with that. And we think that's an important consideration as you think about the total cash flows associated with acquiring this business today. 
Jamminder Bhullar: No, that I understand, but if you were -- it's not like if you were -- my point is, wouldn't -- and any time if you'd built the business organically, any consideration that you -- or the cash that you would have had to outlay because of -- for that would have been deductible anyway, right? It has nothing -- you're just pointing out like how cash flows will work in the future because you'll get a tax benefit. But most of the time, if you're building a business in-house versus doing any deals, that -- any cash that you have that's an outlay would be deductible anyway, right? 
Beth Bombara: That's true, and I think that would be an important consideration in looking at what you're -- what's being spent. But again, the fact that we are getting a tax benefit on what we're paying, when you think about the cash flows associated with the entire business, I still see it as a relevant point. 
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Emily, and thank you, all, for joining us today and your interest in The Hartford. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to follow up with the investor relations team. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Heidi and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartfords Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Heidi. Good morning and welcome to The Hartfords second quarter 2017 webcast. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and the financial supplement. These materials including the 10-Q are all available on our website. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcasted in any form without the Hartfords prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on the Hartfords website for at least one year after the webcast. I will now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Swift: Thanks, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The Hartfords second quarter core earnings increased significantly over the prior year. Each business segment contributed to the results with clear progress in personal auto and solid investment returns, including favorable limited partnership results. Capital generation remains strong and we returned over $800 million to shareholders in the first-half of the year, including share repurchases and dividends, while repaying$416 million of debt. Performance over the past year increased core earnings ROE to 9.3%, or a 11.3%, excluding Talcott Resolution. One of the most important accomplishments in the quarter was the improvement in personal auto results. Im encouraged by the frequency and severity trends were seeing in the loss experience. Adjusting second quarter 2016 results for the unfavorable development during the year, we delivered a 2.4 point improvement in the underlying combined ratio this quarter. While we have more work to do, the quality of the auto book is much better today due to the success of the profitability initiatives we launched over the past 18 months, and we are on track to meet the combined ratio goal we set for the year. With improved profitability, we will increase marketing spend in the second-half of 2017 in selected areas to begin growing new business again. Our 30-year-plus relationship with AARP remain strong and we are working in close partnership as we transition to growth. Commercial lines achieved an excellent 90.9 underlying combined ratio, reflecting disciplined underwriting in markets that remain competitive. Small commercial again delivered outstanding results with 6% written premium growth and a superb underlying combined ratio of 87.2, despite some pressure in auto. We will continue to focus on growing in this important segment of the market and are investing significantly in data and digital capabilities that are enhancing underwriting and improving agent and customer experience. Im confident we are well-positioned to continue to lead this small commercial insurance market into the future. The Middle Market underlying combined ratio was 94.9, a 3 point deterioration, mainly due to several large property losses occurring late in the second quarter. The competitive environment in Middle Market remains challenging for both new and renewal business, which is likely to persist in the second-half of the year. We will continue to prioritize disciplined risk selection in retention of our best accounts while competing in areas where it makes sense. Group benefits continue to deliver excellent results. Core earnings increased 33% to $61 million, resulting in core earnings margin of 6.7%. The increase in earnings reflected improved group life mortality and better disability experience with strong persistency supporting top line growth. The voluntary business while still small is building momentum with our new hospital indemnity product now approved and quoting in 44 states. Were focused on growing this business and are investing in new and enhanced capabilities to increase penetration with agents and brokers who specialize in this market. Mutual funds had another great quarter, with total assets under management reaching $108 billion. In the first-half of 2017, the segment achieved positive net flows in excess of $2.6 billion, with strong investment performance across the fund lineup. Im optimistic about the continued growth of this business with our two outstanding subadvisers, Wellington and Schroders, and our recent entry into the smart beta asset class. Before turning the call over to Doug, Id like to make a few comments about the city of Hartford. Currently, the city is in the midst of a significant financial crisis with its future very much tied to the actions of the state of Connecticut. As the company founded and headquartered in Hartford for over 200 years, we remain vested in the citys future and believe its success is vital to the states economy and overall strength. While the city faces immense challenges, we believe it also holds enormous potential. Connecticut in the Greater Hartford area offer tremendous quality of life and enjoy one of the most educated and talented workforces in the country. In many ways, the seeds of the citys future success have already been sown in the form of recent investments in new housing, education and transportation. These green shoots of progress are why The Hartfordm along with other large insurance employers recently offered financial support to help supplement the citys finances, contingent on the development of a comprehensive and sustainable solution for the capital city. We strongly encourage elected leaders and other key stakeholders to come together to implement the long-term solutions necessary to address the financial challenges facing the city and state and continue to cultivate Hartford as a vibrant urban center, capable of attracting critical talent of the future. In closing, Im proud of the strong financial results we delivered this quarter and the progress weve made in the first-half of 2017, which put us on track to meet the outlook we provided earlier this year. Now, Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Good morning, everyone. As Chris said, were very pleased with our second quarter across Property & Casualty and Group Benefits. Commercial Lines delivered strong results against the backdrop of a competitive market. In Personal Lines, auto improvement improved consistent with our expectations, and Group Benefits had an excellent quarter with strong earnings driven by favorable trends in both group life and disability. Let me get right into the second quarter details on each of our business units. In Commercial Lines, the combined ratio was 94.6, improving 0.4 point from 2016, primarily due to lower catastrophe losses and prior year development, partially offset by slightly higher current accident year loss before catastrophes. The underlying combined ratio for Commercial Lines was 90.9, deteriorating 1.1 points. This is largely driven by commercial auto consistent with trends in first quarter 2017, and large loss volatility in Middle Market property. Market conditions continue to be competitive, particularly in Middle Market and national accounts, and were executing effectively the balance retention, margins and new business opportunities. Renewal written pricing in Standard Commercial Lines was 3.5%, up slightly from the first quarter of 2017, with the highest increases continuing to come from commercial auto. Small Commercial had another strong quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 87.2. Written premium was up 6%, resulting from strong retention and $147 million of new business, including $14 million from Maxum. In Middle Market, the underlying combined ratio was 94.9, deteriorating 3 points from 2016, mainly due to several large losses in our property and marine books of business. These losses can be volatile and our results for the first six months are within our longer-term run rate. Written premium decreased 2% versus prior year. New business production of $107 million was up 14%. Although, recent loss cost trends in line, such as workers comp and general liability have been favorable, our view is that, we must consider historical trends in our decision-making, given the long-term nature of these liabilities. Overall, I believe, we struck an appropriate balance between new business, pricing and underwriting quality in this competitive marketplace. On the in-force book, we took targeted non-renewal actions on a program for service and maintenance contractors. Excluding these actions, our retention remain solid and consistent with prior quarters. Middle Market operating expenses were also higher in the quarter, as we continue to invest in the talent and technology necessary to compete in this business long-term. Moving to Specialty Commercial, the underlying combined ratio of 95.9 deteriorated half a point. This was driven by a slightly higher loss ratio in auto liability again consistent with our results in first quarter 2017. Written premium and Specialty Commercial was down 3% for the quarter, largely the result of slower of slightly lower new and renewal premium in national accounts, partially offset by continued growth in bond. Moving to Personal Lines, the second quarter combined ratio was 101.4, improving 11.2 points from a year ago. 8.9 points of the improvement was driven by a change from unfavorable prior year development in second quarter of 2016 to slightly favorable development this year. The expenses and catastrophe losses were also lower versus 2016. The underlying combined ratio of 92.6 improved 1.6 points. This was primarily driven by improving auto trends, partially offset by homeowner results with the homeowners underlying combined ratio for the second quarter of 77.6, deteriorating 3.4 points versus last year due to higher non-catastrophe weather losses. In Personal Lines auto, the underlying combined ratio improved to 99.1. After adjusting second quarter 2016 for net development affecting the quarter, the 2017 auto loss ratio has improved approximately 1.3 points. The expense ratio was also down this year by 1.1 points, due primarily to reduce new business acquisition expenses. As a result, on an adjusted basis, the underlying combined ratio for the second quarter of 2017 improved 2.4 points. This progress is right in line with our expectations, as our pricing, underwriting, and agency management actions begin to earn their way into our book of business. Auto loss cost trends have been relatively stable and moderate in recent quarters more in line with historical levels. Frequency trend is essentially flat and severity trend is in the low single digits, both improving from our experience in 2016 and 2015. The year-to-date auto combined ratio was 99.1. We expect the second-half of the year to run higher due to normal seasonality. Importantly, we remain on track to achieve our full-year auto combined ratio outlook of 101 to 103, which included approximately 1 point for catastrophes. This represents 2 to 3 points of expected improvement in the underlying auto loss ratio for the full-year. Personal Lines written premium for second quarter 2017 was down 7%. Consistent with recent quarters, our marketing spend was down versus a year ago, resulting in lower new business as we address our rate needs with added filings and improved underwriting segmentation. We have made substantial progress to-date. And as we noted last quarter, we are increasing our AARP new business marketing efforts over the second-half of the year. Due to the lead times between marketing and customer conversion, we expect to see positive growth in AARP direct new business premium late in the fourth quarter. Turning to Group Benefits, we had an excellent second quarter with core earnings of $61 million and a margin of 6.7%. The total loss ratio improved this quarter by 2.4 points versus prior year, with favorable results in both group life and disability. In second quarter 2016, we experienced some volatility in our group life results, with higher than normal severity. Results in 2017 have been better than expected, with improved group life results and favorable incidence and recovery trends in group disability. The improvement in both lines can be attributed to our ongoing execution in underwriting, pricing and claims management, as well as favorable trends relative to historical experience. We continue to expect the long-term core earnings margin of this business to be in the 6% range. On the top line, second quarter fully insured ongoing premiums increased 2%. Overall, book persistency on our employer group block of business remains strong at approximately 90% and fully insured ongoing sales were $67 million. Although, down from prior year, it was a solid sales quarter and were well-positioned for a strong second-half of the year. In summary, our Property & Casualty and Group Benefit businesses delivered excellent second quarter results. Now halfway through the year, Im extremely pleased with the consistent execution of our team and the performance of our businesses. Were maintaining our disciplined and balanced approach to deliver profitable growth. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. Im going to cover our other segments, investment performance and capital management activities before taking your questions. Our P&C other segments had core earnings of $18 million compared with a loss of $154 million last year, which included $174 million of adverse development on asbestos and environmental reserves. As a reminder in the past, our annual A&E study was completed in the second quarter. After the purchase of the A&E reinsurance cover from National Indemnity last year, we moved this annual study to the fourth quarter, so there is no impact from A&E in this quarters results. Turning to mutual funds. Strong net flows and market appreciation as well as the addition of the Schroders funds drove total segment AUM up 18% to $107.7 billion and core earnings up 20% to $24 million. We continue to benefit from strong investment performance with 77% of our funds beating their peers on a five-year basis. Sales of $6.2 billion generated positive net flows of $1.3 billion in the quarter. Through the first-half of 2017, net inflows of $2.6 billion are up significantly, compared with net outflows of $600 million in the first-half of 2016. Talcotts core earnings were $80 million, down from $91 million in the second quarter of 2016. Over the past four quarters, VA contract counts decreased 10% and fixed annuity contracts decreased 6%. Talcotts statutory surplus was $4.3 billion at quarter-end. We expect Talcott to pay $300 million dividend to the holding company in the third quarter for a total of $600 million in 2017. In the Corporate segment, we had core losses of $52 million compared with core losses of $50 million in the prior year. Operating expenses in the second quarter of last year benefited from the reversal of a legal accrual, which masked the benefit over the past year of the decline in interest expense, resulting from the reduction in debt. On an all in basis, the Corporate segment had a net loss of $540 million, reflecting a pension settlement charge of $488 million after-tax, or $1.31 per diluted share, due to transfer of approximately $1.6 billion, or 29% of our U.S. defined benefit pension obligation to Prudential. As a reminder, the pension charge includes $344 million loss that was previously included in AOCI. So while the charge to net income was $1.31 per diluted share, the impact of book value per share was lower at $0.39 The investment portfolio continues to perform well with generally stable portfolio yields, strong LP returns and modest impairments. Total LP investment income was $48 million before tax for annualized yield of 8% compared with $40 million, or 6.1% in the second quarter of 2016. Excluding LPs, the total before tax annualized yield was 4.05% this quarter compared to 4.14% in second quarter 2016. To conclude on earnings, second quarter core earnings per diluted share were $1.04, up significantly from $0.31 in second quarter 2016, which included a $0.44 per share charge for A&E. Excluding that charge, core earnings per share were up almost 40%, which includes the effect of the 7% reduction in weighted average diluted shares outstanding. The improvement in core earnings was primarily driven by better personal lines results, along with higher core earnings from each of the other segments with the exception of Talcott. Our core earnings ROE for the past 12 months was 9.3%, up 1.9 points from a year ago and our core earnings ROE excluding Talcott was 11.3%. P&C core earnings ROE was 13.1%, a very strong result despite personal lines results being below our long-term target, while group benefits was 11.2%. Turning to shareholders equity, book value per diluted share was $46.84, down slightly from a year ago. Excluding AOCI, book value per diluted share was up 2% since June 30th, 2016. Before taking questions I wanted to provide a quick update on capital management. During the quarter we repurchased $325 million of stock and through July 25th we purchased about 1.6 million shares for $85 million for third quarter to-date. This leaves approximately $565 million available under the $1.3 billion equity repurchase authorization for 2017. To conclude, this quarters results demonstrate continued strong and steady operating results with consistent and disciplined execution in competitive markets. We are pleased with the continued progress in personal auto where our results are clearly improving and commercial lines, group benefits, and mutual fund results remained strong, supported by top line growth. I will now turn the call over to Sabra, so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you Beth. Just a reminder that we have about 30 minutes for Q&A, if you have to drop off or if we run out of time before we get your question, please email or call the investor relations team and we will follow up with you as soon as possible today. Heidi, could you please repeat the Q&A instructions?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. First question is on the personal auto, it looks like you are making a big progress in the turnaround. I just wonder if youre looking already further, whats your profitability long-term target and how quickly can you get there?
Doug Elliot: Thanks Kai, this is Doug. As weve described in prior calls, our goal in the auto line is to achieve a 96.5 ex-ex auto target, so that is our goal. It isnt quite at our longer-term profitability targets, but it is certainly our near-term focus and we intend to do everything we can to get there by the end of 2018.
Kai Pan: Okay and then the  sort of like the second half higher, so in order to achieve this years target, second half must be higher than the first half in terms of personal auto, the whole combined ratio. I just wonder, you mentioned about a higher seasonality, how much thats contributing to it or how much  do you have any plan to increase the expense ratio as you try to grow your business again?
Doug Elliot: Kai, let me try to take each of the piece little bit separate, so traditionally seasonality has impacted our auto and homeowners loss ratios, but certainly were talking about auto now. Fourth quarter has been our most challenging weather auto quarter and we expect the second half of 2017 to be in line with prior years. So thats why the numbers are working as they do and as you see our full year guidance, you know and you can back into what the second half of the year will look like. On  I think Ill leave it at that. Beth, is there anything you want to add to that?
Beth Bombara: No, Ill just follow up with the comment on the expense ratio. I mean, yes if we do increase as our plan is, our marketing spend in the second half, we would expect to see some uptick in that expense ratio, but again that was contemplated overall when we provided our guidance at the beginning of the year. So as Doug said, overall we see things performing very consistently with our expectations.
Doug Elliot: And Kai, just in closing, we expect this year on a loss ratio basis in personal auto. Were expecting two to three points of improvement, so were having back to offset, first half of the year was right in line with that and as we play out the second half, we expect to achieve those targets.
Kai Pan: Thats great. Last one if I may, there is a lot of talk in the marketplace about digital small business insurance, you guys are market leader there, I just wonder how do you position yourself both your internal initiatives, as well if you are looking out if there is other opportunity through acquisitions?
Christopher Swift: Kai, its Chris. What I would say is, there is a lot of activity in the fintech space in general. If I understood your question with money and activity and obviously were very proud of our leadership in the small commercial space in general. We participate in those activities through our venture group whether it be finding partnerships, doing experiments, allocating capital, the startups, so we have all types of activities in that space. And I said in my prepared comments, we are going to continue to be a leader in this space as things continue to change. So, a lot of our investment dollars are targeted towards a more of a digital business model. And if you think of some of the M&A activity thats occurring in the space and particular that what we did a little over a year ago acquiring Maxim, Maxim was specifically targeted to a small commercial end of the market, so with our technology, with E&S capabilities with enhancing digital experiences, I feel good about the path that we are on.
Doug Elliot: Kai, I guess the only thing I would add is that, there has been a awful lot of discussion about not only disruption, but clearly the frontend sales quoting and changes that may occur there. Id also remind you that in addition to those skills required, you know there is still an awful lot behind that is important to the equation, so having world-class server centers, having a terrific claim operation, having dynamic sales professionals, right; having the data and analytics and the science behind the engines, so were working on all facets of our small commercial operations. We do see change coming, we see it probably quicker today than we did a year ago, were being responsive to that change and we are working hard to take advantage of it as it comes.
Kai Pan: Thank you so much for all of the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joshua Shanker: Good morning everyone. Two questions, hopefully quick ones, can we talk about the cash tax rate as opposed to the GAAP tax rate for this quarter and what the outlook is for that?
Beth Bombara: Sure. So from a cash tax rate, when you are thinking about our earnings, keep in mind that we obviously do benefit from the utilization of net operating losses, but given the amount of preference items that we have, both from a dividends received deduction and the tax exempt interest on municipal bonds, we do find ourselves in a position of paying AMT tax, so actually from a cash tax perspective, if you are looking at our GAAP earnings, were probably paying a rate in cash thats a little bit higher than the statutory rate.
Joshua Shanker: And do you expect that to persist for the next 12 months or so?
Beth Bombara: Yes, as we look at our forecast going forward and again continuing to utilize net operating losses, but continuing to see ourselves in an AMT position, yes that situation would continue.
Joshua Shanker: And looking over the statistical supplement on Page 18, you gave some disclosures about rate increases both for auto and home, obviously the problems have been in auto, but it looks like you are very much seeking rate increases in home as well? And also seems that the GAAP between the written price increases and the earned price increases isnt very different. Im trying to think about going out into the coming year, shouldnt there be a earned lag on all of the work that youve done that should accelerate through the year or were already kind of at the full earn through of the amount of work youve doing.
Doug Elliot: Let me work each side of the question, so the first piece is that, were working equally as hard on homeowners and actually if you extend that over the past three to four weve been working diligently at homeowners for a multi-years dealing with cat zones and deductibles etcetera, so thats the reason why you see the homeowners pricing as is. On the automobile side, on a written basis, I would suggest that as we look out we expect to continue see at least over the next couple of quarters more quarters in the pricing realm written like youre seeing in June thats second quarter. The earned pricing is starting to catch up, so as I think about the last four quarters, weve moved on an earned auto basis from 6 to 7 to 8 to 9 and that will approach 10 as we move into the third quarter. So, yes, its catching up, and at some point if there is a deceleration in our auto written, because our rate adequacy improves. There will be a point where an earned is greater than written, but thats all math, right, and well see that as it comes.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. Well, thank you and good luck.
Christopher Swift: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. First question, Chris, just with all the recent news articles on Talcott, just a quick question on that. How should we think about you holding out for the best possible value in a potential sale versus the strategic flexibility that a sale will give you if you sell sooner versus later even if its at a bit of a discount, what you view is intrinsic? So just wanted to get an update on just overall view on that?
Christopher Swift: Thank you. Youre going to be disappointed. I really just feel at this point just speculation on a transaction that the whole theory behind holding, selling just is not helpful at this point in time. I think, weve been pretty consistent on saying that, weve run Talcott off over the last five years. Were pretty comfortable continuing to do that. But at some point in time, were not the natural owner of it going forward. So why dont we just leave it as that that Talcott is contributing the way it is. And if anything is done, it will always be based on an economic, conclusion for shareholders. And I think weve been pretty consistent in our approach over the last five years as weve restructured the operation. But beyond that, Tom, its just  now is not the appropriate time to comment.
Thomas Gallagher: I had to give it a shot. The  just a question for Doug. Just curious how youre feeling about workers comp results, and any signs of claims inflation coming through yet, or still pretty favorable performance there?
Doug Elliot: Tom, were feeling very good about our workers comp book of business, both Small Commercial, which workers comps are a big part of our profile and also Middle Market and National Accounts Casualty. So our trends very consistent frequency severity, medical severity, et cetera. So in general, all the signs inside the book are in very good shape. Its also causing a bit of competition in the marketplace. I think people are seeing good numbers on the workers comp side. So competing effectively like where we are if we have a strong value prop in the comp marketplace continue to do so, but also drawing some lines, particularly in Middle Market where we see at times some very aggressive behavior. Were trying to make good economic choices and I like where we are with our comp decisions.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. Two questions. First, Beth, Im just curious, I think, originally in your plans, youre planning on taking $500 million to $600, million of dividends out of Talcott this year. I know you did the  I believe 250 in the first quarter. Have you applied for the dividends, or taken the dividend yet for the second-half of the year?
Beth Bombara: Yes, Brian, so we planned for $600 million of dividends from Talcott this year, we took $300 million in January. And then, as I said, we anticipate taking $300 million this quarter, so sometime in August or September.
Brian Meredith: August/September. So have you applied for it? Im just curious.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So typically, when we apply for a dividend, it comes out very shortly thereafter. So now we have not put an application in yet. But again, we anticipate doing that sometime in August or September.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks. And then, Doug, Im just curious looking at your Commercial Lines, whats going on with the renewal written pricing, it kind of picking up a little bit here. How far away are we from that kind of matching loss trend and maybe seeing some stabilization in the underlying combined ratios  loss ratios there?
Doug Elliot: Good question, Brian. Number one, Id say, were pleased with our overall pricing in second quarter, just up slightly from first quarter. So in aggregate sense, pleased with the stability there. I think everybody knows though that auto is a driver. So were pleased our progress in auto. My focus is in the casualty lines and whats happening in property. And there were  Id like to see a little more rate. I think over time, as carriers look at their actual results, we will see adjustments. But over the next couple of quarters, Im not sure, I see anything in the near-term that says the quarters are going to behave differently. Our Small Commercial results, as we share with you in our supplement, good pricing in Small Commercial, its middle, where theres an awful lot of competition. And so our new business is down and I think theres a direct correlation between us deciding to walk away and just not seeing enough economic activity that makes sense for us. Well gauge that and share with you as we go through the next couple of quarters what the results look like.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jay Cohen: Yes, couple of questions. First, on the personal auto side, you talked about frequency and severity seemingly reverting back to a more normalized trend. Im wondering how much of that is due to the actions youve taken? How much of it is due to just the normal variability in overall trends?
Doug Elliot: Jay, very difficult to understand and be able to determine. But I would say this. We watch the fast track signals carefully. They are a quarter in arrears and you can get the data. So we always match our statistics against fast track, and so weve looked at first quarter. I do believe, though, that the actions weve taken over the past 18 months are clearly driving some of the positive change we see in our book of business. So  and as you look at the overall signals in the marketplace through fast track, you still see some bodily injury pressure that hasnt totally gone away, its still there. We feel it in Commercial and we still see a bit of it in Personal Lines. But in general, I feel like the work were doing across our class plans and through our agency plans are having a very positive impact on our Personal Line results and we continue to play this story out.
Jay Cohen: Thanks, Doug. The other question on Talcott. If there were going to be a disposition, lets say for a minute, that its below gap book value. What are the tax implications for the company for disposing of it at that price?
Beth Bombara: So, jay, its Beth. I mean, so first of all, it gets a little complicated talking about tax impacts on hypothetical transactions. The one thing that I will point out when you think about that is that, the tax basis of Talcott is lower than the GAAP basis. So the tax basis is probably more in line with the statutory book values. I dont know if that helps you in your thinking, but again, tax and tax impacts are always really based on actual terms and  of a transaction, so its kind of hard to comment hypothetically.
Jay Cohen: Yes, and I appreciate the complexity, but that that comment is definitely helpful. Thanks, Beth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Good morning. Doug, couple of questions on auto, if we can dig into that. So you talked about increasing marketing spend in the back-half of the year and the timing for subsequent growth. Can you give us a sense based on your intention of how much of a loss ratio impact there is as new business starts to pick up?
Doug Elliot: Meyer, thats a good question. Im trying to figure out how I want to answer that. I dont think I want to give you a number. I mean, in general, weve got indicators across all our lines of business and in terms of what we expect, given levels of new business. Given our class plan, I would say this. Our signals offer our new business in 2017 are showing that it might be the best new business year from a quality and a loss ratio performance weve had in many years. And so as I look at the frequencies and our new what were putting on the books today, I look at our class plan work, et cetera. Im very encouraged by the early signs of this year. So, our new business penalty and what were putting on the books could be rather minor. I want to go out on a limb, its early. The year hasnt played out and we obviously want to pick up our pace with growth and were targeted around our AARP Direct customer segment. But at the moment, Im not worried about that. Im feeling very comfortable with the progress weve made, I think, were going to have good pricing at adequate terms to be competitive in the marketplace long-term.
Meyer Shields: Okay, thats actually helpful. And on the Commercial side, I guess, Im a little surprised that were still seeing year-over-year deterioration, because I thought that commercial auto rate increases were already earning their way in. Was that a weather-related issue, or it was my timing loss?
Doug Elliot: It was a little bit more, particularly to Small Commercial. So our Middle Market book has really been written under  underwritten over the past three to four years and pretty good shape. Its just been a matter of trying to keep up with loss trend, which weve been trying to do with pricing in Middle Market. In the Small end, we had a little bit of pressure over the past three quarters. And so we have leaned into not only pricing, but also some underwriting actions. Weve triggered a bit more referral activity to our underwriters to look at a series of actions in our small commercial book. The business is down slightly. Its causing a little bit of a overhang on our overall growth, probably a point on our overall Small Commercial growth. But I think its necessary that line is now starting to behave better or combines or improving. And over the next several quarters, well be in better shape in Small Commercial auto.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb: Thanks very much. First question I had was on the Prudential or the pension risk transfer deal that Hartford have with Prudential. Is there a benefit to ongoing earnings there?
Beth Bombara: Thanks, Jay. So first of all, we were very pleased to enter into that transaction, reduced our pension liability. From a GAAP earnings perspective, I would say, in the short-term, its probably a little bit of a negative just given the nuances of pension accounting. Again, over the long-term in a volatility that comes from changes in assumption and so forth. We see this as a very favorable transaction for us.
Jay Gelb: Okay. And then on the rating agency debt-to-capital, it was 25.6% in the second quarter, but that includes the pension liability. So if we adjust for the pension risk transfer deal, what would the rating agency debt-to-capital be?
Beth Bombara: So again, the transactions settled as of June 30. So it does take that into consideration what weve disclosed in the financial supplement. I will remind you that we are right now we did issue the Glen Meadow hybrid in February and that was from about  that was $500 million, which is there to prefund June 2018 security that we intend to repay. So again, adjusting for that, we would expect that our debt-to-cap ratio would come down.
Jay Gelb: Okay. Thank you. And then, Chris, on Small Commercial, weve seen a lot of clear interest from generally new competitors in terms of getting in the space, both on agency and direct basis. Hartford is obviously a major player in Small Commercial. Can you tell us about what Hartford is doing to make sure it defends its competitive position?
Christopher Swift: Sure, Jay. I mean, I would say that again the amount of new business we write the volume of our book already speak to the results of investing in this business significantly over really the last 30 years. So you dont have 1.1 million customers. You dont have $3.5 billion, $4 billion of premium by accident. And as Doug said, whether it be service centers, whether it be digital experiences, whether it be self-service capabilities. I mean, were in the midst of, Ill call it, the next wave of digital tools that were rolling out. I would also say, as Doug mentioned, I mean, there will be always the need for advice in, I think, risk products. No matter what size of a Small Commercial you want to define from the smallest to the largest and its incumbent upon carriers and our distribution partners to figure out the best way to get those customers advice. So  but the whole  all aspects of the business model are important from a customer experience side. Its not just acquiring customers. Its servicing, its billing, ease of audit. And more importantly, in the moment of truth, when there is a claim, I mean, you have to have a an experience that engenders customers that want to renew with you into the next period. So were focused on all parts of the value chain and keep it at a high level, Jay, you would not expect us to give any secret sauce out on the call here today.
Jay Gelb: Of course. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. I had a couple for Doug and I think at least one for Beth. But I guess for Doug, just thinking about whats going on a commercial auto. How were feeling about the peaks from the prior years, because we had a comment again this quarter that it was laying on the accident year results. But there was no additional strengthening. So Im just curious how  what youre seeing is informing, I guess, the past accident years, because that was a positive surprise, I thought that there was no additional unfavorable?
Doug Elliot: Ryan, we do feel very good about our balance sheet. And we felt, as we closed 2016, we took the actions that were appropriate, given everything we saw on all of our lines, including commercial auto. Again, one of the biggest challenges in every year as you start out is to anticipate loss trend, and I understand what you think your pricing will be. And so I think about our 2017 accident year. We just tweaked auto a little bit in our national casualty excess book and also in Small Commercial. But I think not far from where we were. And as you know, in our Small Commercial space, auto was our smallest line. Its essentially 10% of the book, so I just want to get that back closer to where it should be on profitability. But its not causing major moments to step back and think otherwise.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And I didnt want to read too much into this, but I did see that policy count retention in Small Commercial dipped a little bit this quarter. And I was just curious what was driving that?
Doug Elliot: Ryan, what market did you?
Ryan Tunis: Small Commercial, the policy count number?
Doug Elliot: Yes, I dont think theres anything major there. Were competing well. We had a good new business quarter. Again, were working price in our small segment not only in auto, but other lines. Competitive workers comp space, but nothing that is out of the ordinary.
Ryan Tunis: Okay.
Christopher Swift: Yes, Ryan, I would just say, again statistically, Doug is right, but the inference is, weve been aggressive with commercial auto rate in middle and small and there might be a knock-on effect for other lines, as it relates to commercial auto. But Dougs larger point and maybe it was nuance. I mean, the marketplace in general, particularly in Middle is still highly competitive. So as Doug said, we try to anticipate and provided obviously some indicators of where we saw margins going. So halfway through the year, I feel like we made the right call six months ago as far as price pressure. If you think about long-term loss cost trends that you have to price for and reserve for or we are where we are. But equally, its also in a pretty good shape too. You continue to grind out all the activities that you have available to you to manage margins. But the simple pressure of price in lost cost trends in Middle is not a surprising results, where margins are going to be under pressure for the coming quarters.
Ryan Tunis: Yes, that makes sense. And then I guess, just for Beth, from a capital return standpoint kind of looking forward. So I guess, statutory net income has been pretty good so far this year. But on top of that, I think, the pension deal, I think you has said that is going to be $300 million of year-end contributions. I mean, how should we think about, I guess, kind of the outlook for capital return as that sort of starts to take shape for 2018? Thanks.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So, obviously, were going to continue on our current path for this year as it relates to the capital actions that we have underway. The  I would not guide you to think that the pension contribution that we have would significantly alter sort of our plans as we think about capital actions in the future. And as we think about capital return from the operating subsidiaries, to the extent that operating income and it continues to perform well. Well evaluate all that as we think about what capital we can take out of the subsidiaries next year. But very pleased that were seeing improvement there. So if I look at P&C last year, we anticipated taking $800 million out in dividend this year. Were on track to take out $850 million and well evaluate next year based on our projections of what we think the capital return can be from there.
Ryan Tunis: Thats helpful. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. A few questions. First on auto. Just trying to tie together some of the comments. At the start of the Q&A, you mentioned that the goal there is 96.5 on an underlying basis. I know you guys said that you would get to around 100 to 102 this year. So Im just trying to think together how you see and I know that the year-end 2018 target. But how you see that level of improvement in 2018. I know theres still some level of rate, but it seems like you guys are also going to push on advertising side and potentially go after some new business, were just trying to tie together those comments?
Doug Elliot: Good question Elyse, no question that there are a series of compounding positive features that roll into the 2018 year and beyond. So the rate discussion that weve had previously and also the underwriting initiatives will continue to earn their way through the second half of this year and then into 2018. So the 96.5 is the XX underlying, I still think its achievable, were working at it and I dont, at the moment, think that were going to be putting on so much new business that will get in the way of achieving that target, so were mindful of the target, our lean back into new business will be geographic driven, it will be territory where we have better rate adequacies and we feel better about our approach, so I would suggest you were going to do it in a laser focused way that will not disrupt our path back to 96.5.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay great, and then what are you guys seeing as loss cost in commercial lines kind of broadly?
Doug Elliot: Generally speaking, they are low-to-mid single digits in the aggregate right, we look across our lines, workers comp I described before, frequencies are flat to slightly down a little bit, severities depending upon medical or wage are single digits. There is a debate to be had about general liability because it takes a while to really understand what the accident year loss trends will be, but our view is that they are mid single digit-ish, properties got lower single digits attached, so in general we see a pretty stable loss cost environment, but also one that isnt stacked on zeros right and we think about the non-workers comp. lines. We expect the other lines to have some degree of small loss cost inflation that were trying to deal with in our pricing.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay great, and then Beth, I know in the outlook for the year, you guys were looking for a little bit of a decline in your P&T investment income excluding limited partnerships, its about flat through the six months, was there something inflating that number or maybe you guys coming in a little bit above your target for the year?
Beth Bombara: Yes, so a couple of things. So, as we pointed out this quarter and the same with last quarter, we did have favorable partnership returns and in this situation both first quarter and second quarter, that was skewed a little bit more to property causality than to some of the other segments, so thats part of what was driving that. And then, we do continue to see some non routine income, we talked about this in the past, we dont budget for that, but as companies tend or debt and so forth sometime we get a little bit of a pickup there, but overall I would say the rate that were  the yield that we are earnings is consistent with our outlook.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Dwelle: Good morning, just a small quick numbers kind of question. You commented that you do in your A&E reserve in the fourth quarter this year, how many dollars of reserves are still left that are sort of subject to that review, I would assume its mostly E not A thats left to be reviewed?
Beth Bombara: No, actually and we have extensive disclosure in our 10-Qs on the various balances related to A&E, but actually more of our reserves are A then E. And again as said, we will be looking to do that evaluation in the fourth quarter, but Ill just give you the page number, if you go to Page 100  Page 84 in our 10-Q, you can see the breakout of both Asbestos and Environmental Reserves and at the end of June on a net basis asbestos was $1.288 million and environmental was $259 million.
Mark Dwelle: Okay, thank you, thats all.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Please go ahead.
Ian Gutterman: Great thank you. Doug, I first wanted to follow-up on Lisas question there on the auto target for next year. Is it reasonable to assume that on a written basis that based on what youve put through so far and assuming no change in the loss trends you see in the first half of the year that you shouldnt have much trouble getting to that 96.5 on our earned or is this still pricing you need to get from here or something else you need to execute from here to get there?
Doug Elliot: You act like its so easy to get there, Ian, right? Its still.
Ian Gutterman: I said, if  actually, if loss trends are stable, Im taking that one out of the equation for you.
Doug Elliot: All right. So thats a good one to take out, right? So we are obviously assuming a baseline of loss trends. Secondly, much of the activity, the hard work has already happened, right? So weve got to earn in the written activity that we now are sharing with you, you can see it through the second quarter. And obviously, theres still a lot of work state by state to make happen. Weve got rate change activity in the third quarter and fourth quarter. But when we see through the plan, were executing as we expected to, this goes back nine months ago when we built that plan. And if things continue to execute like we think they will, that chart  that target is very achievable. But I wouldnt say without sweat, right? Were working our tails off to get 96.5, I feel good about that, but if this were a baseball game, were not bringing the relievers in yet, right? This is still in the middle of the game.
Ian Gutterman: I understand  understood. And again just given the impact of written versus earned, I assume that would suggest there should be some further improvement into 2019 even if I wont ask for a number?
Doug Elliot: Yes. Lets not ask for a number in 2019, yet.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Doug Elliot: We will
Ian Gutterman: Directionally, yes, okay.
Doug Elliot: Yes, it all depends on how quickly we get there and when we do arrive. I mean, our rate adequacies in our business plans are all built dynamically as the next 12 and 18 months kind of play out. So pleased with progress, another six months of progress would close up a very nice turn year for us in 2017, which we expect to happen, and then 2018 is a big year to move closer to the target.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And then, Beth, I saw in the slides on Talcott, there was mention of the surplus growing from favorable changes in admitted DTA, can you explain what that means and how much it was?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So in the quarter, we benefited a little bit less than $50 million from being able to admit more DTA than we could in the previous quarter. Its really just based on math of just what the rules are relative to what year admitted tax asset can be. We do see that bounce around often and we like to point that out just, because as weve talked about before. When we think about surplus generation in Talcott, movement of DTAs from admitted  from non-admitted to admitted, we dont really think of that as generating potential for future dividends.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, got it. And then sort of semi-related on DTA Talcott. Obviously, the legislation that allows you to change the entities. Can you talk a little bit about how much impact that could have on DTA going forward? I assume that allows you to manage that better?
Beth Bombara: So thats a pretty complicated question on me. And so it kind of would depend on, again, how one might use division. So I dont think I can really give you an easy answer that that would or wouldnt impact how we utilize DTAs. Its really going to be based on anything on taxes, its going to be based on facts and circumstances.
Ian Gutterman: Make sense. All right. Thank you.
Christopher Swift: Thank you, Ian.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Heidi, and thank you all for joining us today and your interest in the Hartford. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to follow-up with Investor Relations team. Thank you for your interest, and we wish you all a good weekend. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head, IR Chris Swift - Chairman and CEO Doug Elliot - President Beth Bombara - CFO
Analysts: Brian Meredith - UBS Jay Gelb - Barclays Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gary Ransom - Dowling & Partners Meyer Shields - KBW Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Ian Gutterman - Balyasny
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sara and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartfords First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to The Hartfords webcast for first quarter 2017 financial results. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our commentary today also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. These materials including the 10-Q for the first quarter are all available on our website. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcasted in any form without the Hartfords prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on the Hartfords website for at least one year. I will now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thanks, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The Hartford is off to a very good start in 2017. Core earnings per diluted share increased 5% in the first quarter, and we returned over $400 million to shareholders through repurchases and common dividends. Underlying P&C results were strong. However, catastrophe losses were exceptionally high due to elevated seasonal wind and hail activity in the central U.S. Starting with personal auto. The pricing, underwriting and distribution actions we have implemented over the past 18 months, are gaining traction. The underlying combined ratio improved over 5 points when adjusting first quarter 2016 loss ratios for the average development we recognized during calendar year 2016. Renewal written price increases have been in the high single digit rates over the past several quarters and exceeded 10% this quarter, while our accident year loss ratio picks for 2015 and 2016 are holding. While the top-line is down, our AARP relationship is a competitive advantage for The Hartford, and our deep knowledge of this customer segment positions us well for growth in personal auto as margins continue to improve. All-in, I am pleased with the progress and remain confident that we will achieve improved results in 2017 and continuing into 2018. Commercial Lines achieved the 90.9 underlying combined ratio, reflecting disciplined underwriting in a competitive market. Small commercial posted outstanding performance with 6% written premium growth and excellent margins but competition remains robust. Were intently focused on advancing our leadership in this market by innovating and enhancing our best-in-class capabilities. Were doing this by leveraging our technology, data and underwriting expertise, deep agency relationships and leading customer service centers. Middle Market delivered good performance with 4% growth in written premiums and a 93.8 underlying combined ratio. In this challenging middle market environment, we remain committed to disciplined risk selection. The overall Commercial Lines results reflect the investments weve made over the past several years, which have enabled us to become a substantially broader and deeper risk player with expanded product capabilities and new industry verticals. In addition, our acquisition of Maxum is already contributing as our new E&S capabilities have given us the opportunity to participate in the wholesale marketplace. Group Benefits delivered excellent core earnings this year, excluding a charge for the previously disclosed Penn Treaty liquidation. Top-line growth picked up to 4% and loss experience continues to be excellent, reflecting our claims expertise and the improvements weve made in our book of business over the years. Group Benefits is a core strategic business for The Hartford with a well established brand and a top five market position. The business has momentum with good traction in voluntary sales activities with our enhanced product suite and a total sales pipeline thats up significantly over the prior year. Mutual Funds had a great quarter with total assets under management now exceeding $100 billion. Strong market conditions and investment performance led to sales of over $7 billion and net positive flows of $1.3 billion including significant sales and flows from the Schroders [ph] sub-advised funds. As we look forward in 2017, our strategic priorities remain consistent: Organic growth; improved customer experience; and developing new operating capabilities. The priority for our excess capital is to support these strategic objectives, particularly in areas such as small commercial, specialty risk products, A&H, benefits in industry verticals that expand our underwriting appetite. We want to provide agents and policyholders with insurance solutions for more of their risk needs and being easier company for them to do business with. As Ive said before, we have an organic growth orientation but we will consider acquisitions that make financial sense and accelerate the achievement of our strategic objectives. In closing, I am pleased with our execution in navigating very competitive market conditions in Commercial Lines and Group Benefits and with the progress weve made in personal auto. Im optimistic about the initiatives we have underway to continue to profitably grow our businesses and to create long-term shareholder value. Now, Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. First quarter results for property and casualty and Group Benefits excluding catastrophes were very good and consistent with our expectations. Our Commercial Line businesses posted strong underlying performance in a competitive market. Personal Lines auto loss cost trends were in line with the full year outlook we shared in February. And after a very challenging 2016, were pleased with our progress. And Group Benefits posted another quarter of strong earnings, excluding the Penn Treaty guaranteed fund assessment. Before I get into the details of our performance, let me touch on catastrophe losses, which were $150 million pretax for the quarter. Wind, hail and tornado activity across the South, Southeast and Midwest was higher than normal. First quarter catastrophes typically involve winter storm events, which were not as significant this year. Compared to first quarter of 2016, our catastrophe losses were up $59 million pretax. However, last year, several catastrophes hit near the close of the quarter. We subsequently received a number of late-reported commercial losses that drove our estimate for the quarter up to $131 million by year-end. On this basis, catastrophe losses for first quarter 2017 increased by $19 million. Let me now share some additional details on the performance of our business units. The first quarter 2017 combined ratio for Commercial Lines was 96, up 4.9 points from 2016. The increase was primarily due to higher catastrophe losses, as I just mentioned, and a change to slightly adverse prior year development versus favorable development last year. Prior year development for the quarter includes favorable development in workers compensation where our loss trends remain excellent. Frequency trends continue to run better than expectations, particularly in the more recent accident years. Bond was also favorable as trends in both contract and commercial surety continued to emerge better than expected. On the other hand, commercial auto remains a hotspot for us as well as the industry, and we increased prior year reserves in Small Commercial and National Accounts to ensure that were proactively responding to the latest signals of higher bodily injury severity and increased litigation. Although the prior year development is disappointing, we continue to achieve high single digit written price increases and execute on our underwriting actions. Our new business and retentions across Commercial is down, which we expect to continue into 2017. The underlying combined ratio for Commercial Lines, which excludes catastrophes and prior year development, was very good at 90.9 for the first quarter, up 1.3 points from 2016, in line with our expectations. Given competitive market conditions, Im very pleased with our execution across all our commercial businesses, recognizing that we have more work to do in commercial auto. Renewal written pricing in Standard Commercial Lines was 3.3% for the first quarter, up 90 basis points from fourth quarter 2016. Small Commercial was up in all lines versus prior year and sequentially. This speaks to the strength of our value proposition in the marketplace and the ability of our team to execute in product, sales and underwriting. In Middle Market, renewal written pricing turned positive from flat in fourth quarter 2016. This is a market segment where price competition has been notable. Im encouraged by our disciplined pricing actions, particularly in workers compensation. Our underwriting teams continue to hold the line, exercising sound judgment on a case-by-case basis. Small Commercial had an excellent first quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 87.3. Written premium grew 6%, driven by strong retentions and $154 million of new business, including $15 million from Maxum. Middle Market delivered a solid underlying combined ratio of 93.8 for the first quarter, deteriorating 1.8 points from 2016. Slight margin compression in several lines, including general liability and auto was partially offset by favorable non-catastrophe property losses. Expenses were higher due to increased technology and other operating costs. Written premium increased 4% based on solid retentions and strong new business production of $128 million, up 24% versus last year. Our new business growth was driven primarily from our industry verticals and specialized practice teams, which weve been steadily gaining traction over the last three to four years. In Specialty Commercial, the underlying combined ratio of 97.5 for the first quarter deteriorated 3.2 points from 2016. This was driven by higher operating costs and margin compression in excess auto liability. Written premium in Specialty Commercial was up 5% for the quarter, largely the result of strong new and renewal premium and bond. Shifting over to Personal Lines. We posted a combined ratio of 99.3 for the first quarter of 2017, improving six tenths of a point from a year ago. Higher catastrophe losses in 2017 were more than offset by a change from unfavorable prior year development in 2016 to slightly favorable development this year. The underlying combined ratio of 91.2 deteriorated 1.5 points from last year. This was heavily driven by homeowners, where the underlying combined ratio for the first quarter was 78.9, deteriorating 3.8 points versus last year due to higher non-catastrophe weather and fire losses. In Personal Lines auto, the underlying combined ratio for first quarter 2017 was 96.6 with a loss ratio of 75.6 versus a 2016 reported loss ratio of 72.1. However, by year-end 2016, we had increased the accident year auto loss ratio for first quarter 2016 by approximately 6 points. Compared to this adjusted loss ratio, first quarter 2017 has improved 2.6 points, as noted in the slide presentation. Were closely monitoring the effects of our pricing, underwriting and agency management actions on our overall loss costs and are very pleased with the improving trends we see. Auto frequency moderated considerably in the first quarter and severity returned to more historical levels. The Personal Lines auto expense ratio for the first quarter was lower this year by approximately 3 points, due primarily to reduced new business acquisition expenses. The first quarter auto loss ratio improvement is consistent with our expectations and in line with the full year 2017 auto combined ratio outlook of 101 to 103 that we shared with you back in February. That outlook includes approximately 1 point for catastrophes. Written premium for Personal Lines was down 7% versus first quarter of last year. New business has decreased as we have continued to address our rate needs with added filings and improved underwriting segmentation. Were pleased with our progress to-date as our actions and results continue to track closely with our expectations. Given our improving trends and higher rate levels, we expect to increase our AARP new business marketing efforts during the second half of the year. Now, let me turn to Group Benefits. Core earnings for the first quarter was $40 million with a margin of 4.3%. This includes a guaranteed fund assessment of $13 million after tax for Penn Treaty, which we noted last quarter. Excluding this assessment, core earnings was up $5 million, primarily due to favorable net investment income with an adjusted margin of 5.8%, reflecting very strong underlying performance in this business. The group life and disability loss ratios this quarter were largely consistent with prior year. Group life trends have been slightly favorable and very stable relative to the volatility we experienced in 2016. Group disability, although slightly elevated this quarter, continues to perform within our expected range and we feel very positive about our trends. Looking at the top line. First quarter fully insured ongoing premium increased 4%. Overall book persistency on our employer group block of business was approximately 90%, and fully insured ongoing sales were $211 million. Overall, it was a healthy sales quarter and were pleased with our competitive positioning in the market. In summary, first quarter 2017 represents a solid start to the year for all our Property, Casualty and Group Benefit businesses. Overall, we remain disciplined and balanced in our execution to deliver profitable growth. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. Im going to cover the other segments, our investment performance and provide an update on the execution of our capital management plans. Strong investment performance, net flows and rising equity markets led to Mutual Funds core earnings increasing to $23 million this quarter compared with $20 million in the first quarter of 2016. At least 70% of our funds are beating their peers over the one-year, three-year and five-year period. Sales of $7.2 billion generated positive net flows of $1.3 billion in the quarter compared to $4.7 billion of sales and approximately $200 million of net outflows during first quarter of 2016. Strong equity markets and the adoption of the Schroders funds in October 2016 drove total segment AUM to $103.2 billion, a 14% increase from the same period in 2016. Talcott continues to perform well. Core earnings were $83 million, up from $77 million in the first quarter of 2016, primarily due to higher returns on limited partnerships. Over the past four quarters, VA contracts count decreased 10% and fixed annuity contracts decreased 6%. As a reminder, Talcott paid a dividend of $300 million to the holding company in January and we expect another $300 million in the second half of the year. Talcott ended the quarter with $4.1 billion in statutory surplus. The investment portfolio also continues to perform well. Total LP investment income was $17 million, before tax, compared to $8 million in the first quarter 2016, which included losses on hedge funds. Excluding LPs, the total before tax annualized portfolio yield was 4% this quarter, slightly lower than the 4.1% last year, largely due to the impact of lower reinvestment rates versus the yield on sales and maturities over the past year. For the P&C portfolio, the annualized yield excluding LPs was 3.7%, down from 3.8% in first quarter 2016. Credit experience remains very good with total impairment and mortgage loan valuation reserve charges of only $1 million before tax, down from $23 million in the first quarter of 2016, which included energy impairments of $16 million. To conclude on earnings, first quarter core earnings per diluted share was $1, up 5% from $0.95 in first quarter 2016 as the impact of our share repurchase program more than offset the 2% decrease in core earnings. The 12-month core earnings ROE was 7.6% and the core earnings ROE, excluding Talcott was 8.6%, both of which include the impact of prior development on our A&E exposures prior to the purchase of the loss development cover. Excluding the A&E charge, 12-month core earnings ROE, excluding Talcott, was 10%. Turning to shareholders equity. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI at March 31, 2017, was up 3% compared to a year ago. Before taking questions, I want to provide an update on the execution of our capital management plan. During the quarter, we repurchased $325 million of stock. During the month of April through the 25th, we repurchased about 1.9 million shares for $92 million. This leaves approximately $883 million available under the $1.3 billion equity repurchase authorization for 2017. With respect to debt management, in March, we repaid $416 million of senior notes, which is our only 2017 debt maturity. We also exercised the option on the Glen Meadow contingent capital facility, which resulted in the issuance of $500 million of junior subordinated debt. As a reminder, we intend to use the proceeds to call our 8.125% $500 million Junior subordinated debentures when they become redeemable at par in June 2018. To conclude, we are off to a good start in 2017. The actions that we have taken in Personal Lines are taking hold and we expect further improvement in 2017 and 2018. Underlying results remain strong for Commercial Lines, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds, and we are very pleased with our investment performance.  I will now turn the call over to Sabra, so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. Just a reminder that we have about 30 minutes for Q&A. If you have to drop off or if we run out of time before we get to your question, please email or call the Investor Relations team and well follow up with you as soon as possible today. Sarah, could you please repeat the instructions for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thank you. A couple of quick ones here. First, Chris and Doug, Im just curious, the underlying combined ratio development that we saw in the Commercial Lines area, I think, related to GL commercial auto, is that something that you guys are anticipating as you laid out guidance for the year kind of within kind of where your expectations are?
Chris Swift: Brian, from a guidance side, Doug could give you a little more color on what were really seeing and feeling but we dont guide for prior year adverse or positive development. So, Doug, I know weve been watching commercial auto trends specifically. Do you mind giving Brian a little more color?
Doug Elliot: So, I guess, a couple of points. One is relative to general liability, little bit of pressure from a prior program but we are watching the GL line overall. First quarter is essentially in line with a little pressure from program that we had several years ago. On the auto side, weve been underwriting, re-underwriting and working pricing last couple of years, a little bit of pressure in our excess National Account book and also in Small Commercial. So, feel good about the work weve done in Middle but we did feel a little bit of prior year pressure in Small and we felt like we needed to address both that in our National Account book.
Brian Meredith: And then, second question is, Chris, theres a bill, I believe its in the Senate right now, Connecticut Senate, that would enable, I guess, you guys could break up Talcott to separate pieces. Could you give us a status on kind of where you know that bill is right now, sort of time line? And what would it mean for your kind of desires to get rid of Talcott?
Chris Swift: Yes. I think the bill youre referring to is we call it the divisions bill. I would share with you -- its something that we have sponsored, really from all our restructuring activities over the last couple of years, Brian. We observed some better practices in the different parts of the country or the world, in fact. And we have worked with the Connecticut Department to sponsor it. I would say sponsoring it and reading anything into what it means from a possible transaction, I would not do that. I think what we viewed it as a piece of legislation and rules and regulations that we thought our leading regulator, in the Connecticut Department of Insurance, should avail itself and avail all Connecticut companies with the opportunity to separate new businesses and legal entities and transact those types of activities that are aligned to their go-forward transactions. So the bill is in Congress right now. Its come out of Congress. The legislature side of Connecticut, it needs to go to the Senate side, it then needs to be signed by the Governor. The legislature is in session, I think, through late June, and were optimistic that it will get passed and signed by the Governor.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb for Barclays. Your line is open.
Jay Gelb: Thank you. I have a couple of questions, first on personal auto. The magnitude of rate increase, 10.5% in the current quarter is probably among the highest of any of the companies I track. I just wanted to get your perspective on what kind of impact thats having on Hartford within the market.
Doug Elliot: Jay, thanks. This is Doug. Last quarter, I believe on the call, I did give you a little bit of forward lean into what we expected to see over the first three to four quarters of 2017. And this 10.5 is largely in line with that commentary. So, yes, were pleased. Obviously, this is the written element, so its got to earn its way in but we feel like theres forward traction on our actions, including pricing in our first lines book and encouraged by the start to 2017.
Jay Gelb: Okay. And then, on claims inflation personal auto, in the deck, it was mentioned that theres less impact from personal auto frequency and severity. Can you provide us some more insight in terms of what youre seeing on the trends there?
Doug Elliot: Sure. On the frequency side, Jay, our numbers have essentially flattened out. So, as we go back over the prior couple of years, we had some small single-digit moving to mid-single digit pressure on frequency. And as we look back over this quarter and the last several quarters, we feel very good, and its essentially flat. On the severity side, as weve talked on prior calls, in our plans, were in the mid-single digits, maybe on the four to five range on severity, and the first quarter essentially came in as expected. So, pleased that our view of the year is playing out as we had hoped. Very watchful, 90 days does not make a final outcome. But relative to the path we have carved and our goal of over these two years to make improvements financially that are required, very good start to 2017.
Jay Gelb: Good to hear. And then, separately, there has been some persistent press reports about potential Talcott transaction. And Im just looking at the difference between statutory capital of $4 billion and GAAP equity of -- ex AOCI of $7.3 billion. If a transaction were to come in below stacked capital, how should we think about the financial implication to that?
Chris Swift: Jay, its Chris. I dont know what you mean. To me, its math, right? I mean, youve got stat and GAAP, youve got cash and really, I dont feel comfortable speculating too much here with you on any potential transaction. So, to me, I just would tell you it will be math. But I mean, weve always said were comfortable running Talcott off over a longer period of time. Weve shrunken its risk profile and that any transaction that we would consider has to be, first, economic for us and our shareholders it needs to be a provable or a clean break, potential parties need to take care of our customers and employees. So I mean we know the conditions were looking for. And beyond that, I just would ask you to do the math yourself and you make your judgment sound what you think it means.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Good morning. My first question I guess was for Chris. And just hearing emphasize Group Benefits as a core business, how do you think about weighing M&A opportunities when you think about P&C, Commercial versus Group? And then I guess, more specifically, you mentioned youre a top-five player, what would be the benefits, I guess, of becoming even bigger than that? Thanks.
Chris Swift: Ryan, thanks for the question. I would just say, from a business and capital allocation perspective, Commercial, Benefits, Personal Lines, Mutual Funds, I mean, were comfortable deploying capital into those businesses that make financial and strategic sense. So, specifically, if theres a benefits opportunity in the marketplace, its something we would consider seriously looking at. We like our Group Benefits businesses. You can see the returns, its earnings. It has a concentration a little bit in the large National Accounts base of over 5,000 lives. So, in Dougs leadership, weve been trying to grow the small, the middle size of that. Weve completed our voluntary product suite and we think about A&H more broadly. So, it would be a business that we are now [ph] going to continue to invest in and we think we have capabilities and the brand to effectively compete over the long term.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks. And I just had a couple for Doug. I guess, the first one, growth is good in Small Commercial, but again emphasizing the competitive dynamic in the marketplace, is there potentially a need for another investment cycle, I guess, in that business in the near to medium-term, just given what youre seeing coming out of peers?
Doug Elliot: Ryan, I guess, I would answer it this way. Im not sure weve ever stopped investing in Small Commercial. There is no question there are a lot of interested parties looking at that segment, trying to participate in that segment. Weve been at a long time very pleased with last several years of progress and excellent quarter. But this year and next, big priority around digital but capabilities we have in the service center, our selling skills, et cetera. So, I would like you to think about our investment in Small as ongoing and doubling down as we move forward.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And then, in Middle Market, seeing the growth there in new business, if you could just talk a little bit more about what was driving that and how you could see the momentum there playing out through the rest of the year?
Doug Elliot: Good question, Ryan. And a little outsized, and certainly quite a bit different than last year first quarter. Largely, as I mentioned in my script, around our verticals, construction had an excellent first quarter, as did marine and some of the other verticals. So, we are still grinding our way in the generalist space of Middle and the growth there was clearly not as robust as it was in these other areas. Our momentum in construction has been very positive over the last couple of years. And in the first quarter, we were awarded two very large athletic arenas in the United States. So, feel good about some of the wins. Again, I think, it was a little outsized, I dont expect to have four quarters of growth like that in those verticals but I am pleased with the progress.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Thank you. A couple of questions. First, you talked about non-cat weather in the two different segments having sort of offsetting impacts. Can you characterize a non-CAT weather in either segment as -- not relative to last year but relative to expectations, was it unusual, either bigger or less?
Doug Elliot: Sure, Jay. I will try to do that for you. When we think about homeowners, as I talked about it, in the non-cat weather category and fire, we were essentially 3.5 points high than our three to five-year average over a period of time. Id remind you that the early part of the quarter had a lot of West Coast water activity, not just California but really up to the Northwest, got a sizable part of our book on the West Coast. So, we were impacted by that water and also in our Commercial book as well. So, a little bit out of pattern; we felt the pressure from weather, but I think things will snap back in as we go forward.
Jay Cohen: So, homeowners was about 3.5 points above a normalized level, is that fair?
Doug Elliot: Thats correct. Driving essentially to 3.8 variance that I chatted about, in our homeowners XX.
Jay Cohen: Yes. Thats helpful. And then, the other question. In personal auto acquisition costs being down, is that a function of lower commissions, less advertising through the AARP channel? What really drive those lower costs?
Doug Elliot: Yes. What was driving fundamentally this quarter change was lower marketing activities associated with our personal auto book. So, as I commented, as we feel and continue to feel better about rate adequacy, which is a going to be a quarter-to-quarter march moving through this year and next, we will adjust accordingly, Jay, turning back on those, very specific state-by-state basis. But I do think that run rate, we will not be able to continue at that. You should expect to see some more marketing expense as we feel better about our rate adequacy.
Jay Cohen: Yes. Now, that makes sense. Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Ransom from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Gary Ransom: Good morning. Theres been an increasing discussion on the impact of the plaintiffs bar on loss trends, either more lawyers looking for cases or more willing to go to trials or simply more legal representation. Are you seeing anything on that front?
Doug Elliot: Gary, we have looked hard at that issue, hard at the data, and with our new claim system that weve brought on board last couple of years, better visibility. As I look at the representation rate, its up slightly but not in big numbers. So, I do -- I feel slight representation numbers up. What I do see though on our data is a higher -- a quicker trigger to litigation, particularly at the moment around auto liability and also GL. So, were watching very quickly those cases that are with representation and how quickly theyre going to litigation and how that is working through our book of business.
Gary Ransom: Just as a follow-up, is that -- its broad-based. Do you think the industry is responding in pricing? Obviously, they are in commercial auto, but maybe in GL, is there some upward pressure on pricing because of those trends?
Doug Elliot: Its a really good point. I do think the industry is responding to auto, I absolutely agree with you. I think GL, auto liability is an area that needs more attention and would benefit by a bit more discipline across the industry. Its a line that has our attention, probably differently than a year or two years ago. I look at what weve been able to achieve on the pricing side in Middle, in that core Middle, and I think the line, over time, will demand more rate so that we offset some of the trends that we will feel. I dont think these litigation trends that others and we are talking about are going away anytime soon.
Chris Swift: Its Chris. I just would add, particularly given our book of business more in the Middle, we get exposed through our primary lines. Were not big umbrella or excess players. In fact, as we think about the future in expanding our risk appetite, its one area that really causes us pause on the umbrella, the excess lines. Can we get paid and earn an adequate return? So until we see a little more correction and realism in price and exposure, I dont think were going to deploy too much capital into excess umbrella lines in GL.
Gary Ransom: Right, okay. Should I read anything into the little uptick in renewal pricing that we saw in the first quarter versus last year?
Doug Elliot: Certainly, I asked you to read something in on small commercial. And that is we are leaning into some of the signs in our book first auto which weve chatted up, but GL. We had some slip and fall type classes over the last three to four quarter that, Gary, we have tuned up our pricing around. And so, those changes are real and they are necessary. As we step back in our Middle Market book and we look at trends, generally, we feel pretty good, Gary, about frequency across our core commercial Middle Market lines, but theres a debate and discussion were having about severity. And as I think about GL, its a line that I think youll see us be thoughtful and lean into a bit more on the pricing side. Its just -- we expect that trends are not going to be in the zero and two range, out in 2017 and 2018. I think its more likely that we feel a four, five range, and that is clearly not where the market is pricing that line at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Doug, can you give us an indication of how the adjusted auto loss ratio played out over 2016, so we can use that as a base for 2017?
Beth Bombara: Yes, Meyer. Its Beth. Ill take that question. So, when you think about 2016, we increased our loss picks for accident year of 2016, both in the second quarter and in the fourth quarter. And you may recall that in the fourth quarter, we talked about the fact that it was probably about 6 points that we booked in Q4 that related to earlier quarters. So, you can kind of think about how youd adjust the fourth quarter loss ratio. So, it really leaves second and third quarter. And the way we look at it -- I dont have the exact numbers in front of me, is that its probably around one to two points of difference youd expect from what we reported. So, in second quarter, the number we reported would be a little bit high because again we had strengthened the first quarter at that point. And then third quarter, the reported number is probably a little bit low by that amount. And when we kind of put all of that together, as Doug said, we do expect to see the improvement that was embedded in our overall combined ratios that we gave as an outlook back in February.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thats certainly helpful. Thanks. And second question, you talked about flattening frequency, again, Im talking about personal auto. What have you been assuming in the pricing just that youve been filing in [indiscernible]?
Doug Elliot: Well, our 2017 plan had essentially a mid-single digit total trend outlook. And the reason I say were encouraged by first quarter with flat frequency in the 3, 3.5 range of severity, feel like were just underneath that. So, a good start to the year. Well see as we go forward, again, next couple of quarters but mid single digits is where the entire sector has been running. Fast-track data is now out on fourth quarter, so youve got to peek at that. And that has been our lean plus experience into our filing state-by-state. Theres a lot geography and a lot of specificity in terms of territories that obviously loads up an individual state.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel from Janney. Your line is open.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Hartford. Following up a little bit on Garys question. So, I think what youre saying is that the sort of rates that youre taking, 3% or so in Standard Commercial arent like keeping up with underlying trend which you thought might be closer to 5. Ill give you credit, youre one of the few companies publicly sort of saying that our are underlying commercial will be deteriorating this year in your guidance. Are we still at a point where youre looking at 12 months margins are coming down or can you sort of offset that with better risk selection?
Doug Elliot: Bob, this is Doug. First thing I would say is when we think about our operating margins, Id separate Small from Middle, just theyre very different marketplaces. But overall, our theme, my comments back 90 days ago, as I look out across, in general pricing has been at or slightly below loss trends for some period of time, several quarters at least. And the math on that, as you roll into 2017, unless youre predicting very encouraging severity signs across auto, GL and compensation and the medical, its hard for the math to work in any other direction but pressure on core margins. So thats my own personal view. This is several cycles for me. Im encouraged by our pricing lift in the first quarter though. So, the other side of that is the 90 basis-point lift in pricing, both in Small and a little bit of benefit in Middle, Im encouraged, encouraged with our discipline. And maybe we have a bottoming, if you will, on the pricing side in Commercial. That would be a good thing because weve worked hard to achieve the operating levels were at. Very pleased about those levels but I dont want to give them away. And that is a debate were having everyday across our lines, across all our businesses but in a very segmented way. Did that help?
Bob Glasspiegel: Yes, very much. Switching gears, just on your acquisition target. Is there a size of what the ideal type company and how big you could go on an acquisition?
Chris Swift: Bob, its Chris. I would say, just a couple thoughts on M&A in general that weve been proactive in the marketplace. Were very disciplined about our approach. It has to make strategic and financial sense. So, we think in terms of a bolt-on and/or extensions into adjacent markets that would be a little less complex to integrating into The Hartford. But I would also say were open to larger opportunities that accelerate our growth in markets, product lines, geographies that we want to be in. That, I would characterize as a target that has anywhere as between $500 million and $1 billion of premium. So, I dont know if that helps size, your size question, but I think that would be something digestible. But again, it has to make the financial sense, and weve being disciplined, given weve been at this over the last four years. And weve said no to a lot of opportunities. So, thats what I would say, Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Randy Binner from FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Randy Binner: Hey, good morning. Thanks. I wanted -- I think this question is for Doug. I just wanted to jump back and kind of weave together some of those commentaries. So, it sounds like in kind of the Ill call it, the Small Commercial or Middle Market book, your severity trend is maybe in their loss trend rather is more in maybe in the 4% to 5% range. But then, drilling in on commercial auto, I think I heard your comments to say that you were planning on mid-single-digit loss trends, so call it 4% to 5%. But then, youre below that now. So, I just wanted to clarify that Im kind of hearing that right because some of the loss trend data points would begin in this earnings season would indicate that commercial auto is still kind of higher single digits and really is not stabilizing. So, Im just trying to tie that all together that you do see commercial auto trend stabilizing here.
Doug Elliot: The commercial auto results, Id start by saying, are not acceptable and are not acceptable in our book, and were determined to continue to work at that. In the Middle Market, over the past four years, weve put 37 points of rate into the book of business. So, good news is that with re-underwriting and rate, its a much healthier book but were also dealing with the same dynamics in the marketplace relative to driving behavior that weve faced in Personal Lines. So, Middle has been a pricing story after years of re-underwriting. I feel pretty good about our core book. In Small Commercial, we face some pressures over the last three quarters that to me have also come from the Personal Lines re-underwriting. And thats a book where in our micro end weve got many businesses that have 1 and 2 and 3 employees. So I think there is a lot we can learn from Personal Lines. Were not pleased about our performance in Small Commercial and the auto side, were addressing it through not only underwriting and pricing. And we still feel pressure on the bodily injury side of those trends in both Small and Middle with auto. So, Im feeling mid-single-digit pressure on severity in our Commercial auto book and I dont expect that to change, because I think thats largely what we see out in the external environment and what our view of the external data is saying to us. And therefore, were building our action plans around that.
Randy Binner: Are there particular kind of sub-segment to commercial auto though that are still kind of spiking into the high single digits? Im just trying to reconcile some of the data points were hearing out there. Because I know youre going to have a bigger look at the market and then the fast-track data you discussed with 2. But are there still pockets that are seeing kind of bigger lifts especially in BI severity?
Doug Elliot: Well, there certainly is a geography twist to that. So, there are ZIP Codes and areas of the country where we feel more pressure than others. There are class dynamics to it. In Small Commercial, Ive mentioned in the past that we have changed our referral triggers on several of those classes that used to just hit the glass for quotes and run right through. Now, well take those quotes at a technology level and bring them back to an underwriter for more-strict underwriting. So, yes, I would say both class and geography are definitely triggers that were looking at and impact an aggregate performance that needs more pricing and more underwriting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. I had a question first on the auto book. I appreciate the additional disclosure this quarter. When I look at the underlying loss ratio for the first quarter, we see the year-over-year improvement but Im thinking, when I think about going forward, seasonally auto does run stronger margins in the first quarter. But does the fact that youre going to be earning in more rate over the rest of three quarters, change some of the seasonality that you expect when you think about the underlying loss ratio, Q2 to Q4 versus what you printed in the first quarter?
Doug Elliot: Elyse, this is Doug. Our plan did kind of play that. So largely, our expectations for the year and our guidance stands as is. So, yes, youre absolutely right. This seasonality that weve seen in the past, we expect to continue. And essentially our pricing objectives are being met. And we continue to work hard to achieve the next three quarters, so that we can have a full year and get this back on track.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then, last quarter, you guys provided on some color around the retention within the auto book in terms of kind of by loss ratio. The retention did come down on the overall book a little bit in the quarter. But, when you would look by loss ratio band in a way, did you see kind of the same dynamics where youre seeing a greater drop in retention within some of the more-higher loss ratio part of the book?
Doug Elliot: We did, Elyse. We saw a very similar pattern, which is actually why we didnt put the exhibit. It would have been very similar to what you saw 90 days ago.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then, Chris, when we, last quarter, discussed the possibility of you guys putting into sale of Talcott, you had mentioned the potential proceeds from a sale that your preference would be to use that towards managing down leverage as well as M&A. Subsequent to that, weve addressed it earlier in this call, theres spill going through Connecticut. Does the ability to sell parts of Talcott, and so obviously different sales could happen at different times, and the level of proceeds would come in at different periods of time. Does that change how you would consider thinking about what you might do with the proceeds?
Chris Swift: Yes. Elyse, I would say, its got very tactical in an area that were not going to speculate or comment on. One, Id remind you that bill is only through half of the legislature, so the other half needs to approve it and the Governor needs to sign it. As I said, we expect that to happen in June. And then, well evaluate things from there. But, I think its way too premature to go down the path that you are going down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: Hi. Thank you. Doug, you mentioned in your script about being able to restart marketing for AARP in the second half. Should I take that as a sign that you feel pretty good about the progress youre making to have the confidence to do that?
Doug Elliot: Ian, you should feel good that we are pleased with the early start to progress. Ill remind you, and this is a multiyear effort, so one quarter does not make the goal we have in mind. But pleased about the early signals of our initiatives across underwriting and claims and pricing, et cetera. And again, you can see it because we shared transparently, theres a direct side of this financial dynamic and then theres the agency piece. And our top line is a bit more moderated in the agency side, so were not shrinking early as much as we are in total, and thats something that is a clear focus for us. Weve got terrific partners at AARP. And we are intent upon stabilizing this book and looking for opportunities to grow going forward. That is our goal. And I think were going to be at a healthier spot in the second half of the year to achieve that. And as such, we will direct marketing activities accordingly.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. I mean, I assume you if felt that you still didnt have your arms around this, you wouldnt be thinking about growing the book then. Is that a fair assessment?
Doug Elliot: Thats a very fair assessment.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, great. And just a broader question for everyone to take it on reserves. Obviously, you said the last few years, you disclosed in the K the range about the midpoint and its continued to creep up but that hasnt really shown up yet in reserve releases. And Im just wondering, philosophically, how you guys think about that. Is the goal sort of to keep growing that range above the midpoint each year and sort of keep the base reserve releases around zero and strengthen the balance sheet for the future or is it just that most of that move above the midpoint has been in the recent accident years and theyre just not seasoned enough and over the next, call it, near to midterm, once it gets more seasoned, well start to see sort of more consistent releases?
Chris Swift: Its Chris. Ill let Beth comment also, but philosophically, there is no target there. I mean, we evaluate reserves every quarter and try to use our best math, our best judgment, both on whats happening and the potential scenarios, sensitivities going forward. So, that really informs sort of our view of what our carried position is compared to the actuarial indications. So, I would dissuade your mind into thinking in terms of a math equation, program releases should start to come because its really facts and circumstances. And again, personally speaking for one member of our team, I mean, we are watching inflation very closely. We see wage pressures; we see litigation pressures in other areas. So, the wage sensitivity we have in our book and comp in disability is material. So, we want to be very, very prudent, have those accident years seasoned with great deal of certainty before we deal with them.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ms. Purtill, Ill turn the call back over to you.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Sarah, and thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in The Hartford.  Just as a reminder, we will hold our annual general meeting of shareholders on May 17th in The Hartfords offices here in Hartford, Connecticut. So, dont forget to vote. And if you have any additional questions about our quarter, please do not hesitate to follow up with Investor Relations. We wish you all a good weekend. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-03 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lisa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Good morning and welcome to The Hartford's webcast for fourth quarter 2016 financial results. The news release, investor financial supplement and slides for this quarter were all posted on our website yesterday. Please note that we will file our 10-K on February 24. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our presentation today also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcasted in any form without the Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on the Hartford's website for at least one year. I will now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thanks Sabra, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Hartford delivered strong results in commercial lines and group benefits despite sustain competition this quarter, while personal auto performance remains under pressure from loss cost trends. Doug will cover P&C and Group benefit results in a few minutes. And I wanted to highlight notable 2016 accomplishments that demonstrate the Hartfords underwriting discipline, effective execution and fundamental strengths of our platform. Commercial Lines delivered an exceptionally strong underlying combined ratio of 89.4 for the full year. The performance reflects the Hartfords best-in-class operating capabilities, strong market positions and disciplined underwriting. During the year, we also made progress on our strategy to broaden our risk appetite including entry into the E&S space with the acquisition of Maxum, expanded multinational capabilities through our partnership with AXA and the launch of a dedicated energy practice. Group Benefits delivered very good results for the full year, with the core earnings margin of 5.7%. We generated profitable growth in this segment reflecting strong sales, persistency and an improved loss ratio. We continue to execute on our Group Benefits growth strategy, enhancing the products suite with the addition of dental and vision for the small case market in new voluntary offerings. At Talcott, we continue to effectively and efficiently manage the runoff of the annuity blocks. Over the past two year, Talcott has returned $1.75 billion of capital to the holding company and we expect an additional $600 million in 2017. During 2016, we also addressed our legacy P&C exposures, which over the past few years has generated substantial adverse development. In July, we agreed to sell the runoff UK subsidiaries to Catalina, which we expect to close in the next few months. And at year-end, we reinsured the remaining legacy U.S. A&E liabilities to National Indemnity. While these actions resulted in modest book value dilution, we believe that the economic trade-off was well worth the near-term costs. Turning to Personal Lines, we are encouraged about moderating frequency, but remained concerned about bodily injury liabilities severity trends. As a consequence, we have strengthened prior year reserves and current accident year loss picks. In setting year-end calls for accident years 2015 and 2016, we placed higher weight on the most recently emerged bodily injury severity experience. We are intently focused on improving the profitability of this business. During the year we accelerated pricing, distribution and underwriting initiatives, resulting in a sharp drop in new business. Doug will provide you with more background on these actions and the progress we have achieved over this past year and I am confident that we will deliver improved results in 2017. Finally, before turning the call over to Doug, Id like to briefly cover our 2017 goals and expectations; Given the significant progress that Hartford has made over the past several years, I am confident in our ability to continue to perform well in an environment that we expect to remain challenging in 2017. We expect competition to remain robust for the coming year, with new entrance aggressively seeking in roads into our markets and peers fighting hard to retain their business. Technological, innovation and its potential effect on business models is also adding to the competitive intensity. In addition to these trends, 2017 presents higher regulatory, fiscal and macro-economic uncertainty. We are closely monitoring developments on capital health, including corporate tax reform, infrastructure spending in the possible repel or replacement of ACA and other changes in regulations all of which could impact us. With that backdrop, our strategy and focus in 2017 remain consistent. Hartford will prioritize long-term growth initiatives by investing in products, distribution, data and analytics and digital capabilities to provide more value to our agents and customers. These investments are aimed at providing us with critical insights and creating seamless interaction for customers across each of our businesses. Specifically, in 2017 we intent to maintain strong margins in Commercial Lines and Group Benefits and to approve auto profitability. Our goal is to grow core earnings and book value per share, supported by continued capital management, including $1.3 billion of share repurchases and efficient debt management. We will continue to relentlessly scrutinize our expense structure, recognizing the importance of operating efficiency to competitive strength. In closing, I am proud of what the Hartford accomplished in 2016. We delivered strong financial results excluding auto, we returned $1.7 billion of equity to shareholders through repurchases in common dividends and continue to reduce debt outstanding and we significantly improved our operating capabilities and expanded our risk appetite. As we enter 2017, I am confident we are taking the right steps in our competitive markets as we continue to invest for long-term growth and shareholder value creation. Now, Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris and good morning, everyone. We had an excellent 2016 in Commercial Lines and Group Benefits, particularly in light of the growing competitive dynamics weve seen in these markets. Before I share details on our commercial businesses, let me get right into Personal Lines, where I only can describe 2016 auto loss trends as challenging and our financial performance as disappointing. For the fourth quarter, we posted a Personal Lines core loss of $17 million, cat losses for the quarter were $28 million, $7 million higher than in 2015. The underlying combined ratio which excludes catastrophes and prior year development was 101.8, deteriorating 8.3 points from last year. This is primarily due to higher auto loss costs, partially offset by lower expenses. In homeowners the underlying combined ratio for the fourth quarter of 74.7, deteriorated 2.3 points versus last year. The fourth quarter of 2015 experienced very favorable results compared to our longer term average. Overall our homeowners performance remains very solid and we continue to effectively manage rate needs and underwriting execution. In Personal Lines auto, we continue to see higher than expected overall loss cost trends. On the positive side, our current estimate of the change in frequency for the second and third quarters of 2016 has moderated versus our estimates 90 days ago. The change in bodily injury severity on the other hand has increased and continues to be an area of intense focus affecting both current and prior accident years. We recorded $20 million of prior year development in auto liability, primarily related to accident year 2015. We also increased the accident year 2016 loss ratio by approximately 2.5 points. Throughout the year we have been executing on substantial rate underwriting, agency management and new business actions. We have provided a new exhibit in our slide package that depicts our progress within segments of our auto book. We are measuring and managing our actions by state and customer cohort very closely. Let me provide commentary on three examples of the actions were taking. First, written pricing in the fourth quarter was 9%, increasing 3 points from prior year and 2 points sequentially. I expect this number to increase an additional 1 to 2 points over the next few quarters. The earned premium impact of this rate is ultimately based on the customers we renew, but the combination of rate increases and mix change in the book of business will drive auto margin improvement in 2017 and 2018. Second, we reduced our new business marketing efforts in many jurisdictions until more adequate rates are in effect. Auto new business for the fourth quarter was down 58% with other agency off 64%. We are confident that we can return to new business growth once adequate rate levels are in placed to deliver our target returns. And third, lower new lower new business also results in reduced market expense and lower operational costs, which contributed to a 3.5 point improvement in the expense ratio for the fourth quarter. These actions and others will have a favorable effect on our loss ratio as higher average premium per policy and improved book of business mix are reflected in our earned premium. In commercial lines, we delivered $277 million of core earnings for the fourth quarter, on a combined ratio of 91.3, 3.2 points higher than 2015. Catastrophe losses for the quarter were $20 million higher than in 15, driven mainly by Hurricane Matthew and hail events in the Southwest. The fourth quarter also included 1.2 points of unfavorable prior year development versus 1 point of favorable development in the fourth quarter of 2015. The unfavorable prior year development was related to commercial auto and package business partially offset by prior year development and workers compensation being favorable. Commercial auto continues to be under pressure in our book of business and across the industry. We recorded $38 million pre-tax of prior year development to address severity trends, primarily in Small Commercial related to accident year 2015. We continue to achieve high single-digit written price increases in this line and have taken aggressive underwriting actions including enhanced referral criteria, resulting in lower retention and lower new business. We also recorded $15 million pre-tax of prior year development in the package business to address general liability severity trends and Small Commercial. The underlying combined ratio for Commercial Lines was 88.2 for the fourth quarter flat compared to 2015. This reflects improve current exiting year results in workers compensation, offset by weaker results in commercial auto. Renewal written pricing in Standard Commercial Lines was 2% for both the full year and the fourth quarter holding steady throughout the year. I'm very pleased with this outcome, which reflects the underwriting rigor and discipline of our team in our competitive marketplace. Written premium of $1.7 billion for the quarter was up 3% from 2015, driven primarily by growth in Small Commercial including the acquisition of Maxum. Let me provide some detail of each of our commercial business units. Small Commercial had a solid fourth quarter to cap off an outstanding year. The underlying combined ratio for the quarter was 86 up 0.9 point from 2015. Written premium for the fourth quarter grew by 7% driven by strong retentions and a $145 million of new business including Maxum. In middle market we demonstrated strong underwriting and pricing discipline delivering an underlying combined ratio of 88.9 for the fourth quarter improving 0.1 point from 2015. Written premium increased 1% based on solid retentions and new business production of a $133 million up 17% versus prior year. We are encouraged by these results, which we attribute to growing momentum on a number of strategic initiatives including our recently launched energy practice and our expanded multinational capability. Weve received very positive feedback from our agents and customers that were delivering a well-integrated and comprehensive solution for their international needs. As a result were finding opportunities to win new accounts based in the U.S. with international exposures that we might not have quoted in years prior. In Specialty Commercial the underlying combined ratio 94.8 for the fourth quarter improved from 98.1 in 2015. This was driven by strong performance in national accounts workers compensation, bond and financial products. Now let me turn to Group benefits. Core earnings for the fourth quarter increased to $59 million up from $40 million in 2015 with a core earnings margin of 6.5%. The Group disability loss ratio for the quarter deteriorated by 1.1 points compared to prior year due to higher severity, partially offset by pricing, as well as favorable incidence and recovery trends. The volatility we experienced in prior quarters in group life abated this quarter. The group life loss ratio improved 5.4 points versus 2015, largely due to favorable changes in reserve estimates. Looking at the top-line fourth quarter fully insured ongoing premium increased 2%, overall book persistency on our employer group block of business held in the high 80s for the year and fully insured ongoing sales were $43 million. Looking back on 16 were pleased with the performance of our Commercial Lines and group benefit businesses. Particularly as we navigate these competitive markets. In personalized were addressing our challenges with clear actions and our commitment to sustainable financial progress in 2017. Before I turn over to Beth let me offer a few comments on 2017. We expect that the market will be as competitive or more than the market we say in 2017. We remain committed to underwriting discipline and delivering strong margins only seeking growth when it meets our profit targets. In Commercial Lines were focused on leveraging our expertise and tools to aggressively compete at the front line. Well continue to improve our capabilities to better meet the changing demands of both customers and distributors who are seeking new product capabilities, increased access to our expertise and greater convenience in their service transactions. Due to the competitive markets in the marketplace, we expect that for lines of business with strong returns long-term loss cost trends will continue to outpace written pricing increases. As a result we expect an overall 2017 Commercial Lines combined ratio between 92.5 and 94.5 including 2.3 points of catastrophes. At the midpoint this is slightly higher than our results in 2016 yet still performing at attractive return levels. We will remain vigilant in addressing long-term loss cost trends, as well as taking immediate actions in areas that are under pressure. In first lines we will continue our disciplined actions to restore profitability in auto by continuing to execute on our pricing, underwriting and agency management actions. Were investing in capabilities to better harness data and thereby refine our underwriting and pricing analytics. We remain deeply committed to our long-term partnership with ARP with initiatives to deliver greater customer value and achieve higher levels of customer satisfaction. We expect to achieve a Personal Lines combined ratio of 99 to 101 including 5.8 points of catastrophes. This implies in the auto combined ratio of 101 to 103 with approximately 1 point of catastrophes. Although clearly not a very target performance levels, this presents substantial progress towards that goal. In group benefits we're looking to drive growth in our core employer group offerings, as well as our voluntary product suite. January 2017 renewal retention is tracking consistent with prior year and January sales include a number of solid wins, but will be down from a year ago. We will add hospital indemnity in April of this year to our current voluntary lineup of disability flex, critical illness and accident. We expect group benefits performance to be relatively consistent with 2016, excluding a guarantee fund assessment for Penn Treaty. Our current estimate of this assessment is approximately $13 million after tax. For property and casualty and group benefits overall, we will continue to compete in an aggressive and disciplined manner in 2017. Competition from not only traditional names, but newer entrance as well continues to intensify versus a year ago. Our core priorities remain unchanged, profitable product and underwriting expansion, deep partnerships with our distributors and outstanding value to our customers. In summary, 2016 was a very strong year in so many respects yet very challenging in others. As always there is work in front of us for 2017 and we're fully committed to the journey ahead. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. I'm going to cover the other segments our investment performance and update you on our capital management plans. Mutual Funds core earnings totaled $17 million this year down from $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, principally due to transaction expenses for the acquisition of Lattice and the adoption of Schroders U.S. mutual funds. Asset management fees rose about 3% from the prior year due to higher average daily AUM. Although the growth in fees continues to be impacted in part by the shift to lower fee mutual funds. Total AUM increased 6% including the impact of both market appreciation and almost $3 billion from the Schroders funds. Talcott continues to perform well, core earnings were $111 million, up strongly from $83 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 due to higher returns on limited partnerships and a $14 million tax benefit from a prior year federal tax audit. Aside from these items Talcotts core earnings declined due to lower variable annuity fee income driven by the run-off of the book. During 2016 VA contract count decreased by 10%, which we expect will drive a similar rate of increase in Talcotts 2017 core earnings excluding the favorable items in 2016. In the slides posted to our website last night we also provided our annual update of Talcott statutory capital allocation by product. The capital allocation has not changed materially since last year, consistent with prior year's significant portion of Talcott capital supports our institutional and individual fixed annuity blocks. At year-end statutory surplus totaled $4.4 billion and the capital allocation shows expected 2017 dividends of $600 million, $300 million of which we received in January. We also provided an update on capital margins in base stress and favorable scenarios. Our analysis of Talcotts capital adequacy remains focused on the stress scenario not based on current capital or market conditions. Our goal is to maintain at least 200% company action level risk based capital in the stress scenario and also considers liquidity, intangible assets and other factors. The assumptions used for these scenarios, which we also provided are generally consisted with prior years. The stress scenario has a 40% drop in equity markets from current levels are roughly 1350 on the S&P 500, lower interest rates and significant credit losses. As summarized in the slide, in the stress scenario we estimate the capital margin to be about $1.4 billion at year-end 2018, compared with $2.9 billion in the base case. Both scenarios include $600 million of dividends in 2017. Consistent with prior year, the primary impacts in the stress scenario come from interest rates and credit losses, primarily in the individual fixed and institutional annuity blocks and decreased fee income on the VA block. This amount of capital margin demonstrates that Talcott is adequately capitalized for adverse capital market environments. Turning to investments, all-in results were strong this quarter and included high returns on real-estate and private equity LPs. Total LP investment income was $73 million before tax compare to $12 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 for an annualized return of 12% this quarter and 8.5% for full year 2016. Excluding LPs the total before tax annualized portfolio yield was 4.2% this quarter, slightly better than 4.1% last year largely due to non-routine investment income such as prepayment penalties on mortgage loans and make whole payments on fixed maturities. These items are episodic and were especially high this quarter totaling $32 million before tax, about 2.5 times higher than the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding LPs and non-routines the annualized portfolio yield was essentially flat. For the P&C portfolio the annualized yield excluding LPs was 3.9% up from 3.7% in fourth quarter of 2015, but relatively flat adjusted for the non-routine items. Full year P&C net investment income was about $1.2 billion including $101 million for LPs. Looking at 2017, based on current interest rates we expect the P&C net investment income excluding limited partnership to decline about 7% to $1 billion before tax for two principle reasons. The first driver of lower P&C investment income is that we expect a slightly lower P&C portfolio yield excluding LPs. The full year portfolio yield was 3.8%, the 2016 reinvestment yield were about 60 basis points lower than sales and maturities, resulting in a sequential decline in the portfolio yield during 2016. Although higher reinvestment rates could offset some of this pressure credit spreads have also tightened and we would expect a lower level of non-routine items in a higher rate environment. To give you an idea of sensitivity to higher interest rate, we estimate that if 2017 reinvestment rates were 50 basis points higher across the curve, 2017 full year P&C net investment income would increase by about $20 million before tax. The second factor driving P&C net investment income lower in 2017 is that P&C investment portfolio will decreased by about $1 billion or 3% early in the year due to the net impact of the $650 million we paid in January for the National Indemnity Cover and the pending sale of the UK P&C runoff subsidiaries. Turning to credit performance, our experience remains very good with total impairments in mortgage loan valuation reserve charges of $12 million before tax down from $42 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, which included losses on some energy, mineral and mining related exposures. To conclude on earnings, fourth quarter core earnings per diluted share were $1.08 essentially flat with $1.07 in fourth quarter 2015 as the impact of our share repurchase program offset the 7% decrease in core earnings. For the full year core earnings ROE was down due to Personal Lines results and the second quarter charge for adverse development for A&E. 2016 core earnings ROE excluding Talcott was 8.9% and the P&C core earnings ROE was 9.9%. Excluding the A&E charge the 12 month core earnings ROE excluding Talcott was 10.3% and P&C was 12%. Turning to shareholders equity, book value per diluted share excluding AOCI at December 31, 2016 was up 3% compared to a year ago. Before turning to your questions, I wanted to provide an update on our capital management plans. During the quarter, weve repurchased $280 million of stock, which completed the $4.375 billion equity repurchase plan that expired on December 31st. In January of this year, we repurchased about 2.3 million of shares for $110 million, which leaves approximately $1.2 billion available under the 2017 equity repurchase authorization. With respect to debt management plans, in October we repaid $275 million of maturing debt. As we previously announced, we will repay $416 million of senior notes at maturity in March, which is our only debt maturity in 2017. In addition to these two actions, we also intend to call our 8.125, 500 million of junior subordinated bond, when it becomes redeemable at par in June of 2018. To fund this call this month we will exercise our put option on the Glen Meadow contingent capital facility, which will result in the issuance of $500 million of junior subordinated debt. This debt will have a floating rate coupon of three months LIBOR, plus 212.5 basis points or about 3 and 1.8% at current rates. The impact of these actions are debt-to-total capital ratios will be modest as the Glen Meadow issuance will be largely offset by the senior note maturity in the first quarter and our 2018 ratio will decrease from the repayment of the junior subordinated bonds. In addition the coverage ratios will improve in 17 and 18 due to lower interest expense resulting from debt repayment. To conclude, fourth quarter results were very strong for Commercial Lines and group benefits and the performance of our investment portfolio and other businesses was very good. In 2017 we are focused on achieving core earnings per share growth, driven by better Personal Lines results, continued strong margins and investment performance in our other businesses and the impact of our capital management plans. In addition, the new reinsurance agreement covering U.S. A&E exposures should eliminate the economic impact of any adverse development. I will now turn the call to Sabra, so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. Elisa, Ill ask you to give the instructions for Q&A in just a second, but for in the meantime I just wanted to note that for those of you who are interested in catching up with us in person, Beth will be attending the Credit Suisse Conference in Miami on Tuesday next week and Chris will be in Boston at a lunch hosted by Deutsche Bank on Wednesday February 8th. In addition Chris, Doug and Beth will be at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch conference in New York on February 15th, holding a fireside chat as well as some small group meetings. And then finally, I would note that Doug will be on the Commercial Lines panel at [indiscernible] in early March this year. We hope to see all of you, at one or more of those events. Elisa, could you give the directions again.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hey thanks, good morning. I had one question and then John Nadel had a follow-up. But I guess just looking at the guidance in P&C commercial, I guess this year on an underlying basis, combined ratio is 89 for -- and the midpoint of the guide you are giving implies a decent amount of deterioration after that and I realize that this year you had some favorable items with property, workers comp, but it also seems like rate worked against you, youve also talked about commercial auto. So it seems like there is some headwinds as well. So just trying to square, the type of scenarios that will potentially get you up towards that midpoint or above that, because I guess that just seems like a decent amount of volatility off of this years results? Thanks.
Chris Swift: Ryan its Chris. Thanks. Ill ask Doug to add his color too, but I would just ask you to consider just macro trends in general. The pricing environment has been soft and our views are its going to continue to soften into 17. So rates are coming down, pricing is not you know keeping up in aggregate what we believe are long-term loss cost trends. Capital is abundant in the industry and there is many competitors both in the traditional markets and those that are coming from offshore to compete in our market. So you put it all together and thats our view of the environment. Were going to work our tail off to maintain those margins, but at this point and knowing our customer embrace so well we want to retain as much as our business as we can and if there is some give that we need to give on price to retain that well consider that. So we want to retain our best customers and we know that the price environment is very dynamic. So Doug what would you add from a color perspective?
Doug Elliot: Sure, Ryan the first thing I would say is that very pleased about 2016, pleased about the trends that weve been to work on with our claim department and our pricing actions, very pleased about middle market as I lean into 2017 dont expect all those trends to continue. So as I think about whats in front of us with workers compensation were still thinking that our medical trends long-term are in the 6% range and indemnity 3% to 4%. As I look at that line which matters a great deal for our company because were slightly overweight in comp with our expertise, its a line right now that is feeling some degree of pressure on the pricing side in the marketplace. So that is one of the things I think about, clearly were at work on commercial auto and expect progress there and expect to improve results, but were feeling a little bit of pressure on the general liability area across the book. And so as we planned into 2017 we try to be prudent with our loss assumptions, fair and thoughtful about what were doing with the pricing. I just feel a bit of pressure that yes we were able to withstand in 2016 and hope to do that again. Wed love to repeat that performance in 17 I know thats our goal, but also want to be reasonable in our expectation.
John Nadel: So this is John, Chris there is increasing chatter about a potential sale of Talcott over the -- that chatter has been increasing over the past several months. I wouldnt ask you to comment on that, but I am interested in what your preference is for use of proceeds if you assume the transaction were to occur, should we expect you to focus on trying to replace those lost earnings contribution via acquisitions or should we expect that youll continue to focus more on returning freed up capital to shareholders via incremental buybacks and debt management?
Chris Swift: Thanks for not asking about Talcott directly. I think the point in time where were at right now John is weve done a lot particularly you saw with the legacy P&C liabilities this year, so Talcott contributes as it does today. We talk about managing the risk effectively and returning capital and were personally comfortable doing that, but hypothetically how we think about any capital that would be freed up. First we would focus on right sizing debt-to-equity ratios. And then we would think in terms of how do we replace those earnings via growth strategies both those that we can control from an organic side and then acquisition side, so that would be a high priority. I think weve been talking about that for at least the last 9 to 12 months as far as the priority of our capital. So yes I would prioritize growth in earnings over just share buybacks at that point.
John Nadel: Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb from Barclays. Your line is open.
Jay Gelb: Thank you and good morning. I just wanted to level set for Talcott, I believe you said earnings will be down for Talcott 10% in 2017 adjusting for unusual items in 2016. So whats the baseline youre using for 2016?
Beth Bombara: Yes so if you look at our results over the last 12 months we have benefited from partnership return sort of an access of our plan and some of these one-time items. So if you adjust for that and take -- think about a 10% reduction in sort of run rate of Talcott. I think youll see that youll kind of get in that $300 million range for 2017.
Jay Gelb: Thats helpful, thanks Beth. And basically in line with what we were expecting. The other question I had a little more broadly on the return on equity profile. Based on all the puts and takes you're expecting for 2017 and you've already known about the pace of share buybacks $1.3 billion. Where do you think that roughly puts you for return on equity in 2017?
Chris Swift: Jay it's Chris well I appreciate the call or the question on the call here. So if I look at and we've trying to talk to our key ROE metric is ex- Talcott, I think everyone knows there is a number of trap capital in Talcott. So if I look at where we ended 16 at 8.9 on a trailing 12 month basis. I think if we perform to the plan that we outlined and the metrics that we gave you that could be up 200 basis points especially without A&E charge in '17.
Jay Gelb: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Gallagher for Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Chris I will ask a direct question on Talcott, just from an M&A standpoint, can you comment on where you would see kind of bid-ask spreads right now. I think from I've heard from you guys before there were some challenges related to the VA part considering regulatory developments and some tax questions. But as you guys show majority of capital is not back into VA part it's backing to general account part. So I assume the environment has gotten a lot better from an M&A standpoint, but just curious what youre thinking there?
Chris Swift: Appreciate the direct question. And look we're not going to speculate on what we may or may not do. I think Beth and I've been consistent in talking in terms of risk is managed well. We have been taking excess capital out and plan to as you saw in '17. And if there are counter parties out there we'll continue to work hard to find parties that are interested in buying two legal entities that have both variable and fixed annuities both deferred and payout in them. And you can't just point to one block of business and exclude the other because just give the legal entity nature. And we're at the point in our cycle right now where simple reinsurance transactions really don't accomplish our mission Tom. So you put all that together and Ill let you conclude. Rising rates help, robust equity markets growth prospects for the future. So I'm actually bullish on our economic outlook in general which I think bodes well for these types of liability structures going forward.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, appreciate that. And then just a question on the NICO deal, the $650 million of premium. I just want to understand would that -- did you transfer long-term bonds or was that cash. And can you comment roughly what the lost yield would have been for you on that transaction?
Beth Bombara: Yes so currently we transferred cash, but obviously when you think about taking $650 million of cash out of the system that comes with thinking about liquidating other assets. So we provided I believe in our press release when we announced the transaction that we'd expect some decrease in that investment income coming from there to be modest. And that's all contemplated in the guidance that we've given relative to P&C net investment income for next year.
Thomas Gallagher: But Beth I guess my question was, I assume there was a long duration portfolio backing that line. And would those associated bonds the ones that were sold. So was there a disproportionate loss of yield or was it not that big of a yield?
Beth Bombara: Yes I wouldn't think about it at that way. Again to some extent yes there was -- there is assets backing that portfolio. But when we look to manage the portfolio on a P&C side it's a little bit probably more fungible than you probably think of on a life side. And so net-net we took all that into consideration and looking at what we're anticipating for the net investment income for P&C next year including some of the modest declines that we see in overall yield, but I wouldnt point to that as a significant driver of a decrease in P&C yield.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes thanks a couple of questions here. First, Dough I just wanted to dive back into the Commercial Lines guidance a little bit here and the question I guess I have is how different is your kind of trend assumption that youre thinking about for 17 today versus when you were going into 16 and providing guidance. So are you still kind of thinking long-term trend or if things kind of deteriorated are you seeing that deterioration happening, which makes you more concerned about whats happening in 17 from a trend perspective?
Chris Swift: Fair question Brian, I would say in the comp area pretty consistent. Our view of go forward versus what were experiencing very consistent. Auto, the severity in our commercial auto book weve got higher expectations of lost trend in 17 than we did in 16, absolutely. And in GL, slightly higher as well. So nothing radically different, but were feeling a little bit pressure across the liability book. Were on it, were pricing for it, but we also see the market and the competitive dynamics around us. I think we just wanted to pick a prudent path.
Brian Meredith: Got you appreciate that. And then my second question is looking at the benefits business I know that you all had some initiatives to develop products and stuff basically to kind of cater to the ACA believe it was supplemental products. Has your thoughts on that changed now that there could potentially be repealed that or changes to that and kind of where youre thinking on that?
Chris Swift: Brian its Chris. Generally no, I mean those supplemental products as you said had some strict definitions around of it given ACA. So if ACA gets repealed a little bit you have to watch to see the impact on the supplementary market, but we would not be interested in getting into any Ill call it mini medical plans or things along those lines. We think the nature of these products the more we market them, more we educate our customer base on them. Well fit the needs with or without major ACA refinement.
Brian Meredith: Great.
Doug Elliot: Brian the only thing I would add is that clearly last three years major focus on getting our voluntary suite up to par and where it needs to be. Secondly, and Chris I think has talked about this in the past we are leaning into A&H [ph] over the next year or so. Weve had an A&H product out there, we looked at it. We think it needs some retooling were working on that now, and I think more to talk about as we move through 2017.
Brian Meredith: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great thanks. If I can just jump up on Brians question, do your 2017 auto spend expectations are those in line with what you saw in the fourth quarter of 2016?
Chris Swift: They are Meyer.
Meyer Shields: Okay. So that means youre not expecting further acceleration going forward?
Chris Swift: No but we are, similarly to first lines we do see this world in terms of the new norm. So were expecting some of the pressure that were feeling and have felt in 2016 to continue into 17 and were making those types of choice in our trend assumptions both on personal lines and also on commercial. The difference in personal lines is that as you know weve talked about a number of initiatives, we think we can bend the loss trend curve, based on the initiatives that weve enumerated and were working hard to do that, thats how were going to make progress against that stated goal because weve got some work to do to get our auto loss ratio, auto combined ratios into those 96, 96.5 category.
Meyer Shields: Okay, thats helpful. Two quick questions on the commercial side, one it looks like mall commercial pricing improved a little bit from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, I was hoping you could talk about that? And also maybe some more detail on the new entrance, I guess I'm a little more surprised that there are new entrance into the standard commercial lines rather than specialty.
Chris Swift: Yes we take them one-by-one. Were clearly leaning into auto and our package liability business and youre seeing that in the marketplace. So we are looking for more rate in Q4 and were looking for little bit more rate in Q1 of 2017. So theres an escalation based on the pressures were feeling with loss trend. Thats driving whats happening in small commercial. And relative to new entrance, fourth quarter was pretty much a normal quarter for us. So, yes there are new names they are coming at small from different directions. I dont think there is anything different in our results that was impacted by any of those names and well continue to respect and watch and think about our strategy going forward. But I feel very good about where our small commercial business is operating and pleased that we are leaning in relative to building new product and some of tools that were rolling out for customers in the coming quarters.
Meyer Shields: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Thanks. Just have couple of questions for Doug. First on the commercial side specifically in the small and mid-fourth quarter accident year loss ratio is going to the best you saw all year that was a very good trend as the year progressed, the fourth quarter being very good. Was there anything helping for that low level of non-cat whether or were you adjusting kind of the full year loss ratios in the fourth quarter?
Doug Elliot: There isnt anything that sticks out in my mind Jay, obviously when we get to year-end we want to make sure and do our best job in making sure the accident year full year is where it needs to be. In general fourth quarter weather is slightly better non-cat so there is a little bit of a positive bias on our property side both small and middle. And we experienced some of that in the fourth quarter, obviously December is the month that triggers where we have a good property quarter or not in fourth quarter. But there isnt anything to speak about that I think I would raise that level.
Jay Cohen: Okay, great. Second question, on the auto side, I guess it could be argue that size and scale are increasingly important in auto insurance and likely will be going forward youre shrinking this business obviously due to profitability issues, do you get concerned that by shrinking the business youre losing out on the scale that you might need in the future to keep very effectively?
Chris Swift: Jay, its Chris, I would say we are taking the corrective actions necessary to improve our profitability and that will obviously require some top-line shrinkage. I think we focus primarily on the older age market, we think we have a niche that weve understood for a number of years, our relationship with ARP is deep and very strategic for us and trusted. So, I dont think scale in it by itself in that market is required if we were ever to think in terms of more of a mass market strategy then I would say scale and how we would think about it differently but we are not thinking about that. So, I think we have the appropriate underwriting skills the appropriate insights into that call a customer segment and I think we have the appropriate claim skills embedded in the organization across the country to effectively manage it. Were in a rough spot now no doubt, but we are not giving up and it continues to be a strategic niche for us going forward.
Jay Cohen: Great, that actually makes sense. Thanks Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of questions on the personal auto side, we were putting together some of your comments it seems like when you came to your outlook you are assuming we are going to maintain the high BI [ph] severity trends so Im assuming kind of to start 17 is basically the trends that you ended 16 with. Just kind of confirming that. And then as you think about the components to get to your margin goal are you assuming that there is some improvements both from the loss as well as earnings through some of the expense initiatives, additional expense initiatives next year? And then as we think a little bit further out you think is 2018 when you see obviously you pointed taking more rates that will return to profitably in the auto book as you think about going out a little bit further than 17?
Doug Elliot: Please let me try to tackle the pieces that all add up to obviously our overall performance. So on the pricing side weve given you pretty clear inside into the progress we are making and just a few moments ago I also gave you a little bit lens into 2017 and the fact that our written pricing will go up over the next couple of quarter. So as that earns its way into the book we are getting a positive contributor to our progress against targets. At the core of your question relative to loss trends we are expecting from a gross perspective our loss trends in 17 to be about where they are in 16. So as we think about our data our expectation for the accident year 16 is that our loss trend total frequency and severity put together is in that fixed range 5.5 to 6 and that's essentially where we are planning for our gross trend in 17. Whats different about 17 is now the number of initiatives that weve been working and putting into market over the past four to five quarters, we expect some traction and were beginning to see that traction. So, were expecting several points of improvement against that loss trend and the combination of earned rate working through and a bending of the loss trend curve drives our expectation of improvement in performance both in 17 and candidly accelerating into 18 as well.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then there is -- when you think about that so do you think you also get some level of expense improvement in 17 when you come to your guidance or its more driven off of improvement on the loss ratio side of the auto book?
Doug Elliot: The core of our changes in the loss arena, I think our expenses weve manage our expenses according I dont see a lot there in fact two and three and four quarters and I expect to be in a very different rate adequacy spot and weve got places around the country where were feeling much better today that we are pricing for the norms of the exposures in loss trend and I think youll see us begin to be more aggressive and thoughtful in our growth aspect.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle: Good morning. I wanted to ask a question related to the asbestos [ph] transaction. I mean is there anything left there at all or maybe sit differently when you do your A&E study next summer, is there anything that can produce the change to reserves that will impact result either positively or negatively?
Beth Bombara: So Ill take it, its Beth. So couple of things one, just to be clear and this will be in our 10-K we intend to do our A&E studies in the fourth quarter going forward just given the transaction that we did. If we dont anticipate it to be on a significant obviously. As it relates to our exposure that's left as it relates to A&E again this Treaty covers substantially all of the A&E exposure that we have remained once we complete the sale of our UK subsidiary. The one thing though that we did retain as part of the transaction is to the extent that there is any uncollectable reinsurance that comes from our A&E exposures we would still bear that risk. So, that has not been a significant driver of our A&E reserve increases over the last couple of years, but that is one aspect of it that we did retain.
Chris Swift: Mark, its Chris, the only thing I would add is as you know asbestos language and policy forms changed in 85 for an absolute exclusion. There is some post 85 reserves that we had that we also seeded. So I think in terms of pre and post 85 A&E reserves are part of this cover.
Mark Dwelle: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And then in your comments remain related to the group benefits you mentioned the $30 million charge related to Pen Treaty maybe I missed it in the early remarks did you specify when that would be taken or any timing on that?
Beth Bombara: So again that's going to be based on facts and circumstances, the charge we will incur once the assessment is made and liquidation again. We think that could be first quarter, but its really outside of our control and we cant -- we wont book the amount until there has been a declaration.
Mark Dwelle: Got it, thank you. That's all my questions.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Lisa, and thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in the Hartford. If you have additional questions, please don't hesitate to follow-up with Investor Relations by email or phone and well get back to as quickly as possible. And as I mentioned we hope to see you all soon at one of the event well be attending. Thank you and we wish you good weekend.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Results. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations.
Sabra Purtill: Good morning and welcome to The Hartford's webcast for third quarter 2016 financial results. The news release, investor financial supplements, slides, and 10-Q for this quarter were all posted on our website yesterday. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could differ materially. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our presentation today also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcasted in any form without the Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on the Hartford's website for at least one year. I will now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thanks Sabra, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased with our overall third-quarter results. In commercial lines and group benefits, performance was strong and demonstrates focus on maintaining margins albeit disciplined about growth in a sustained competitive environment. I'm also pleased with the actions weve been taking to improve personal auto performance. In addition, the balance sheet and capital generation remains strong and last evening we announced the board authorized a new 1.3 billion equity repurchase plan as well as a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend. Starting with personal lines, we are intently focused on improving auto profitability. Were implementing a range of initiatives including aggressive rate actions that address sustained higher loss cost trends caused by a multitude of factors including increased miles driven, speed and distracted driving. We are also addressing profitability through adjustments to our new class plan, more focused marketing and determination of unprofitable agency relationships. I have deep confidence in the personal lines leadership team and in their strategy to improve performance. Though results remain challenged in the third quarter, we will steadily improve profitability in personal auto and expect to see better returns in 2017 as the actions we take work their way through the book. In commercial lines, the underlying combined ratio excludes catastrophes in prior development was very strong at 90.0. This would represent a full point improvement over the prior year. Im pleased with our competitive positioning across commercial lines and with our ability to defend the margins we worked so hard to achieve. The team is successfully balancing underwriting discipline with profitable growth in selected markets. In small commercial, were generating new business growth at very attractive returns. For the quarter, written premiums grew 5% and the underlying complaint ratio was 86.8. The small commercial market has garnered a lot of attention recently with peers and new entrants launching first time initiatives. The Hartford has been the leader in the space, we have been investing in small commercial for over three decades and our end-to-end capabilities are the industry's goal standard. We continue to enhance our innovative approaches through customer experience, digital and the use of data analytics all backed by our industry-leading customer service centers. We are committed to innovating to advance our market position. Consistent with last quarter, competitive conditions in the larger end of the market such as middle market and national accounts remain challenging. Our primary focus is to maintain margins with selective topline growth. This quarter, we had continued success in that goal with improved underlying combined ratio on a relatively flat premium base. In middle market, retentions remained strong as we work to retain our best accounts in our 93.1 underlying combined ratio improved more than 0.5 over the prior year. New business however declined 15% reflecting pricing and underwriting disciplines. Outside of our P&C businesses group benefits generated strong profitability with a 5.6% core earnings margin and improved disability loss ratio and good sales in a competitive marketplace. At Talcott, the business continues to perform consistently and in line with our expectations while mutual funds posted another solid quarter. And third-quarter investment results benefited from stronger limited partnership income. Excluding partnership returns, the solid underlying performance of our investment portfolio reflects measured risk-taking and disciplined investment decisions. We continue to make progress in executing our strategy to invest capital in our businesses to expand capabilities. We closed the acquisition of Maxum in July and the team's expertise in the E&S market is already paying dividends in broadening our commercial lines and risk capabilities. We also expanded the mutual funds platform. We entered into smart-beta ETF space through the acquisition of Lattice Strategies and further broadened our actively managed investment offerings through a relationship with Schroder. I spent a lot of time on the road this year meeting with and listening to our distribution partners. As I reflect on those conversations what really stands out is their support of our consistent approach to new and renewable business along with their trust and confidence. And they like the fact that we are becoming a broader and deeper risk player. This is encouraging thing back from our partners whom share my confidence in the Hartford's ability to execute given the fundamental strength of our platform and the improvements we've made to the organization. As we close out the year, we will remain focused on maintaining margins and commercial lines and group benefits and improving profitability in personal auto. Though we continue to face industry and market headwinds, we have the skills, experience and commitment to successfully carry out our strategy and to create shareholder value. Now Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you Chris and good morning. Overall this was a solid quarter for our property and casualty and group benefits businesses. We posted strong results in both commercial lines and group benefits where we continue to effectively navigate very competitive market conditions. In personal lines there are positive signs that our pricing actions and underwriting initiatives are gaining traction even as frequency trends remain elevated. In the third quarter, personal lines posted core earnings of 25 million, up 8 million from third quarter last year. The underlying combined ratio which excludes catastrophes and prior period development was 96.1 increasing 0.5 point from last year. This is primarily the result of higher auto loss, liability loss costs partially offset by a decrease in expenses. Catastrophe losses in the quarter were 37 million, down 31 million from third quarter 2015. In homeowners, the underlying combined ratio of 79.6 improved 2.8 points versus last year, driven by favorable expenses. The underlying loss ratio was in line with prior year but running above our expectations for the quarter. Year-to-date performance in this line has been very solid as we continue to take rate increases and effectively manage our underwriting execution. In auto, the underlying combined ratio of 103.1 was 1.5 points higher than we posted in third quarter last year. This reflects the 2016 emergence of increased loss cost trends partially offset by lower expenses. The underlying auto loss ratio for third quarter 2016 is slightly elevated when compared to 2015 after adjusting for the unfavorable 2016 accident year development which we recorded in the first half of this year. For the 2016 accident quarter frequency trend was approximately 3%. Our first and second quarter 2016 loss picks have continued to hold. Severity continued to increase slightly on the 2015 accident year but remain within our estimates and we had no prior year development for auto this quarter. We expect the substantial rate, underwriting, agency management and new business actions we have implemented to being earning their way into the book of business in the coming quarters. We are beginning to see early signs of expected improvement in our business metrics and given persistent trends are moving aggressively on multiple fronts. For example, we continue to accelerate our rate filings. We now expect to achieve nearly 240 million of annualized rate increases on the auto line based on our current in-force business. This is 30 million higher than our projection as of second quarter 2016 and double what we achieved in 2015. We expect written pricing in the fourth quarter to approach 9%. The earned premium impact of this rate is ultimately based on the customer's we actually renew. We expect the combination of rate increases and mix change in the book of business to drive auto margin improvement in both 2017 and 2018. New business marketing has been reduced in many jurisdictions until the increased rates are in effect in the market. In AARP Direct auto, new business was down 36%. AARP Agency auto was down 29% and other agency auto was down 45%. We've also reduced our direct marketing spend, lowered operational cost and reduced commissions which contributed to a 3 point improvement in expense ratio. As a result of these profit improvement actions, written premium growth for both AARP Direct and AARP Agency was flat for the third quarter 2016. Other agency was down 20% consistent with our strategy to shift our business mix toward AARP members and our more highly partnered agents. Retention in our AARP channels was relatively stable, a positive outcome as we increase rates. The revised 2016 full-year underlying auto combined ratio of 101 to 103 that we shared with you last quarter is under pressure from continuing frequency trends. We were expecting the rate of change in auto frequency to moderate in the second half of 2016 based on the elevated levels that emerged in the second half of 2015. Given higher-than-expected auto frequency trends this quarter, we now expect the full-year underlying auto combined ratio to be at the higher end of our range. Achieving the 2016 full-year underlying combined ratio of 93 to 94 for total personal lines will be dependent on auto frequency trends and homeowner losses in the fourth quarter. Although auto frequency has been elevated longer than we expected, my confidence grows every day that we are moving in the right direction to restore profitability in this business. Shifting over to commercial lines, we had a strong quarter with core earnings of 247 million, up 31 million from third quarter 2015. The increase is largely attributable to higher net investment income and increased underwriting gain. The combined ratio of 93.9 improves 0.6 versus prior year, due primarily to less unfavorable prior year development and a lower expense ratio partially offset by higher catastrophe losses. Workers compensation continues to perform very well. This is our largest line of business, our strong margins improved slightly in the current accident year and we continue to manage this line very closely remaining vigilant on pricing and lost cost trends. Commercial auto on the other hand continues to be under pressure across the industry and we increased our 2016 accident year loss ratio estimates to reflect the ongoing lost cost increases. We also recorded 18 million pre-tax of prior year development to address severity trends, primarily in small commercial in accident year 2015. Auto was a relatively small line for us representing approximately 10% of commercial TNC premium. We are achieving our highest written price increases in this line and continuing to take aggressive underwriting actions. The commercial lines expense ratio was favorable in the quarter improving by 1 point versus third quarter 2015. However, we expect our full year ratio to be in line with prior year. On the specialty, we are pleased with our renewal written pricing in standard commercial lines at 2% for the quarter essentially stable over the past five quarters. To achieve a few points of price in this competitive environment is a positive reflection of the solid discipline exhibited by our front-line teams. Our strong performance in small commercial continued this quarter. We had excellent result in both the top and bottom line. The underlying combined ratio of 86.8 was consistent with last year. Excluding the results of the Maxum acquisition which closed during the quarter, the underlying combined ratio actually improved by 0.2 point versus third quarter 2015. This reflects an improvement in workers compensation and a lower expense ratio offset by deterioration in auto and package results. Written premiums in small commercial was up 5% in the quarter versus prior year. Maxum represents approximately 1 point of this growth. Retentions continue to be strong and new business excluding Maxum was up 5% to 135 million as we continue to execute in a very competitive market. Moving to middle market, we posted an underlying combined ratio of 93.1 improving 0.7 point from third quarter 2015. This was primarily due to favorable workers compensation margins and lower expenses partially offset by higher auto loss cost and unfavorable non-catastrophe property experience. Middle market written premium in the quarter was down 0.7 point compared to prior year. New business of 99 million was down 15% from last year as we continue to maintain our pricing discipline in the face of competitive market conditions. Specialty commercial had another very strong quarter. The underlying combined ratio of 93.7 improved 5.4 points versus prior year driven by strong margins across national accounts, bond and financial products. Specialty commercial written premium was down 4% compared to third quarter 2015. In both years the written premium is affected by audit premiums and several retro accounts. Normalizing for these items, written premium is up modestly and specialty commercial driven by solid new business in national accounts. We continue to navigate these markets effectively and I'm pleased with our pricing discipline and overall results. In group benefits, we had a very solid quarter with core earnings of 51 million, up 4 million from prior year resulting in a core earnings margin of 5.6%. The increase in core earnings was driven primarily by higher premiums, lower disability losses and lower expenses partially offset by higher group life losses. The group life loss ratio of 80% for third quarter 2016 was driven by higher-than-expected mortality claims from larger policy values. We've experienced similar trends in the first half of 2016 and are evaluating underlying factors and appropriate actions going forward. Fully insured ongoing premium was up 5% for the quarter, overall book persistency on our employer group block of business continues to hold around 90%. Fully insured ongoing sales were 61 million for the quarter, flat to third-quarter 2016. We continue to feel competitive pressures particularly in long-term disability. As with our property and casualty businesses, we remain disciplined on pricing and underwriting successfully differentiating our offering on superior service and claims capabilities. In summary, this is a solid quarter for our businesses. Commercial lines and group benefits delivered strong results demonstrating our commitment to disciplined pricing, strong retention and maintaining margins as we continue to experience competitive market conditions. In personal lines, were pleased with the early traction our initiatives are gaining. Pricing, underwriting and agency management actions are working their way through the book of business to address elevated lost trends and restore underwriting profitability in personal auto. And finally, I'd like to welcome our new Maxum teammates to the Hartford. Maxum's capabilities are perfectly aligned with our strategy to become a broader and deeper risk player in the marketplace and I look forward to working very closely with this team on the journey ahead. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. I'm going to cover the remaining segment, the investment portfolio and capital management before we turn the call over to questions. Mutual funds core earnings were down 1 million from third quarter of 2015 due to 3% reduction in investment management fees. Total AUM was up about 6% from a year ago due to a 9% increase in mutual fund AUM which was partially offset by a 6% decrease in Talcott AUM. The decrease in investment management fees reflects the continued shift to lower fee mutual funds consistent with industry trends. Our team has been proactively responding to the changing mutual fund market. As Chris mentioned, our acquisition of Lattice add smart data exchange traded funds to our portfolio line-up. This is a fast growing market with positive net flows and Lattice is an innovative platform that we can grow and also use to launch actively managed ETFs in the future. In addition, last week we added a new sub advisor relationship with the adoption of ten mutual funds managed by Schroder Investment Management with about 3 billion in AUM. These funds which have been rebranded as the Hartford Schroder funds broaden our platform and expand our offerings particularly in international and emerging markets. Talcott continues to perform well focused on running of the annuity books efficiently and effectively while returning capital to the holding company. Core earnings decreased this quarter by 3 million compared with third quarter 2015 but were well ahead of our outlook due to very strong returns on limited partnerships both from improved hedge fund performance and higher private equity returns. Excluding the impact of limited partnerships, the decrease in Talcotts core earnings was due to the decline in fee income as the book continued to run off offset in large part by reduced expenses. This quarter, full surrender activity on an annualized basis was 7.4% for variable annuities and 5.4% for fixed annuities. Talcott DAC unlock charge was modest this quarter as adjustments to variable annuity lapsed and market assumptions largely offset the impact of writing of the remaining DAC on our fixed annuity book. The fixed annuity DAC write-off was caused by the impact of the sustained low interest rate environment resulting in lower expected growth profits on the book. As we said in July, during the third quarter, Talcott paid a 250 million extraordinary dividend to a holding company completing our expected 750 million dividend plan for 2016. In 2017, we expect to request dividend in the range of 500 to 600 million. Investment results were strong this quarter with a sharp improvement in limited partnership returns. Limited partnerships investment income totaled 93 million before tax this quarter compared to 22 million before tax in the third quarter of 2015. This quarter's annualized investment returns for LPs was about 15% which is well above our 6% outlook and has pushed our year-to-date annualized limited partnership return back up to 7%. Hedge fund performance was slightly positive compared to losses in third quarter 2015. And private equity income was exceptionally strong including a significant valuation write-up for one of the partnerships this quarter. Excluding limited partnerships, the before tax annualized portfolio yield was 4.1% this quarter slightly lower than 4.2% last year due to the combined impact of lower reinvestment rates and lower income from non-routine items. Given the low level of current interest rates we continue to expect portfolio yield compression in the fourth quarter and into 2017. Turning to credit performance, our investment portfolio remains highly rated and well diversified. Credit experience was good during the quarter with total impairments and mortgage loan valuation reserve charges of 14 million before tax, down from 39 million in third-quarter 2015. In 2015, we had a higher level of credit losses including intent to sell impairments on some floating rate and non-investment grade securities including some energy related exposures. To conclude on earnings, third quarter core earnings per diluted share were $1.06, a 23% increase from third quarter 2015. Excluding prior developments and limited partnerships core earnings per diluted share rose by 7% over last year or $0.06 cents per share. Catastrophe results were largely consistent with third-quarter 2015 with no major hurricane losses in either period. For Hurricane Matthew which was a fourth quarter event we currently estimate losses of 40 to 60 million before tax which would consume a large portion if not all of our fourth quarter CAP budget of 60 million before tax. The 12-month core earnings ROE excluding Talcott was 9.1% and the P&C core earnings ROE was 11%. Both of these metrics include the unfavorable prior development on personal auto and A&E reported in the first six months of 2016. Turning to shareholders equity, book value per diluted share excluding AOCI rose 6% from a year ago resulting in total shareholder value creation including dividend over the past 12 months of 8.4%. Finally, during the quarter we repurchased $350 million of stock. During October, we repurchased 2 million shares for $85 million leaving approximately 195 million remaining under the 2014 to 2016 equity plan of $4.375 billion. Yesterday, we announced a new equity repurchase authorization and an increase in our quarterly dividend. The new equity repurchase authorization is $1.3 billion and is effective October 31, 2016 through December 31, 2017. We expect to use the new authorization ratably over 2017. The quarterly dividend was raised by $0.02 or 10% to $0.23 per share. As you know, reducing debt and improving our debt service ratios have both been important objectives over the last few years. This month, we repay 275 million of maturing debt consistent with our previously announced plan. In 2017, we intent to repay 416 million of senior notes in March, which is our only 2017 debt maturity. Our 2017 capital plan was developed with the expectation that 2017 dividend and holding company cash flows in total will be about at the same level as in 2016. While Talcott dividend will be 500 to 600 million, which is down from the 750 million we received this year, we expect this reduction will be offset by higher dividends from our other subsidiaries and other holding company resources. To conclude, this quarter's results were strong and as Doug discussed our profitability improvement initiatives with personal auto are well underway. We continue to generate very strong margins in commercial lines and group benefits and we are growing profitably in small commercial our top performing business. Finally, with disciplined execution year-to-date investment results remain very good and along with generally favorable equity market levels have helped Talcott deliver good bottom line results. With strong earnings and capital generation, we were very pleased to be able to announce our capital management plans for 2017. I will now turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Michelle we have about 30 minutes for Q&A so if you can give the instruction for the polling for the Q&A and then we will start.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Tunis from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Just a couple on personal lines on the auto. So I think you guys mentioned that severity and frequency were bolstered up 3% year over year. I'm just wondering if the actions that you've taken so far contemplate things continue and they get a little bit worse or still running at these levels or should we think about the actions you've taken - do those more assumed in 2017, 2018 do I have a kind of whats been like more of a historical normal in terms of frequency especially?
Doug Elliot: Ryan good morning this is Doug. Let me take that question and try to pull apart a few of the pieces. First thing is that we were a little disappointed that our frequency in the third-quarter was a little higher than we expected to be particularly given what we thought were ever going to be favorable trends against the 2015 patterns in the back half of the year. As we lean into fourth quarter, obviously we will watch those three months carefully. Encouraged by what we are seeing in October but need to finish the year strong for 2016 to complete itself. As we think about 2017, well share more when we get the January but I will say this, it looks to us like we are in an environment where loss trends don't look like averages over the past ten years. So we are anticipating an abnormal environment hoping that it isnt as abnormal as the last two years have been but we will talk more about that with more detail in January.
Ryan Tunis: And then my follow-up I guess is probably a little bit more of a modeling one around auto. But just thinking about the momentum on the expense ratio there? I mean the fact that that's improved a lot direct marketing costs have come out. I guess lower bonuses should that continue to come down over the next few quarters or it is sort of way youre running now reflect all the actions you've announced or have planned?
Doug Elliot: Two things I would say, first is, clearly we are taking extraordinary change leverage if you will based on our revised open road plans. So, yes, we did some things in the third quarter that were a bit outsized compared to our run rate. So yes, you need to step that back to get a more normal run rate going forward, but were continuing to match our pricing adequacy, our view about profitability with our marketing strategies and they are incredibly correlated. So we will continue to do that quarter-by-quarter. This is an approach that we are keenly focused on margins and the margins have to be in line for us to be kind of ramping up marketing efforts. So I hope to see a different day soon, but well work hard at that. The other thing I just want to say as well, I think you've seen and hopefully heard in my script, weve worked hard on the rate change activity and many of you that have looked inside the state filings have seen the advancements of that strategy. I gave you a forward look into the fourth quarter, that's evidence of really what's happening at the desk level. So as our filing momentum continues, we expect fourth quarter to show nine point surprising activity that is very reflective of our aggressive approach to getting on top of these loss trends.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And I guess just a follow-up real quick to that, I think you also mentioned, it's not just renewal rates, its also mix change. I guess when you think about longer-term getting back towards the 96 to 96.5 [indiscernible] how much of that do you think really relies on getting renewal rate versus just kind of, maybe undoing some of the things that happened a year ago, in terms of just improving I guess the mix of the book?
Doug Elliot: Yes. I don't want to give you an exact definitive answer, because Im not sure there is one, but I will say this. There are clearly positive signs that are going to manifest inside the aggressive rate actions offsetting some of the trends that we are seeing in our book as well. Im also encouraged by the number of levers that were working in our other agency and in our other channels. So as we think about kind of this roll forward into 2017 and 18, there are going to be benefits, important benefits on both sides of that equation, but I want you to know that based on my pricing comments this morning, we are leaning into what we need to do to address the costs and the loss trends that are in the marketplace today.
Chris Swift: Brian, its Chris. The only color I would add for you is, remember, we are optimistic about the AARP book, its relationship, our knowledge in that market and so consistent with, Doug, I'm not going to give you a precise formula, but there is a substantial amount of improvement that will come from a retrenchment and a focus on our core, our core AARP, our abilities to market to them in a direct and an efficient fashion, while using the channel for those customers that want to go through an agent and really shut down some of the other agency non-member agency as we call activities where weve tried to grow a little too fast in the past. So I would not underestimate the mix comment that you said, because it will improve the results over that two-year period of time.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks so much. I guess just, Doug, just one question just on personal auto, when you talk about improvement in 17 from the actions youve taken so far, what are your assumptions around loss trends. You mentioned you were a little bit surprised with 4Q sort of holding flat and not improving. Are you optimistic in your outlook or are you taking into consideration in that view of improving trends and profitability, what we saw here so far in the fourth quarter?
Doug Elliot: Thanks, Mike. The loss trend discussion is an interesting one today, right, so were spending a lot of time in our day that we also are spending a lot of time looking at industry, the fast-track data that I know all of you look at. So as we look forward, we have expectations based on the actions we are taking that were going to see improving signs in our book of business and based on some of the early progress across both retention of our existing book and also the new business were putting on, we feel good that we are turning the dial in a favorable direction on things we can control relative from our own loss trends. If you step back from that and you look at fast-track data and you see aggregate severity and frequency in this industry over the past seven, eight quarters in a very different spot. So our lens into 17, 18 has changed a bit over the last couple of quarters, as has our approach to rate change. So they are directly correlated. Its the reason we're ramping up, its a reason that our rate activity in 16 is 2X what it was in 15, but Mike, I would say that we are willing to be mobile and agile and adjust to what we see going forward. We do think it will be a bit more tempered in 17, but at the moment, we need to see better signs across the industry that auto experience is going to demonstrate that.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Thanks for that. And then you mentioned marketing spend as a lever in personal lines, can you talk about how much room you have there as a lever if you want to, if that's an area where you decide you want to pull back further, how much sort of juice is there in that operating lever?
Chris Swift: Michael, its Chris. I would say weve been fairly aggressive in polling that lever over the last two quarters. How much more we do obviously is a function of where we see the ability to market on a more targeted basis, state basis, where we think there is still opportunities to acquire business at acceptable rates. So I'm not going to give you a precise formula, but I mean it's been cut back quite substantially already. We feel good about the level where it is right now from a run rate side, particularly as we head into 17, but if there is any additional discomfort, what we are seeing, it is a lever that we could continue to modify and pull. So if we are running pro forma about 50% of what our historical rate has been, we still theoretically have $0.50 on those additional dollars to pull.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Thanks. And then just one last one if I could, just there has been some activity in the space on the acquisition side with rates sort of lifting up a little bit here recently, can you just talk about Talcott and the potential there or any potential interest from third parties, and if that's something that you are, you would consider more specifically now than maybe previously? Thanks.
Chris Swift: Thank you, Michael. I think you know the stock answer. We're not going to comment upon rumors or speculation. So, but I could share with you maybe just a framework that probably many of you have heard over the years in what our strategy and goals with Talcott were. I mean, really, we put that block into run-off five years ago, really with the idea of reducing risk and policyholders liabilities reliability over time. We wanted to return excess capital to the holding company and we always wanted to meet our customer commitments. So I think over the last five years that its played out exactly as we would have wanted. The book is - the liability side of the book has been reduced over 50% and Talcotts provided the holding company with a good deal of capital that has allowed us to manage in the most efficient way. So as we look forward, were perfectly comfortable running this off over a longer period of time, but myself, Beth and we've always said, we'd always consider a permanent solution if it was really truly permanent and that usually in our vernacular means a legal entity sale. So I think in the future, we will always be prudent in exploring opportunities, but I wouldn't foreshadow a lean one way or another at this point in time. I mean it's running off as weve planned and if there are solutions out there that make economic sense for us, that would be acceptable with the regulators that take care of our customers and employees, we would explore that.
Operator: The next question comes from Randy Binner from FBR. Your line is open.
Randy Binner: Hey, great. Thanks. I'll ask a couple more on Talcott, one, with the run-off on contract counts, the 10% and 5% numbers, theyre still good, theyre slowing down a little bit, do you have any further initiatives planned to accelerate the movement of contracts out of the block?
Beth Bombara: Sure, Randy. This is Beth. Ill take that. At the current time, no large initiatives like the ones that youve seen in the past. I think, as Ive commented on before, the team is always looking at things that we can do and I think we've done some of those larger initiatives which obviously favorably impacted the surrender activity over the last couple of years. And now I see it as continued sort of tweaks on that process, but we do not have a contract initiative underway at the present time.
Randy Binner: Okay. And then on the 500 to 600 requests planned for 2017, can you break that out between whats kind of operating free cash flow versus just capital release as the required capital goes down overtime? And then what the timing of that would be, up in 17, would be, I think this year, it came up more in the kind of the first half?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So a couple of things and its hard to parse out an exact number. If you go back to the comments that I made in July, when we look at absolute surplus generation during the course of the year, given where interest rates are, I would expect before consideration of the dividends that we took out during the course of 2016 that our statutory surplus would be a little bit lower than where we started because we do anticipate needing to post cash flow reserves in the fourth quarter. So even those through the nine months, we've seen an increase in surplus before dividends, we would expect most, if not all of that to go away as we go towards the end of the year. So when I think about the capital that were taking out next year, it's really looking at what excess do we have under stress scenarios, how comfortable do we feel relative to the levels that that would mean that were running Talcott at and based on that, I feel very comfortable with the range of 500 million to 600 million. As far as the timing over the course of 17, we haven't - and specifically on that, but I would expect that we would again not take it all out at once, probably take some out in the first part of the year and some in the second, but that timing is still to be determined.
Randy Binner: Just the last one is did you provide an update on the RBC ratio down at Talcott as of now?
Beth Bombara: No, we did not put an update in RBC ratio. Id say that the RBC ratio is getting a specific number. It continues to be very strong in these markets, in this market environment. Again, when we think about excess capital and ability to take dividend out, were always looking at it in the stress. So to some extent, what the current RBC level is, it is not so much of an input for us as we think about the amount of capital that we can put to the holding company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thank you. A couple of quick numbers question and one broader question for you. First, Doug, what was the impact on current year loss ratios in commercial lines from the increase in loss picks on the commercial art of business, I imagine there were some current year development?
Doug Elliot: There was, Brian. It was about a half a point across all the commercial, the impact from our auto changes.
Brian Meredith: Great. And the other quick numbers one, was the impact on reserve development for the Florida worker's comp reserve increased?
Beth Bombara: So I will take that one, Brian. So as we looked at our reserve position at the end of the quarter and workers comp, we did take into consideration the impact of those rulings and putting that in the mix along with some of the favorable trends that we've seen, really resulted in no real change needed to our overall carried reserves.
Brian Meredith: Okay, great. And then my last question, Doug, I'm just curious, we've seen a tick-up in medical costs inflation this year at least recently. Are you seeing any signs at all that in the worker's comp line yet?
Doug Elliot: Brian, we are not, we're watching that very carefully and were very pleased with our frequency and severity trends, very early in the accident year, but our 2016 workers comp book is very good shape, frequencies continue to be flat to down slightly in our medical and our indemnity severities are in pretty good shape. So we are not seeing the blips there yet.
Chris Swift: Brian, its Chris. Just one point both Doug and I get a monthly report from our investment and management, just on detailed inflation activity. So it is something, as he said, we watch closely. I think also the important thing to remind everyone is no matter what the current trends are, I mean, what wed put upon the books has a long-term inflation trend associated with it. And thats in the 6% to 7% range, so to the extent that that trend is not needed, then obviously that creates successes, but to the extent its needed, no, its already there and built into our reserving philosophy.
Brian Meredith: Great. And just lastly quickly, Beth, could the DOL feature [indiscernible] Talcott as we look Q4?
Beth Bombara: So we are continuing to stay close to our partners on that to understand that. I think that it could have some impact as financial advisors look to implement the rules and think about what advice they give to their customers. At the present time, were not expecting a significant change, but its something that we will look at and monitored very closely, but wouldn't surprise me if we saw a little bit of a slowdown, potentially.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks, good morning. If I can start on the mutual funds business, I guess the press release talks about higher expenses related to Lattice, are those expenses associated with the acquisition or the operation business?
Beth Bombara: It's a little bit of both, Meyer. So obviously there were some costs relative to the acquisition and then just as we bring that platform onto ours, we will see some uptick on expenses.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then within P&C, I guess can you talk about how Maxim is performing in terms of premium volumes and margins compared to expectations?
Doug Elliot: Meyer, this is Doug. Its very early days. Its just been what is really 60 days. No progress or aberration to speak of, so it's been a well performing underwriting group in its extended history. Were pleased about having them on board, but in the third quarter, there wasn't anything really to speak of it that would be a pattern for Maxim.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then last question if I can, can you give us an update on the agency count, within I guess the non-AARP book?
Doug Elliot: The agency count has not moved a lot since the last time we spoke, I think just over 10,000 was the number of locations I think we shared with you last. So maybe a couple of tuning adjustments we made since then. I know that we made a few more moves in Florida since the second quarter call, but substantially it's the same book of business and same agents, were just working our way through our changes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Alex Scott from Evercore. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hi, I just had one quick one on Talcott. I know you mentioned the writedowns this quarter, and for 4Q, some of the statutory work, just thinking about GAAP reserves, I know some of them are kind of how it is embedded derivatives, some of them are not, is there any contemplation when exit value in those reserves, I guess how should we think about that impacting 4Q?
Beth Bombara: So, as I sit here and think about our GAAP reserves, I think youre asking about for fourth quarter, not a lot of changes that wed anticipate relative to sort of the annual assumption updates that we've looked at in the fourth quarter. There hasn't been a lot of change in those expectations. So sitting here today, Im not expecting that we would see a significant impact from the fourth quarter review of our assumptions on a GAAP basis.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jay Gelb from Barclays. Your line is open.
Jay Gelb: Thanks and good money. Beth, the $1.3 billion of buybacks in 2017, I think that's slightly above what the street was kind of expecting going into the year, and it also feels like you kind of pulled forward the discussion of that at this point of the year. So is there anything else you can tell us about in terms of the decision that led to that amount of the timing?
Beth Bombara: So, Jay, really as we looked at our holding company requirements and the cash flows that we have and the dividends that wed be taking out of the subsidiaries and looked at that in total, it felt like a very reasonable number to us and generally kind of in line with what we did this year. As far as the timing of the announcement, we've always talked about announcing our 2017 plans as we came towards the end of the year and announcing that now and having that authorization obviously does give us the opportunity to be opportunistic in the fourth quarter, given that our previous authorization was running down, so that was really the thought process there relative to getting that authorization done now.
Jay Gelb: Okay. Where does that put you or put the company from a debt to capital standpoint, relative to your long-term targets, also taking into account the debt running off in 2017?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So when we look at both what the debt that we paid off this month and our expectation for the maturity that we will repay in March, we are definitely marching down towards our longer-term targets and so weve always talked about sort of being in the low-20s and obviously both of those things are starting to put us there. So when I think back as to all of the actions weve been taking on the debt front over the last several years and the way we have been going about it, feel very, very good about the progress that were making and getting our debt stack to be more in-line with what our long-term expectations are.
Jay Gelb: And then one last one on Talcott, there is clearly a lot of moving parts including the benefit of improved limited partnership returns in the third quarter, is it too early to ask about where you see kind of a normalized trend in Talcotts earnings in 2017?
Beth Bombara: Yes. I would say let's wait until we get to our fourth quarter call when we talk a bit about expectations for 2017. I will remind you we did say that we will not be providing forward EPS guidance going forward, but well give some discussion on that, but the way I would have you think about it is obviously the limited partnership returns do provide some ups and downs as you look at the Talcott earnings over the course of the year and the majority of the sort of non-investment income return comes from the fees that are generated in the variable annuity book and we are pretty transparent in how that is running off, so I think if you use some of that, you get an expectations relative to run rate.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters for closing remarks.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for joining us today and your interest in the Hartford. If you have any additional questions, please don't hesitate to follow up with the Investor Relations team and wed like to wish you all a good weekend and happy Halloween. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you everyone, this conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Scott, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford's Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to The Hartford's webcast for second quarter 2016 financial results. The news release, investor financial supplements, slides, and 10-Q for this quarter were all released yesterday afternoon and are posted on our website. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. Just a few notes before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements, and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of these risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our presentation today also includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thanks, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. From a bottom-line perspective, second-quarter results were disappointing. Higher prior-year development, including A&E, lower current accident year personal auto results, lower net investment income, and higher catastrophe losses led to a decline in our core earnings. However, I am pleased that our commercial lines and group benefits businesses continued to generate solid underwriting results. And book value per share, excluding AOCI, grew 5% over the prior year and 2% since yearend. You all are aware of the challenges our industry is facing due to greater commercial lines competition, unfavorable auto loss cost trends, and significantly lower interest rates. In commercial lines, competition is becoming more aggressive, especially in national accounts and Middle Market. Some companies are expanding into new markets, while other long-standing competitors are now willing to accept lower pricing or weaker terms and conditions. Renewal rate increases are hovering near short-term loss cost trends in most lines, so expanding margins from here will be difficult. While we have continued to deliver good commercial line results by focusing on underwriting discipline, retention, and maintaining underlying margins, we see fewer opportunities to grow the top line in middle and larger account markets over the next several quarters. We will continue to pick our spots prudently. In personal lines, increased vehicle miles driven as well as distracted driving have continued to put pressure on auto loss cost trends. Based on our analysis of the deterioration in frequency and severity, we strengthened reserves for accident year 2015 and increased our loss ratio estimate for accident year 2016. In hindsight, I'm disappointed we didn't recognize earlier the magnitude of the changing trends. Doug will update you on the pricing, underwriting, and agency management actions we are taking to get margins back to our targets. Personal lines is a core business for us and our 30-plus-year relationship with AARP provides a solid foundation for long-term growth opportunities. While it will take time to fully restore profitability target levels, I am confident that we will begin to see improved margins in this book in early 2017. Another issue confronting our industry is the macroeconomic environment, especially the decline in interest rates, in part due to Brexit. As it relates to Brexit, I'm confident that the global insurance markets, which have been managing insurance risk freely across borders for centuries, will make the necessary changes to adapt. In the meantime, sustained low rates will continue to put pressure on net investment income and place greater emphasis on underwriting results. Our investment team has carefully steered our portfolio through many challenges over the past few years, including the European debt crisis and the collapse of energy prices. We will remain vigilant on the evolving macroeconomic environment and emerging risk. I'd also highlight our strong risk management capabilities as our hedge programs have performed as expected in this period of heightened market volatility. During the quarter, we maintained our pace of capital returned to shareholders, with over $430 million of share repurchases and common dividends. Year to date, we have returned significant capital from Talcott Resolution to the holding company, which Beth will discuss. We expect to complete our current capital management plan of $4.4 billion of common equity repurchases by the end of 2016. Later this year, we will finalize our plans for 2017. Before turning the call over to Doug, I'd like to note that based on first-half results, we now expect the 2016 personal lines underlying combined ratio to be in the 93 to 94 range. This reflects favorable homeowners results year to date, but an approximate 5-point deterioration in the auto underlying combined ratio compared to our original outlook. That said, I am confident in our approach to the current market conditions. We are taking the right steps to restore personal auto profitability and we have the discipline to navigate the competitive commercial lines and group benefits environments. We will continue to build upon our strong franchise and invest for the future, including opportunities like the acquisition of Maxum, which is expected to close today. We will improve our operating capability and maximize efficiency while redeploying excess capital to support long-term shareholder value creation. Now I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Commercial lines and group benefits posted a solid quarter, even as market headwinds have intensified. In personal lines, results were disappointing, as loss trends in accident year 2015 continued to emerge adversely to our expectations, driving both unfavorable prior-year development and a deterioration in our estimates for accident year 2016. Let me get right into personal lines, which posted a core loss of $55 million for the quarter, down from core earnings of $42 million last year. The underlying combined ratio, which excludes catastrophes and prior-period development, was 94.2, increasing 5.1 points versus last year. This is primarily due to higher auto liability loss costs, which I will discuss in a minute, partially offset by a decrease in direct marketing expenses. Homeowners performance continues to be excellent. We experienced a slight uptick in fire-related losses, but this is compared to a very favorable second quarter 2015. Cat losses in the quarter were $104 million, $7 million higher than second quarter 2015, but generally in line with our expectations. Overall, we were pleased with the trends of our homeowners book. Included in the personal lines underwriting loss this quarter is $75 million pre-tax of adverse auto liability development, primarily related to accident year 2015. The factors behind this adverse development remain consistent with those we described in the first quarter, which are related to higher employment, resulting in more people on the road. As a consequence, we are seeing both increased frequency and severity of bodily injury claims, which generally have the longest reporting lag and highest severity. Despite our first-quarter reserve action, losses from the 2015 accident year emerged well above our previous expectations during the second quarter. Due to the deterioration in these trends for the 2015 accident year, we also raised our 2016 accident year auto liability loss estimates, essentially carrying forward the 2015 experience. Based on our latest call, we do not expect to achieve the full-year personal lines underlying combined ratio of 90 to 92 that we provided in February. This included homeowners at 77 to 79 and auto at 96 to 98. As I noted earlier, homeowners results have been strong, coming in favorable to our expectations. Auto, on the other hand, is running approximately 5 points adverse to our full-year expectations. We now expect the personal lines underlying combined ratio to be in the range of 93 to 94. This incorporates our view that the rate of change in auto frequency will moderate for the second half of this year based on the elevated levels that began in the second half of 2015. And that the rate of change in auto severity will continue to hover in the low-single-digit range. The actions we described last quarter to address the adverse auto liability trends are intensifying. These include a substantial increase in the number of rate filings versus prior year; aggressive non-rate actions to improve our profitability, such as terminating unproductive agency relationships; de-authorizing certain agents from the AARP program; and rolling out a new compensation structure focused on key partner agents. On the Direct side, our marketing efforts are targeted toward preferred customer segments and we continue to address underperforming business with targeted pricing and underwriting adjustments. Our 2016 rate actions continue to accelerate, equating to over $200 million of premium on the auto line. The earned premium impact of this rate will follow and ultimately is based on the customers we actually renew. We expect the combination of rate increases and mix change in the book of business to drive auto margin improvement in 2017. As a result of our profit improvement steps, AARP Direct and AARP Agency written premium was up only modestly, at 1% and 3%, respectively, for the second quarter of 2016. Other agency was down 17%, consistent with our strategy to shift our business mix toward AARP members and our more highly partnered agents. When I step back and reflect on the first quarter of 2016 for personal lines, there's no hiding our disappointment in the results. However, encouraging signs are emerging from our various auto initiatives and I'm confident that we are moving in the right direction to restore profitability in this business. Now let's shift over to commercial lines, where we had a solid quarter with core earnings of $224 million, down $40 million from second quarter 2015. The combined ratio was 95, an increase of 2.8 points versus prior year, primarily due to higher cat losses and lower current accident year margins in small commercial and Middle Market, offset by improved margins in specialty. Renewal written pricing in standard commercial lines was 2% for the quarter, flat to first quarter 2016. In small commercial, we had another excellent quarter, with strong retentions and margins. The underlying combined ratio of 86.9 was 1.8 points higher than last year. The increase is largely due to lower margins on package business resulting from higher non-catastrophe property and general liability losses, offset by modest improvement in workers compensation margins. Recall that property losses were very low a year ago, making this quarter a tough comparison. Small commercial written premium was up 2% in the quarter, reflecting strong retention, while new business was off 1% as competitive conditions intensified. We continue to advance our capabilities with initiatives in distribution, product, digital technology, and analytics, all of which are crucial in the small commercial market and are helping us maintain our leadership position despite the increasing competition. Moving to Middle Market, we posted an underlying combined ratio of 91.9, up 2.6 points from second quarter 2015. This was primarily due to less favorable property losses and an increase in expenses. Similar to small commercial, second quarter 2015 benefited from particularly favorable property losses. Middle Market written premium in the quarter was flat compared to prior year. New business of $124 million increased $5 million over last year, due mainly to solid performance in our industry verticals, which we have been building in recent years as part of our strategy to become a broader and deeper risk player. In other areas of Middle Market, we experienced a slight decline in both retention and new business for the quarter. This is the result of our disciplined pricing and underwriting stance in the market, with our primary objective centered on maintaining profitability. Specialty commercial had a very strong quarter. The underlying combined ratio of 95.4 improved 3.4 points versus prior year, driven by strong margins in national accounts and the continued favorable margins in bond and financial products. Specialty commercial premium was down 2% compared to second quarter 2015, reflecting the competitive environment in national accounts. I'm very pleased with how we are navigating these markets and the pricing discipline we continue to exhibit. I'd describe the marketplace for both Middle Market and national accounts as increasingly aggressive, particularly for new business. We are seeing relative newcomers, some reemerging incumbents, as well as the traditional players offering very competitive pricing. Although we continue to win new business and renew new existing accounts at pricing that's both competitive and profitable, we expect that achieving total written premium growth in the near term will be challenging. Moving on to group benefits, although core earnings down from last year, the business continues to perform well and is operating from a strong market position with solid returns. Second-quarter 2016 core earnings of $46 million was down $10 million, producing a core earnings margin of 5.1%. The decline in core earnings was driven primarily by lower net investment income and higher group life mortality claims. The group life loss ratio increased 1.9 points to 78.1 for second quarter 2016. This is primarily due to higher claims severity, which can be volatile from quarter to quarter. Mortality trends remain in line with our expectations. On the top line, fully insured ongoing premium was up 1% for the quarter. Overall book persistency on our employer group block of business continues to hold around 90%. Fully insured ongoing sales were $80 million for the quarter, a 38% increase over second quarter 2015. We feel competitive pressures in this business, too, particularly in long-term disability, but had strong sales this quarter due to a large new account. In summary, our commercial lines and group benefit businesses are operating effectively in competitive market conditions and we remain focused on business retention and margins. Consistent with our philosophy across the enterprise, we are diligently pricing and underwriting, prepared to pass on business that does not meet our returned thresholds. In personal lines, we have hit a difficult stretch, but are taking numerous actions to address elevated loss cost and restore underwriting profitability in personal auto. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. I'm going to cover the other segments, the investment portfolio, and capital management, before we turn the call over for questions. This quarter, in P&C other operations, we completed our annual asbestos and environmental reserve study. As a result of this study, we added $197 million before tax to asbestos reserves and $71 million before tax to environmental reserves. The increase in the asbestos reserves was due to mesothelioma claims not decreasing as expected over the past year for a small subset of peripheral defendants in adverse jurisdictions. The environmental charge reflects higher claims severity, including for additional properties tendered during settlement discussions and increased legal defense and cleanup costs. After tax, the A&E development increased $40 million from second quarter 2015, resulting in core losses for the segment of $154 million compared with $113 million in second quarter 2015. We are disappointed with the development on this book. And as we have said before, we continue to evaluate options for these exposures, taking into account factors such as the value we add by managing these claims ourselves, the loss of investment income versus the cost of a transaction, as well as whether it is a partial or permanent transfer of risk. Earlier this week, we were pleased to announce a definitive agreement to sell our UK runoff P&C book to Catalina. This agreement provides for a permanent transfer of these liabilities and is not expected to have a material impact on our financials. Mutual funds core earnings were down $2 million from second quarter 2015 due to lower fees as a result of lower assets under management. Total AUM was down about 4% from a year ago, consisting of a 2% decline in mutual fund AUM principally due to lower market values over the past 12 months and a 15% decline in Talcott variable annuity AUM, primarily reflecting surrender activity. Fund performance remains solid, with 62% of all funds and 70% of equity funds outperforming peers over the last 5 years. Mutual fund net flows were a negative $419 million, as positive net flows in multi-strategy investments were more than offset by negative flows in equity and fixed income. Over the last 12 months, net flows were a positive $107 million. Talcott's core earnings declined to $91 million from $171 million in second quarter of 2015, which included a $48 million tax benefit and higher limited partnership income. Compared to the first quarter of 2016, full surrender activity increased slightly to 7.7% for variable annuities and to 5.1% for fixed annuities. Surrender activity in the quarter reflects normal runoff, as there are no current contract holder initiatives. VA surrender activity decreased from second quarter 2015, reflecting the age of the block and is largely consistent with our assumptions. We recently received approval from the Connecticut Department of Insurance for the $250 million extraordinary dividend that we had expected from Talcott in the second half of 2016, and this amount was received by the holding company in July. Combined with the $500 million we received in January, Talcott has provided $750 million of capital to the holding company during 2016 as planned. We continue to evaluate Talcott's capital generation outlook for 2016, which has been negatively impacted by lower interest rates. As you may recall, we had a 2016 outlook for $200 million to $300 million of capital generation, which was dependent on markets and the runoff of the book, among other things. Compared to the beginning of the year, equity markets remain high, which supports fee income and earnings. However, if interest rates remain at current levels, we would most likely need to record additional cash flow testing reserves at year end, which would reduce or eliminate 2016 capital generation at Talcott. While we have a ways to go until year end and a lot of things can change, this will be a factor for us to consider as we determine dividends for Talcott in 2017. I want to emphasize that even at current interest rates, Talcott's base case capital margin remains very strong. And its stress scenario capital margin, while lower than what we calculated in February, is still above our minimum. In short, the low interest rate environment has not changed Talcott's ability to remain capital self-sufficient in a stress scenario. Turning to investments, our limited partnership returns totaled $40 million in the second quarter, which is in line with our 6% annualized outlook. All three asset classes had positive returns this quarter as contrasted with first-quarter 2016 losses in hedge funds and real estate. However, compared with second quarter 2015, limited partnership income was down 57% year over year. In second quarter last year, we had especially strong returns in real estate and private equity, resulting in a very difficult comparison. Excluding limited partnerships, our before-tax annualized portfolio yield was 4.1% this quarter, relatively consistent with the last year. However, we expect the portfolio yield and net investment income to decrease as new money yields remain below the book yield. While our current projections for full-year P&C net investment income excluding partnerships is still in line with our original outlook, the P&C portfolio yield, excluding limited partnership, declined this quarter to 3.8% from 3.9% in second quarter 2015. In addition, year-to-date results include some make-whole premiums and other non-routine items that to the extent they do not continue at the same levels will put additional pressure on second-half 2016 and full-year 2017 net investment income and portfolio yields. Turning to credit performance, our investment portfolio remains highly rated and well diversified. Credit experience was good during the quarter, with total impairments and mortgage loan valuation reserve charges of only $7 million before tax. To conclude on earnings, second-quarter core earnings per diluted share were $0.31, down 66% from second quarter 2015. Excluding prior-year development and other items listed on the segment results table in the news release, results were down about $0.15 per share or 15% due to higher catastrophe losses and current accident year personal auto results. Turning to shareholders equity, book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, rose 5.5% from a year ago, resulting in total shareholder value creation, including dividends over the last 12 months, of 7.4% versus our target of 9% over time. The 12-month core earnings ROE excluding Talcott, but including the A&E charge, was 8.9%, while P&C core earnings ROE, which also includes the A&E charge, was 10.3%. During the quarter, we repurchased $350 million of common equity. During July, we have repurchased 2 million shares for $89 million, leaving $541 million remaining under the authorization. As you know, we tend to be consistent in our approach to repurchases and expect to use the remaining authorization over the balance of the year. To conclude, this quarter's results were disappointing, largely due to personal auto. As Doug discussed, we have many initiatives underway to improve personal lines margins and we look forward to updating you on our progress. Aside from personal lines, underlying results in the other segments remain strong. In addition, we were pleased to see limited partnership returns back up to our 6% outlook after three quarters of low returns. While the environment remains challenging, we continue to generate capital and effectively manage the runoff of Talcott. As Chris mentioned, we expect to complete our current capital management plans by year end and will finalize our capital management plan for 2017 by year end. I will now turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. Just a reminder that we have about 30 minutes for Q&A. If you have to drop off or if we run out of time before we get to your question, please email or call the IR team and we'll follow up with you as soon as possible today. Scott, could you please repeat the instructions for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Thomas Gallagher from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hi. This is Alex Scott standing in for Tom. Quick question on the A&E. Did the sale of the UK runoff business impact the A&E charge this quarter? In other words, was there an element of this charge that's some kind of true-up ahead of the transaction?
Beth Bombara: Thanks for the question. This is Beth. The A&E charge that we took this quarter was not impacted by the UK sale at all.
Alex Scott: Got it. And just thinking about the lower reserves pro forma the transaction, would that be expected to reduce future charges? Or do you think sort of the underlying experience you are seeing more than offsets this?
Chris Swift: Alex, it's Chris. It's going to be hard obviously to predict the future. We try to make our best estimates every year with our ground-up study. There are a concentration of accounts that seem to be getting picked on year after year. But I mean, it's really hard to predict what's going to happen in the future. I think what the transaction should tell you is that we are proactively looking at our legacy books, whether it be the life or P&C side, and seeing if there are better owners for those books over a longer period of time than holding them. So we'll continue to challenge ourselves on the U.S. block, but we'll make our best estimates every year. But Beth, would you add anything else?
Beth Bombara: Just the only thing I would add is if you look over the last couple of years and just the prior-year development that we've experienced on the claim that we will be transferring as part of the sale, it's been anywhere from $25 million to $55 million of prior development that we've recorded in that book. So obviously that level of reserve increases going forward would obviously not be there.
Chris Swift: And we typically have done historically the UK operation in the fourth-quarter reserve studies?
Beth Bombara: There is a variety of reserve studies that impact the book of business that we just sold. But the largest amount of prior development that we've experienced has typically been in the fourth quarter when we looked at non-U.S. asbestos and environmental reserves that were in that book of business.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Hi. A couple questions here related to the personal lines. First, Doug, could you talk a little bit about why this took you all probably longer than the rest of the industry to identify some of these trends? And maybe the kind of lag in reporting. Anything related to ACA or what do you think is causing that?
Doug Elliot: Good morning, Brian. Let me take a shot at that. Let me try to separate it into a few components. Number one, I think you know and we should just state it that there has been pressure across the industry the last couple of years. Right? So if we look at accident year 2015 versus accident year 2014, we do see that pressure point. At the heart of your question is why were we late on it? I would say this. Number one, our physical damage frequency estimates at year end for accident year 2015 are still holding. So the number of collisions we predicted for that accident year book still look very solid. Didn't change much in the first quarter and have not changed in the second quarter. Second piece, which we talk quite a bit in the first quarter and also have developed in the second quarter, the number of bodies that are injured in those crashes during accident year 2015, we are seeing more people injured and we are seeing more coverages influenced. So the frequency of components of loss has grown in our 2000 accident year 2015 book. And the third piece, which ties into that last statement, our bodily injury severity across the book has had pressure. And that pressure was evident in the first quarter as we look back on 2015. And we see another point to a point and a half of pressure in the second quarter. So that really forms a basis for why the changes. We are disappointed that we didn't see all of it, but we've gone back and it's not like we missed a number of accidents in our book. We are missing the features around them and have made pretty significant changes to make sure not only are we on top of 2015, but we've adjusted for 2016 moving ahead.
Brian Meredith: Great, thanks. Maybe just a quick follow-up there. My recollection is that most of your business is annual business. So how long is it going to take to get back to kind of where you want to be on auto profitability?
Doug Elliot: When you look at our auto book and we share the numbers XX. We've got 5, 6, 7 points that we need to get back at, right? And that's probably not doable in a 12-month period. But Ray and Chris and Beth and I and the team, we are driven over the next couple of years to see incremental progress quarter by quarter. And certainly by 2018, we feel like we are going to be in a much healthier spot relative to long-term targets.
Brian Meredith: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner from FBR. Your line is open.
Randy Binner: I wanted to jump to some of the comments that Beth made around Talcott. And I guess in particular, it sounded like you said there was potential that the low rate environment could eliminate cash flow up from Talcott in 2017. I just wanted to make sure I heard that right. And if so, is there any change to the stress scenario you had in your 4Q 2015 presentation around low rates? Because I guess our view had been that there was enough market good guy in that test to offset the bad guy of low rates, if you will. So just trying to understand that comment better and if the rate impact has changed in that analysis.
Beth Bombara: Yes, thank you for the question. Let me clarify. What I was referring to is that when we look at surplus generation in Talcott for 2016, with the potential to have to need to increase cash flow testing reserves at the end of the year, that surplus generation of $200 million to $300 million we could see decrease in it or be eliminated. I do expect that we will have dividends from Talcott in 2017. What the amount of dividends will be will be dependent on kind of where we end the year at. As we look at our stress scenarios, we feel very comfortable with the amount of capital that we have and we have updated those scenarios for a steeper decline in interest rate. So when we did those scenarios at year end, we were assuming that the 10 year at the end of 2017 would be at 1.61%. And now when we stress that, we are looking at a 10 year of 1.15%. And so with that, our stress margin capital that we shared with you in December would come down and probably be slightly under $1 billion. But I think that still gives us capacity in 2017 to take dividends from Talcott.
Randy Binner: So the stress margin capital of a little under 1.0 you just said, would that compared to the 1.6 that you initially had in that presentation?
Beth Bombara: Yes. And that's again takes into consideration the fact that we were taking $750 million of dividend out in 2016, which we have done.
Randy Binner: All right, perfect. That's all I need, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: I guess Doug, a couple questions back to personal lines. Sort of looking at now what we've seen manifest here, continued challenges in what appears to be getting our arms around the issue there. But when I look at the supplement and look at rate-taking activity there, it looks like you've gone from 5% before anything manifested to about 7% now. So I would like to square that to your comment about significant rate taking. But your policy count retention is flat. And new business has come off modestly. So I'm just trying to square all of those things. Like how is it that with everything that's taken place that we are not seeing the foot come off the gas entirely? Why is there any new business and why isn't retention coming down further?
Doug Elliot: [Technical Difficulty] by saying that our performance in AARP versus our agency book do have different profiles over time. So there is a management of our different customer segments that just underlies all I'm talking about. But I think with that, it's important just to set the stage. Over the last couple of years starting in April of 2014, we started rolling out a new class plan designed to improve our competitiveness, particularly in underpenetrated segments. We also expanded our agency distribution around that, appointing some firms which had no prior relationships with us. And those changes were going on at a time when the industry was starting to lean into higher frequency and some severity news. So probably not the best time to be rolling out a new class plan. I want to give you some evidence of what we've been working on. The last state in that class plan was rolled out in August of last year - August of 2015. That was Florida. We now have the third fine-tuning or iteration of those class plans going into effect across the country. So we've been tuning those plans over this two-year period. We are also leaning into rate. So our achievement of rate today is greater than we expected the plan to need six months ago. And I would say to you that we are leaning in harder the second half of the year subject to our work with the various states. So the disappointment is we've leaned into a growth mode over the last couple of years at a very difficult time. Further, some of that growth was more pronounced in several states with higher overall loss costs, such as Florida. When you think about Florida, we've got a lot of retirees in certain pockets of the country. Florida at times can be one of the more challenging environments. And so we've had to go back and adjust our rate plan and our Open Road plan in some of these states aggressively. The last thing I would say to you is that in Florida as an example, we've seen across the states an emergence of a little bit more pressure in uninsured and underinsured motorists. These claims are the slowest to emerge and have the highest ultimate severity. So this pattern has shifted, with these UM claims emerging more slowly over time. And I think our severity dynamic has tied into the emergence of some pressure with UM. So I'm not making any excuses. We are tackling hard. We're tackling with pricing. We are working the product and the segmentation as hard as ever. We've made pretty material changes to distribution management, both our targeted plans and also our agency partners. And we are working across our claim operation across the country, making sure that we are on every bit of our operating strategy. So Mike, I expect to see brighter days ahead. I will tell you that in the last 45 days, we are seeing signs of this progress. Feel very good about July. But July does not make a year and it certainly doesn't make a quarter. So we'll talk more about that in the coming quarters.
Michael Nannizzi: So should we expect then in the third quarter that we are going to see new business - we're not going to see any new business and we're going to see retention levels down? I mean, like when are we going to see those metrics? Because we've talked now the last few calls about this. And it just feels like on the one hand, we've got issues still trying to understand why they continue to change relative to expectations. But then on top of that, what you are doing in the field as far as new business - I hear everything you are saying, but when do we expect that we are going to see what should be a natural decline in retention as you take aggressive rate action and, you know, just a complete drop-off of new business and advertising?
Doug Elliot: Let me share a few numbers of new business in the second quarter, just to stage the answer. Our AARP Direct was off 8% in the quarter. Our other agency was off 37% and our overall auto new business was off 14%. That's a demonstration of some of the moves we've made. On the pricing side, we look at the adjustments we're making and there is still big chunks of our book that are with the pricing we are putting in place, we want to retain those customers. So the numbers I shared on new are more a reflection of how we are moving into these territories and the customers we are seeking to add and bill to our book. But the retention strategies are tied into rate adequacy. And in some places, we are very rate adequate, and other places need a lot of work. And the numbers you are looking at our averages, so the span around those averages between most distressed and well under control do vary widely.
Michael Nannizzi: Do you think you'll be able to provide some more granularity so that we can evaluate how you are progressing in these stressed and non-stressed books in the future? Because it sounds like - yes, it sounds like there is a big gap between what you are reporting in these numbers and what you are doing strategically. But we just don't have the information to see that. And just given the time lag that this has been going on now, I would hope that we could see a little bit more information on exactly what tactics you are pursuing and what effectiveness those tactics are having.
Doug Elliot: That's fair. Let us take that back, discuss it with ourselves, and see if we can't address the gap there.
Chris Swift: Michael, it's Chris. I appreciate your feedback. And hopefully you get a sense from Doug's tone and my tone that we are equally as frustrated as you are. And if a little more data helps, that's great. But I think the overall message here, too, is we have been reacting. We have been pushing ourselves since year end to look harder at things. But as I mentioned before, we are balancing this with a partner, a 30-year partner, where I've looked at history and how we've worked together, how we've grown this book. We produced strong returns over a longer period of time. And we need to balance a level of stability with AARP and its members while we are taking these aggressive actions. So as Doug said, the latter half of 2015 is when we rolled out our last state with our new class plan. We've been tuning, as we say, as we've gone along. But there are still things that have surprised us, and as Doug said, some of it was industry related. Some of it was our own self-inflicted actions. And we have to take full accountability for that. And we do. But we are working and I think you will begin to see progress, particularly as we head into 2017. And we'll look closely at the metrics that we could share with you that are appropriate so that you could gauge our progress.
Michael Nannizzi: What do you expect your advertising budget will be in auto for the rest of the year relative either to the first half or to the last half of last year?
Chris Swift: We've already cut 25%, 30% of our budget on direct advertising and activities along those lines. We'll continue to push ourselves, but there are areas in the country - and again, given the relationship where we still want to produce business that we think will generate adequate returns over its lifetime. So it's a balancing act. And those areas that are on fire and that require a lot of attention, we are not afraid to make those calls. On the other side, we want to be balanced, particularly with our AARP members.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. This is a little bit of an unfair question, and I don't mean it to be hostile. But when we look at I guess the auto deterioration, the asbestos issue, and maybe the fact that the interest rate environment in Talcott - or that Talcott is facing is worse than you'd anticipated, does there need to be maybe more skepticism culturally in how you are managing the business?
Chris Swift: Meyer, it's Chris. I don't know what you mean by skepticism. We challenge ourselves to perform every day at high standards. We are investing in the organization for the future. Our employees are world-class and are willing to go the extra mile. But I do know that, as I said in my opening comments, we are in a challenging period of time. But I think we have the ability to manage all elements of our business and make the right judgments and write estimates for accounting purposes and make our best estimates on loss picks. And hopefully have a bias towards being conservative that gives us a margin of error to deal with in case anything goes wrong. So that's what I would say. So what do you mean by skepticism?
Meyer Shields: So let me use asbestos as an example of that. Because I'm not in any way questioning the competence. But we've over the past few years, we've had adverse development and the question was whether maybe you should take a bigger slug. And clearly, you were expecting a smaller - you were expecting claims to decline. I'm wondering whether maybe that approach - in retrospect, obviously, that approach didn't capture everything. But I'm wondering whether there's something in the I guess the outlook or the underlying culture that - culture is the wrong word. But just the approach that should maybe say okay, instead of expecting things to work out more favorably, maybe they won't.
Chris Swift: Yes, that is a unique set of facts. So I take your point. And as I said before in one of the questions, you ought to take away the real message from the UK transaction is we put a piece of legacy P&C runoff behind us, that we're always challenging ourselves of how we can continue to take some of the noise out of our results. But on an economic basis, right? We've always talked about balancing the economics and noise. And this is a tough issue from a litigation perspective of how people attack the exposures that our customers have had related to asbestos. So we will always challenge our assumptions and make our best views. And I know we haven't had a stellar track record there, but we will continue to challenge ourselves, Meyer.
Meyer Shields: Okay, no, that's helpful and I appreciate it. On a more sort of granular basis, can we get the current accident - the original and current accident year auto picks for 2015 for the back half of the year?
Chris Swift: Well, let us look for them, see if we have them in front. 2015, you said?
Meyer Shields: Right. Just so we can sort of model the year-over-year change in the back half of this year.
Beth Bombara: Meyer, with the reserve additions that we made in the first quarter and the second quarter, the 2015 auto combined ratio, excluding cats and prior-year development, is 103.5. And I think Jonathan may have the original one for the full year. I believe it was 99.0 for full year 2015 at the end of 2015. So there's been about 4.5 points of deterioration during the first half of this year. I would also note that given the actions we took in first quarter, the 2014 accident year was - at the end of 2015, it was 97.1 and that deteriorated 1.5 points during 2016, so that's now 98.6.v
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's perfect. That's what I was looking for. Thank you so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes in the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: Thanks. I guess I have an auto question, but just first another sort of big topic that's come up recently, Chris, is these sort of incessant every-few-months M&A rumors. And I know you've talked about it before, so I'm not going to ask you to sort of rehash what you said in the past. But from a practical standpoint, is it having any impact on your business? I guess that's what my concern is. Like are you getting too many questions from agents or clients wondering what the Company's future is? Is that a distraction at all or not an issue?
Chris Swift: It really is not, Ian. So you can't control rumors, but it is not distracting us at all.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, good. That was my main concern. On the auto to sort of follow up a little bit of what Mike was asking a you minutes ago, I feel like agency auto, specifically the agency side, has been struggling ever since I've known the Company, which unfortunately is a long time. And I feel every few years, we talk about sort of what do you need to see to affirm your commitment to that business. And I guess I still struggle with - again, the AARP business is a great business. But the pure agency side, does it feel like you are being adversely selected because you don't have the same sort of scale or systems that other people do? And we've seen obviously one competitor that that's made a lot of improvements in their cost structure to be able to low pricing and others who have focused a lot on the rating systems since they do better in that. It just feels like the business isn't necessarily at the scale it needs to be to keep up with the top players. And at what point do you maybe need to take a harder look at whether it's best in someone else's hands and you can redeploy that capital into growing things like Middle Market, where that maybe you are better fit?
Chris Swift: Ian, it's Chris. Let me frame the issue and then ask Doug for his perspective, too. Yes, you are right. We see the same trends as far as performance. And I would say what the real strategy is right now is look, we are committed to our independent agents for all aspects of our business, while we obviously market to AARP members on a direct basis. I think what Ray and his team are really focused on right now is finding those independent agents that are aligned to our value proposition over the longer term. And our value proposition is really - my simple way of thinking about it is a product that offers real benefits to its - to the insureds that is appropriately priced and that we just don't want to be spreadsheeted against the lowest carrier. So very proud in what our brand stands for, our claims capabilities, our empathy, particularly in the mature segment. Because I think we've earned the right to be a carrier in that segment. I think what it really means, though, is how do we transition to that as quickly as possible? And you've heard the litany of activities that Doug and team are focused on, whether it be commission actions, whether it be appointments. So we are pruning the agents that are aligned to our value structure. We want to support them. We want to grow with them. So I think that is a more tailored a strategy, particularly in the mature market that we are executing right now.
Doug Elliot: Chris, I think you've done a good job. We've shared the numbers in the past, and Ian, I don't disagree with the question. But we feel like we've taken pretty significant action, I think, about our core preferred agency group now focused around 2,000 to 2,500 agents. That's a very different number than we were trying to manage two and three and four years ago. I think about our preferred scale, we are looking at our commissions. We had 6,500 agency locations 6 months ago that had our preferred schedule. That number is down to closer to 2,500. So we are looking at expenses. I think we're working all the levers. I do feel like the book is big enough that we can be successful there. It is a terrific complement to what we do on the Direct side with AARP. And you know we are leaning into the mature component of that agency book. So I'm not giving up. I see progress underneath, but very disappointed that the first six months of 2016 have played out the way they have.
Ian Gutterman: I understand, I understand. But I'm going to sneak one last one in for you, Doug. You mentioned some increasing competition in group. Anything you can elaborate on there?
Doug Elliot: You know, in the disability lines, we've just felt our hit ratios - meaning success ratios - have not been where they had been the prior couple of years. So as we look at the first half of 2016, I would've expected a few more wins in that category. We see a little bit more challenging times in what I would describe as the middle market area of group. So in that 500 to 2,000 life case, our success has not been the same as it has been in the national account space. I know we are stronger. We've had a traditionally very strong platform in national, but we have leaned into that middle market hard with resource and talent the last couple of years. So I think that is the ground. And it actually reminds me a bit of the P&C side, where I see a lot of the softer market conditions in that middle market of P&C. I see the same area in LTD and disability.
Sabra Purtill: I believe we have one more question in the queue, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes on the line of Bob Glasspiegel from Janney. Your line is open.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Hartford. Two follow-ups on personal lines and the UK sale. On personal lines, it sounded like, Doug, most of the actions you are taking were on the agency side of the business, either direct agency or Agency AARP relationships. Am I right to infer there is a greater hit in the personal and your agency book than AARP, or did I misinterpret that?
Doug Elliot: Bob, there certainly are agency actions directly aligned with that side. But when I think about our pricing, our product segmentation, claim, operational, Open Road, those all have opportunity to impact favorably our Direct business as well. So don't think of this as an agency-only strategy. We are working both sides and have room for improvement on both halves.
Bob Glasspiegel: But so agency is not being pressured more than AARP and auto? You don't give out the by-line underwriting.
Doug Elliot: Yes, we don't disclose that. I will tell you that the loss ratio - well, the combined ratio overall performance difference in those segments is in the neighborhood of 10 points. So there is more concentrated effort to get agency auto back closer to our long-term target. And there is a further distance to make that happen. But we are working across our book of business to try and to make sure our overall auto book is also where it needs to be long term.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. If I could sneak one more in. On the UK sale, what percentage of your asbestos and environmental reserves does that book represent? And I think you said it didn't impact - the sale didn't impact the Q2 A&E charges, so there was none for those lines in this segment.
Beth Bombara: Yes. That's correct. There was none of the reserve charge that we took this quarter was related to those exposures. We did provide details, both in our 10-Q and our slides, on exactly what reserves are included. But just to give you those numbers, for the asbestos reserves, there is about $210 million of exposure associated with the UK sale that would go away from that column. And then about $42 million in environmental reserves. And then we've got other reserves, obviously, in the all other category of about $243 million that will also transfer. So in total, it's a little under $500 million in that reserve.
Bob Glasspiegel: And it won't change survival ratios? I assume they are - the payout trends are similar to your other book - other reserves?
Beth Bombara: Yes. It might have them come down just a little bit, but really no significant impact.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the presenters.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. And thank you all for joining us today and your interest in The Hartford. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to follow-up with us. We wish you all a good weekend and good luck with the rest of earnings season. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - IR Doug Elliot - President Chris Swift - CEO Beth Bombara - CFO
Analysts: Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Jay Gelb - Barclays Randy Binner - FBR John Nadel - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carson, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartfords First Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to The Hartfords webcast for first quarter 2016 financial results. The news release, investor financial supplement slides and 10-Q for this quarter were all release yesterday afternoon and that posted on our Web site. I did want to take this opportunity to apologize for the technical difficulty that delay the posting of the supplement yesterday, while we do not expect to have this issue again, I wanted you all to know that filed a 8-K with a news release and supplement before we post the supplement on the Web site and thats usually within just a few minute after the news release goes out. So even without yesterdays snafu you can always find the supplement in the 8-K before youll see it posted in the financial result section of our website, just to heads up because we know that earnings nights are pretty hectic.  Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. Just a few notes before Chris begins, todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our presentation today also includes several non-GAAP financial measures, explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and the financial supplement. Ill now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thanks, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Im generally pleased with our results for this quarter, particularly in commercial lines and group benefits each of which delivered strong margins. We grew book value per share excluding ALCIs 7% over the past year and achieved a 10.3% core earnings ROE excluding Talcott. We repurchased $350 million of shares during the quarter and plan to complete our buyback program by the end of 2016. However core earnings were down 15% over the last year as we continue to face some of the same headwinds from the second half of 2015. First personal auto lost cost trends remain challenging, which impacted margins and lead to strengthening reserves for the 2014 and 2015 accident years. Second, commercial lines performance has been very strong, but compensation continues to intensify, making it more challenging to grow at acceptable returns and third consistent with capital market activity, limited partnership investment income remains low similar to the second half of 2015 with an annualized yield of only 1%. This was a difficult comparison with the first quarter of 2015, were returns averaged 14%.  Given these headwinds, Im pleased with the continued progress weve made in most of our lines of business. Doug and Beth will go into further detail about first quarter performance, but I like to touch upon a few highlights, both positive and negative. We generated strong margins in commercial lines, supported by underwriting discipline across all of our businesses. All in combined ratio improved 4.8 points, due to lower catastrophes and higher favorable prior year development, while the combined ratio excluding catastrophes in prior year development improved 2.8 points to 89.6. Group benefits remained strong with a core earnings after tax margin of 5.5%, top line growth from good January sales performance and solid in-force book persistency. All though mutual funds core earnings were down slightly, the business continues to deliver steady investment performance and had positive flows in equity funds. In February Barents recognized our 2015 investment performance naming Hartford Funds as a Top 10 fund family for the third time in the last four years. While many of our businesses sustained their track record of underwriting improvements, personal lines results were disappointing overall. The combined ratio excluding catastrophes and prior year development improves slightly to 89.7 but this was entirely attributable to the very strong homeowners results due to lower non-cat weather and fire losses. However, personal auto results deteriorated with a 1.6 points increase in the combined ratio excluding catastrophes and prior year development. Doug will talk about the underlying trends that contributed to these results as well as the initiatives we have underway to improve profitability including pricing actions. Given these trends and the time needed to implement responsive actions that earn it, we currently expect a 2016 personal lines combined ratio excluding catastrophes and prior year development to be at or above the high end of the 90 to 92 outlook we provided in February.  Turning from our financial results, I like to provide an update on our few recent investments in products and distribution to make it us a broader and deeper risk player. On March 16, we announced our agreement to acquire Maxum Specialty Insurance Group, a well-respected ENS insurer with an experienced management team and a strong underwriting culture. The addition of Maxum will further strengthen our market leadership in small commercial by extending our product capabilities, adding ENS talent and helping to improve the customer agent experience. We are hard at work on our integration plans. Our management team recently spend time with Maxum employees introducing them to the extended team and to the opportunities that Hartford will bring to their business. In terms of the transaction process, we filed our Form-A with the Delaware regulator this month and expect to close the acquisition in the third quarter. We are all eager to begin working together and to demonstrate the power of our joint capability once this deal close. We also announced the expansion of our international insurance placement capabilities for commercial lines customers. Our new alliance with AXA [ph] corporate solution enables us to offer U.S. customers coverage for the international exposures with a primary focus on developed market such as Europe and Asia. Hartford will maintain underwriting and pricing control of these policies and will assume a 100% of the risk through a reinsurance agreement with AXA. Beside from these two projects, we are hard at work on other initiatives in investments to accelerate premium growth and improve our operating capabilities. I look forward to sharing our progress with you in the future. Before turning the call over to Doug, Id like to comment on some of the change in dynamics in the P&C industry. Some carriers are retreating or refocusing their businesses due to poor underwriting results while others are undergoing strategic and leadership changes. Technology based disruption is acceleration affecting all industry participants. At the same time, we see competition intensifying, continued low interest rates in lost cost challenges such as in personal auto. We recognize these challenges posed by these dynamics and I remain confident in our ability to navigate this more difficult environment including to work required in personal lines. The Hartford has this strong foundation and an experienced management team with the resolve to maintain underwriting discipline and expense control. We are reacting to these changes in the landscape and are focused on execution. Now, Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot : Thank you Chris and good morning everyone. We started 2016 with strong results in commercial lines and group benefits continuing our solid execution from 2015 and successfully adapting to a changing competitive landscape. Results in personal lines were disappointing as we took reserve actions to address emerging auto liability lost cost trends. Ill share more in commercial lines and group benefits in a moment. But first Id like to cover our results for personal lines. Core earnings for personal lines were $23 million for the quarter down from 75 million last year. Catastrophe losses were $22 million higher in 2015 which was a particularly light cat quarter for personal lines. First quarter of 2016 included several well documented storms in Texas where we have teams currently deployed to assist our customers. Also included in core earnings this quarter is 65 million pretax of adverse auto liability development, primarily related to accident years 2014 and 2015, partially offset by favorable development in property. The adverse auto liability development for accident year 2014 resulted from bodily injuries severity trends with losses emerging more slowly than we expected. As more claims from this accident year are reaching settlement we recognize that our previous reserve estimates were too optimistic. For accident year 2015, our auto liability booking reflects the higher severity estimates that carry forward from 2014 as well as increased frequency trends. A revised estimate of ultimate frequency trend for the third and first quarter of 2015 is now approximately 1 to 2 points higher than we estimated at yearend, reflecting the continued reporting of bodily injury claims from those accident quarters. That puts our frequency call for the second half of 2015 in the mid-single digit range. The personal line underlying combined ratio which excludes prior period development into catastrophes was 89.7, improving two-tenths of a point from last year. Favorable non-catastrophe homeowner losses and a lower expense ratio more than offset adverse auto losses. Frequency which picked up in the second half of 2015 appears to be moderating somewhat in the current accident quarter at 2%. Severity on the other hand is notched up to 4%. Overall we believe that our lost cost trends are consistent with recent quarters. However as frequency and severity matures our accident quarter estimates may change. As we continue to analyze the underlying trends and understand what is driving them, we nevertheless recognize that we need to take actions to address the profitability of our auto book. We're working aggressively on several fronts, first our rate filings in the first quarter of 2016 were double the number from first quarter of last year representing an average rate change in the applicable territories of 6.5%. The number of rate filings we have planned for the full year is 40% higher than in 2015 with an average increase in those territories of 6.6% in direct and 8.5% in agencies. Given that we mainly issue 12 month policies much of the 2016 filed rate change will earn into the book in 2017. Second, in addition to addressing the underlying market trends with rate we're taking other targeted actions to improve our profitability. In agency we have terminated 2,200 unproductive relationships, de-authorized 2,300 agents from the AARP program and rolled out a new compensation structure focused on key partner agents. Agency written premium was down 8% in the quarter. However AARP agency was up 6%. We expect this shift in business mix to our AARP members and our more highly partnered agents to contribute to improved profitability over time. On the direct side were targeting our marketing spend to more adequately priced customer segments and addressing underperforming business with targeted pricing and underwriting adjustments. Our program with AARP remains the cornerstone of this business. We're confident that we have head room for growth with the current membership base and as we've seen over many years with this business we will continue to deliver both strong customer value and profitability. While personal lines clearly has challenges to address, I'm very pleased with our results in commercial lines, where we continue to prioritize retentions and margins over growth amid increasing competition. We delivered core earnings of 249 million with a combined ratio of 91.1. This was an earnings increase of 15 million from first quarter 2015 and a combined ratio improvement of 4.8 points. Lower property losses, favorable prior year development and improved workers' compensation margins were largely offset by a decline in net investment income of 37 million after tax. Catastrophe losses for the quarter were 14 million less than in 2015, while first catastrophe losses were above our expectations in both 2016 and 2015, this is typical volatility associated with storm activity. Intense weather in the Southwest particularly late in the quarter has continued into April and we're fully engaged to meet the needs of our customers. Renewal written pricing in standard Commercial Lines was 2% for the quarter, flat to the fourth quarter of 2015. I'm very pleased with this outcome and our continued balance of retention, pricing and new business. Lost trends in workers' compensation remain favorable and returns are within our target range. We released workers' compensation reserves across commercial lines reacting to the favorable emerged frequency we've experienced in more recent accident years along with the continued benign severity trends. We had adverse development in General Liability including the GL component of the small commercial package business, often referred to as business owner's policy or BOP. Within certain risk classes we've seen an increase in claims with greater complexity and likelihood of litigation. Losses on these claims are tended to emerge more slowly and we have revised our estimates accordingly. Looking at small commercial, the business continues to perform extremely well. The strong margins posted again this quarter along with the continued top line growth reflect the momentum we have generated in this key market segment for us. The underlying combined ratio was 86.7, 2.9 points better than last year. The improvement was driven mainly by favorable non-catastrophe property losses and a modest improvement in workers' compensation results. Written premium was up 2% in the quarter reflecting strong retention and solid new business flow even as competitive conditions intensify. New business of a 146 million was up 4% from 2015. Moving over to middle market, we posted an underlying combined ratio of 92, improving 1.7 points from first quarter of 2015. The improvement is largely driven by favorable non-catastrophe property losses and continued margin improvement in workers' compensation. Written premium declined 4% in the quarter. We're pleased with our retentions and ability to maintain solid pricing levels. However new business was down 21 million versus last year. Our submission flow was off 7% this quarter verse a year ago as well as more account following outside our underwriting and rate adequacy thresholds. I suspect that higher retentions across our competitors, coupled with our targeted underwriting message are driving this result. We expect moderated news business levels over the next few quarter as we balance growth aspirations with our objective to maintain the improved profitability that weve worked hard to achieve. Within especially commercial, the underlying combined ratio is 94.3 improved 4.8 points versus prior year, reflecting particularly strong margin improvement in natural accounts and financial products. Favorable prior year development in financial products contributed to especially commercials combine ratio of 76.5, this is based on our continued favorable experience in D&L.  National accounts continues to perform well under market conditions very similar to middle market, competition is intense but were comfortable with our retentions and the new business accounts were winning. Finally circling back to group benefits we delivered solid results with core earnings of 48 million down approximately 8% from 2015, producing a core earnings margin of 5.5%. The main drivers to the decline were lower net investment income and slightly higher losses offset by lower expenses. The overall performance of our group life and disability, both remains strong and Im pleased with our operating performance. The modestly higher loss ratio is primarily due to year-over-year volatility in ADND claims and disability severity driven by slightly higher average wage on recent claims.  Looking at the top line fully insured ongoing premiums was up 1% for the quarter. Overall book presidency on our employer group block of business continues to hold around 90. Fully insured ongoing sales were 266 million for the quarter, this is our second higher sales quarter over the past six years surpassed only by first quarter 2015, which was exceptionally strong. In summary we are well positioned to cross Commercial Lines and Group Benefits to meet the challenges of increasing competitor conditions. Were focused on retaining our accounts and maintaining margins and in Personal Lines were aggressively addressing lost trends through numerous pricing and underwriting actions. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you Doug. Im going to cover the other segments, the investment portfolio and our capital management actions before we turn the call over for questions. Mutual funds core earnings were down 2 million from the first quarter of 2016 due to the impact of lower average AUM. Total AUM was down about 6% from a year ago, consisting of a 3% decline in mutual fund AUM principally due to market levels and a 17% decline in Talcott AUM, primarily reflecting surrender activity. Fund performance remains solid with 56% of all funds and 68% of equity funds out performing peers over the last five years.  Net flows were negative a 186 million as positive equity net flows were more than offset by negative flows in 16 comps. Over the last 12 months net flows were positive 776 million. Telcotts core earnings declined from a 111 million in the first quarter of 2015 to 77 million slightly below our outlook, as limited partnership income was significantly below our 6% annualize return assumption. Limited partnership returns impacted all of our segments which I will cover in the more detail in the investment section. Surrender activity was lower than last year at 6.7 for variables in annuity and 4.4% for fixed annuity. Annualize surrender rate in the first quarter of 2015 were at elevated levels of 10.9% and 6.2% respectively as they included the impact of several contract holder initiatives all of which concluded in 2016. Corporate reported a size better core loss of 51 million compared to a core loss of 62 million in the prior year. The primary driver was lower interest expense due to our debt capital management program. Turning to investment our before tax portfolio yield, excluding limited partnership with 4.1% this quarter consistent with both the first and fourth quarter of 2015. Non-routine investment income, such as make whole payments on bold calls was minimal this quarter totaling 6 million before tax compared with 26 million in the first quarter of 2015. The P&C portfolio yield excluding limited partnerships declined to 3.8% from 4% in the first quarter of 2015, primarily due to lower non-routine investment income and reinvestment rate over the last 12 months that was lower than the overall portfolio yield. This quarters yield improved slightly over the 3.7% achieved in the fourth quarter primarily due to lower investment expenses.  Pre-tax investment income from limited partnerships with 8 million or an annualized yield of 1% compared with 99 million or a 14% annualized yield in the first quarter 2015. While returns on limited partnerships are volatile, our average annualized return of the last three years was 9% well in excess of our 6% planning assumption. The decline in income this quarter is due to losses on hedge funds and a lower income on real estate funds compared to the prior year which benefitted from gains on sales of underlying properties.  Our hedge fund performance has generally been better than the global hedge fund index. However hedge funds in general have not performed well recently and we have been reducing our allocation to them overtime. The credit profile of the investment portfolio remains strong. Total impairments in mortgage loan valuation reserve charges in the quarter were 23 million before tax compared with 42 million in the fourth quarter and 15 million in the first quarter of 2015. Energy related credit impairments have increased in the past year as credit deterioration and downgrades continue in the sector. Our energy portfolio totaled 2.4 billion at March 31, 2016 down from 2.5 billion at year end 2015 and 3.7 billion at year-end 2014, a reduction of 36% over the past 5 quarters.  We sold about 200 million of energy exposure during the quarter resulting in a net realized loss of about 30 million before tax. As energy prices have remained volatile, we continue to manage our exposure proactively with a preference to own higher quality credits that we believe can withstand a lower-for-longer price environments. To conclude on earnings, first quarter core earnings per diluted share were $0.95, down 9% from first quarter 2015 largely due to decrease from the partnership income and a result in personal auto. The 12 months core earnings ROE was 8.8% in total and 10.3% excluding Talcott. The P&C core earnings ROE was 12.7% and group benefits was 10.2%. These are strong results given the difficult operating and capital market environments over the past year. Turning to shareholders equity, book value per diluted share excluding AOCI rose 7% from a year ago resulting in total shareholder value creation including dividend over the past 12 months of 8.7% versus our target of 9%. During the quarter, we repurchased 8.4 million shares for $350 million at an average price of $41.72 per share. During April through the 27 we have repurchased a 105 million leaving 875 million remaining under the authorization. As you know, we tend to be consistent in our approach of repurchases and expect to use the remaining authorization over the balance of the year. To conclude, in 2016 we remain focused on maintaining margins in commercial lines and group benefits and working to improve performance in Personal Lines. Despite challenging capital markets, our investment portfolio continues to perform and we are focused on effectively and efficiently managing the write-off of Talcott.  I will now turn the call over to Sabra so that we can begin the Q&A session.
A - Sabra Purtill: Just a remind you that we have about 30 minutes for Q&A, if you have to drop off or if we run out of time before we get to your question please email or call the IR team today and we will follow up with you as soon as possible. Chris, could you please repeat the Q&A instructions. 
Operator: Sure. Our first question is from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: I'll start on the personal auto side. I was a little surprised, even though you talked about pressure that you saw and you took the reserve action, when looking at the accident year ex-cat combined ratio for auto, it actually got quite a bit better than second half of last year. I would have thought, given the pressure that you saw, you would have kept a relatively high loss pick. I'm wondering why it got better from the second half of last year.
Doug Elliot: Jay good morning, this is Doug. I can go back and look at those numbers specifically but obviously we had pressure in the back half of last year and as talked about in last couple of quarter particularly on the frequency side. This year as I commented Frequency is in better shape, but overall our loss transfer generally similar. The rating actions though that we were starting to take last summer are earning their way in so were now starting to begin just begin to see the impact of the changes that were rolling through the book, so were trying to offset what were seeing in lost time Jay what actions we are taking to combat that. 
Beth Bombara: I just want to add to that. The other thing you have to keep in mind to is there seasonality in the auto result, so we typically when we look at the compare, it would go to the prior year where you do see that, our combined ratio is on an ex-cat, ex-prior development for auto are up. So you do have to keep in mind the seasonality.
Jay Cohen: That's really helpful. But it sounded as if the claims trends, the claims experience you had in second half of last year, hasn't gotten worse; you just needed to go back and make sure the reserves from 2014 and 2015 were right. But it doesn't sound like these have gotten even worse from where you were second half of last year. Is that fair?
Doug Elliot: Jay what I would say is that, we did see a little uptick in the frequency of our second half and maybe this is just a good moment for me, just to define the frequencies, I think it's a complicated measure and I think its important that we all understand exactly what were saying. So let me just say. For us frequency does not solely equal just the number of accidents, frequency is a function of the number of accidents and the number of coverage elements associated with the original collision. So for example given accident will receive an initial report, essentially a physical damage or a collision claim, but as that claim develops, additional coverages may be involved such as medical, underinsured or uninsured or other BI elements. As a result our method for calculating frequency includes both the collision but also the other coverages involved and so what we saw in the first quarter was a development on the BI side of our frequency for the second half of 2015, it was not a development of the number of collisions but it was the BI associated and we include that in our calculation when we share our ultimate picks of frequency. And maybe one last clarifier, when we do share frequency trends we're providing an estimate of the claimed counts developed to ultimate for that accident period. Based on the accidents and related claim reported, we estimate how many more claims we expect to be reported for that accident period and that becomes our frequency measure, so it's not a calendar year intake across claim, it's not some of the other things that maybe others, maybe reporting ours is our best shot at the ultimate frequency in the quarter and what change in Q1for 2015 was the BI component of our collision claims second half of the year.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: I'd like to hear Doug talk a little bit more about the competition in middle markets. I think along those lines, just seeing renewal rate increases in standard commercial holding at 2%, retention did dip a little bit -- just curious. Is it fair to say that, given where pricing is now, the strategy is to maintain margin even if it potentially comes at the expense of some growth and some retention?
Doug Elliot: Right, that's a really fair way to say, I'm very pleased with the first quarter in middle market, we're seeing intensified competition, very satisfied with our pricing performance and extremely pleased with our solid retentions, when I step back though, I want to be thoughtful about how we draw the line around new business and you saw that our dollars were down, but we are satisfied we're making good choices and I'll make that trade any day because we worked too hard to get our profitability to where it is today. So let that move back in a different direction. So, that is the balance that we're trading on across all desks across the country, I'm pleased with the first quarter start 2016.
Ryan Tunis: And just as the follow-up on Jay's question, I think what -- Im just trying to get comfortable with is what we saw in the back half of last year, it sounds like it's lower initial frequency developing to something higher over the next six months or so. And now you're seeing in the first quarter you had a lower number and I mean how can we get comfortable with the fact that over the next couple of quarters that, that I think you said 2% frequency in 1Q wouldn't develop into something like 6% [ph]. I know youre reflecting that elevated BI frequency development in the way you picked the 1Q reserves if it makes sense.
Chris Swift: So, we've tried to understand the dynamics of what happened in the back half of 2015 and build some of those indications into the way we're projecting first quarter '16. Obviously there's a different economic and driving climate, we understand that, we're trying to build it into our productions, but we're fairly satisfied and we feel that we have a good shot at what we think happened in the first quarter and have reflected that in our financials, but I'll say this to you that the market has changed on us, it's the reason that our filings were up, we're pricing for a different level of market, and auto activity and I think between what we're doing on the pricing side and the actions we've taken on book management, we expect to see improved progress in our auto book of business in the coming quarters, maybe not all of it in Q2 but certainly the back half of the year we expect to see demonstrable progress in our auto results.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Just following up a little bit there, Doug, you guys talk -- it seems like where most of the conversation here has focused on the frequency trend from 2015, but it sounded like from your filing or your release that the charge was attributable both to a lift in severity on the 2014 book as well as frequency trend. Can you help us understand those components, the magnitude of the two? And if it's a base year in 2015 on severity, how that impacted both 2014 and 2015 accident years on that front?
Doug Elliot: Sure Mike and good questions and multiple features to your question. Couple of thoughts 2014, our change in our reserve position clearly is driven by the bodily injury movement that we've now seeing. I'd start by saying that our early look on '14 through the first 12 months even in the early part of 2015 was very-very positive in fact I would say that that year was running extremely positive relative to the prior years and then things started to shift throughout 2015 and clearly as we looked at that book of business the last 90 days, we've seen pressure there. So went back and adjusted '14. It might a surprise for people to understand how much of our open bodily injury claim book is still open, unpaid as of 12/31/15, I'm talking about accident year '14 unpaid at 12/31, between 40% and 50% of our BI claims are still open, that is the component that we've seen more pressure to close, those that are closing are closing for greater dollars that we expected and it's costing us greater dollars to defend those cases as well. So, what we saw through that loss component is what drove us to '14 and then you're right we rolled that change in '14 through '15 and also had to reestablish our expectations and our base for '16 as well.
Michael Nannizzi: Can you give some dollars in terms of magnitude, how much was severity, how much was the 2014 issue, how much was the 2015 frequency issue?
Doug Elliot: The '14 issue was all severity.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, I know, but 52 million was the total charge right, like development charge, so can you tell us, I just want to understand like the order of magnitude on the development dollars for the 14 issue and 15 issue?
Doug Elliot: So the 65 million was 14 and 15 primarily right? [Multiple Speakers].
Michael Nannizzi: And then the other half also --.
Doug Elliot: And then the other half was, okay. And then in the 15 year half of the 32 was frequency in half that was severity.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Thank so much for that. And also I guess, putting into perspective, Personal Lines, probably a quarter of your underwriting profitability on a run rate basis, looking at Commercial Lines here, you talked also or Chris talked in the script about running at the high end of the range on Personal Lines. Where does 1Q put you on your scale in terms of Commercial Lines? 
Doug Elliot: Mike I would suggest if you, when I look at Q1 15 versus 16 we ran 2 a -- 3 points better excess year to year. Probably about a half of that would have been several property experience. The other significant chunk inside their change is our workers comp experience, I expect our comp experience to continue going forward based on all of what we can see inside our current signals that to me looks repeatable as we move forward the property had a very good quarter, Im hoping for better quarters I know were taking better underwriting actions but I cant count on all that property going forward. So think there is a may be a third to half of that is repeatable and I hope we can repeat the property as well. 
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And just -- go ahead, Chris
Chris Swift: Its Chris, I just want your follow up of on Dougs point, because went we get our, quickly our BI activity, Doug said mean we still have substantial reserves open for the older accident years, I mean there does seem to be again this is anecdotal right now, there is a more litigious environment that we face. So as Doug described, the elements of our severity, there could be more on them, but seems to be much more litigation, jury awards that are exciding some of our initial expectations and reserve with adjustments that, were reflecting to a 15 into 16 here. 
Operator: The next question is from Jay Gelb with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jay Gelb: For Chris and Beth, I want to get your sense as to looking at the 2016 guidance that was provided last year. Do you still think it's achievable to get to the low end of that guidance of 1.5 -- 7.5 billion of core operating earnings before the other legacy P&C impact?
Chris Swift: Jay, its Chris. So, the guidance that we provided at yearend, it think everyone understood the assumptions based to that in that, particularly as it relates to prior year development, our investment partnerships our combined ratio picks for commercial and Personal Line so, were out of business of updating quarterly, but I think you could determine the sensitivities, particularly at it relates to Personal Lines particularly as it relates to our net investment income and partnership so, I think you should be able to understand, were that is coming out right now. So as we said here one quarter into it, there are still three quarters they go, there is items that could break our way, or things that well need to continue to manage so were not giving up on under year and still fill that the guidance we gave was appropriate. 
Jay Gelb: Understood. And then for the return on equity profile, the 9% return on equity for the entire Company, that was achieved during the trailing 12 months. But I'm wondering if there might be some more downside pressure to that level, especially given net investment income, if not the Personal Lines impact.
Chris Swift: Yes, I think that the prior comments in your question here sort of go hand-in-hand, I mean that they both are obviously in a related to extent that, the numerator in the equation get the a little softer thats going to effect the overall ROV. So, I would agree with you that, that there are some pressures you know we face but only on quarter end, so were going to continue to work to a very-very hard Jay as you know.
Operator: Our next question is from Randy Binner with FBR. Your line is open. 
Randy Binner: I just wanted to follow up on some of the personal auto stuff again. So I think I was, just as a follow-up to everyone else, trying to get to the actual why, of why claims are worse on the severity side. And I think there was a comment in there that litigation is broadly worse. So I just wanted to understand that. It's not more accidents, necessarily; it's that more BI claims are developing poorly? So is that a result of litigation? Is it a result of people having worse injuries? Are you having an older driving population? Can you just flush out what's actually happening there?
Chris Swift: Sure Randy let me take a crack at it. We certainly felt an increase in collision frequency, physical damage frequency, second half of 2015. That appears to have settled down in our numbers in first quarter, were reasonably quite flattish, but yes as we shared with you last year thats off a tough compare. So we feel pretty good about collision, accidents in the first quarter. Keep in mind weather was relatively tame. So, I have to understand that as well. On the liability frequency we are seeing more features, more BI components to the collisions that are being reported and were addressing them. So in 2015, the uptick in frequency was both more features, more coverages attached to those collisions and that is rolling into 16 relative to our expectations. So we reset baseline, if you will, for 16, we have built in our pricing programs what we think are kind of new norms for severity and frequency and were working our way through, dealing with needing an improved financial outlook and profile for this business, well get there. 
Randy Binner: So when you say more features, is that because more coverages are wrapped together in the products you are selling? Or is it just a higher likelihood that someone has BI? Or is it more just that, because you have half your claims still open, the trial bar is being more effective at prosecuting those?
Chris Swift: Yes it not more features than the policy for sure. What we think some of the condition is due to is that were clearly seeing higher speeds on the highways and more highway accidents. And so with higher speeds those are more difficult accidents with more people hurt and more damage caused by those accidents. So I think its the complexity and the speed of some of these accidents and were feeling pressure inside our liability bodily injury component of getting these cases closed.
Randy Binner: You mentioned -- is that the industry norm to have half the claims still open? It seems about right, but I'm just wondering if that's normal and if, as part of these initiatives, in addition to just raising prices if there's anything you can invest in more on the claims side, if these are becoming more complicated claims.
Chris Swift: Couple of parts to that answer. First thing is I think that that range of 40% to 50% of open bodily injury claims on an accident year thats 18 months out is completely within the norm, so Id start there. Secondly, although Ive talked about many of our underwriting and book management initiatives, they are equally as many claim initiatives that were embarking on both ourselves were looking at system dynamics, were looking at how we can cut data more effectively and so there are a number of diagnostics that were dropping on the desktops of our claim examiners, so we can do absolutely the best job possible adjudicating claims.
Randy Binner: Thank you, that's perfect. And I want to sneak in one more just to make sure it gets asked. I knew that you have a cat budget for the second quarter which incorporates a lot of things that happen in May and June. But is it possible for you to comment if you are ahead of budget so far for April, in light of the continued storms in Texas?
Beth Bombara: Ill answer that. So yes our budget for second quarter is about a 151 million and we kind of look at that sort of evenly across the three months a third, a third, a third. So if you think about our budget for April about 50, were running a little bit above that at this point, you know there obviously has been a lot of activity so the month of April has come in strong as it relates to cat activity and well obviously continue to monitor it through the rest of the quarter. 
Randy Binner: Perfect.
Chris Swift: Randy its Chris. Just you make an observation as Doug said I said in my prepared remarks I mean were obviously not happy and disappointed just where were at particularly in personal lines. But you should know we are doubling our efforts down to fully understand these trends take the litany of actions and its not only rate, as Doug said in his remarks, there is a number of other actions that were aggressively getting after and just know that there is a tremendous amount of energy in our Personal Lines team to get our arms around these issues and get back caught up to trends. So I am confident we can get our arms around this. We know what needs to be done, its going to take a little bit of time but just know the energy and commitment that were devoting to this. 
Doug Elliot: Right and maybe one final comment and this really is a comment across several of the questions today. I think weve commented over the years that our ARP business has been more profitable and continues to be. So as you looked into both my comments about our rating actions which have a little more intensity around what were doing in the agency space and also the fact that if you look at the premium indications I gave you some growth numbers and you have a sense that were down overall in agency and you saw based on my comments that were up in AARP agency. I think that gives you a signal that our other agency business is down significantly in the quarter. We feel good about that mix we are mixing towards the strength of this franchise which is a matured driver and were being thoughtful of our class programs, were adjusting as we go and I am very confident that based on all the actions were taking were going to see progress over the course of 2016.
Randy Binner: Alright. Thanks for the comments. 
Operator: The next question is from John Nadel with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
John Nadel: Maybe a question for Beth -- but now that you have completed the original $1.5 billion dividend plan out of Talcott, the $500 million, $500 million and $500 million, and your stress scenario that you presented to us last quarter seems to indicate a pretty sizable capital cushion, I'm curious whether you have any intention at this point of going back to the insurance regulator to present perhaps another plan to extract more capital beyond the $200 million or $300 million normal dividend that you are already expecting to take out annually.
Beth Bombara: For 2016, remainder of 2016 as we've said we're anticipating taking out the $250 million in the second half and for '16 that is all we're intending to do at this point. As we roll into '17 we'll obviously continue to look at overall what capital is generated in Talcott as well as just the runoff activity to determine if there's additional dividend beyond just for that normal $200 million to $300 million, but that we would look to update more towards the end of this year.
John Nadel: Yes. I'm just curious about whether you have plans to -- not something that would necessarily be actionable in 2016, but you guys had obviously teed it up with the regulators sometime in advance of the $1.5 billion over an 18 month period of time. I'm thinking something similar to that. I'm looking at the policy counts and looking at the net amount at risk and the continued runoff of the annuity business. It looks like that might be setting up for some further opportunity. That's all 
Beth Bombara: I think and over time there obviously is additional capital that we will be able to extract, I believe I said on our last call that when I think about dividends for 2017, I think about them not being higher than what we're experiencing in '16. So again in '16 we're doing 750 million, as I said I anticipate there would be some additional access beyond just what we're generating, but I wouldn't want you to think that there would be something above sort of the level that we're seeing this year.
John Nadel: Okay. And then just around the 250, which is beyond the 500 that was part of the original plan, I think at the past you have indicated that there's some sensitivity to that as it relates to the level of interest rates. Do you still feel comfortable, given where rates are?
Beth Bombara: Yes, I feel very comfortable with the $250 million even with the interest rate activity that we've seen, again as we think about sizing the dividends we take a lot of that into consideration from our stress scenarios and so forth, so feel very good about our ability to do that.
Operator: Showing no further questions at this time, I'll turn the call back over to Sabra Purtill for any closing remarks.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. And thank you all for joining us today and your interest in the Hartford. And if you have any additional questions throughout the day please don't hesitate to follow-up with the IR team. We wish you all the good weekend and good luck for the rest of earning season. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes this conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations Chris Swift - Chairman and CEO Doug Elliot - President Beth Bombara - CFO
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Cliff Gallant - Nomura John Nadel - Piper Jaffray Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Meyer Shields - KBW Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Erik Bass - Citigroup Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Bob Glasspiegel - Janney
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jessa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartfords Fourth Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to The Hartfords webcast for 2015 financial results and 2016 outlook. The news release, investor financial supplement and fourth quarter slides were all released yesterday afternoon and are posted on our website. In addition, there is a slide deck for todays webcast that was posted this morning. I would note that we expect to file the 2015 10-K on February 26th. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. Just a few notes before Chris begins, todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, available on our website. Our presentation today also includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and the financial supplement. Ill now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thanks, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. 2015 was a successful year for The Hartford. Core earnings per diluted share increased 15% over 2014. Core earnings ROE rose to 9.2% from 8.4%. Book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, grew by 7%. We reduced debt by $750 million and we returned $1.6 billion of capital to our shareholders. Doug and Beth will go into further details of our 2015 performance but Id like to touch on a few highlights. First, Property and Casualty had a very strong year. The underlying combined ratio improved a half a point to 91 and top line growth continued, reflecting an increase in new business and the benefit of pricing and underwriting actions we have made over the past few years. Group Benefits had a very strong year. The business generated a 5.6% core earnings margin, exceeding our plan and pivoted to growth with a 2% increase in fully insured ongoing premiums. We continue to execute on our strategy at Talcott Resolution. The business is running off steadily, returning capital to the holding company and our hedge programs are working effectively. Our mutual funds business generated $1.5 billion of positive net flows in 2015, increased sales by 15% and delivered solid relative fund performance. And our ratings were upgraded by A.M. Best, Moodys and S&P, an affirmation of our improved balance sheet, operating performance and financial flexibility. We delivered these strong financial results and increased our top line momentum while investing in the capabilities and talent that are making us a broader and deeper risk player in a more efficient, customer-focused company that can deliver sustainable, profitable growth. For example, the strong talent we attracted to the organization, particularly in underwriting, sales, data and technology is enabling us to judiciously expand into new market industry verticals. Doug will touch upon this in a moment. The investments we made in new systems such as our claims system, our Group Benefits enrolment system and our middle market underwriting desktop are both reducing cycle times, and importantly, enhancing the experiences we are delivering to agents and customers. Our understanding of the business implications of accelerating technological change, shifting demographics and evolving customer expectations is informing the investments we are making in product, distribution and service. And recent marketing investments have increased the visibility of our iconic brand. For example, our sponsorship of Major League Baseball fully rolls out in 2016 and we recently announced the extension of our 20-plus year relationship with the U.S. Paralympics through 2020. As all of you know, the market is becoming increasingly competitive and the investment environment is less favorable. Consolidation amongst carriers as well as agents and brokers has accelerated. Legacy IT platforms are aging and are costly to maintain. We face disruption from the advent of big data, autonomous vehicles and new capital entering the market. Interest rates are low and are expected to be lower for longer. These dynamics are challenging insurance companies to reevaluate their operations and to adapt. We believe that The Hartford is well-positioned to address these challenges and to take advantage of the market opportunities they present. We entered 2016 with a strong portfolio of businesses and capital flexibility. We remain focused on organically growing each of our business and we will explore acquisitions that meet our financial and strategic objectives. We will maintain underwriting discipline and tightly manage expenses to support ongoing investments in the capabilities and talent needed to be a top-of-mind company for the products we offer through our distribution partners. And we will continue to expand our core earnings ROE, excluding Talcott, with business performance and effective capital management that returns excess capital to shareholders. Our 2016 outlook for core earnings is $1.575 billion to $1.675 billion. Excluding Talcott, this range represents core earnings growth of approximately 5% adjusted for favorable CATs in other items in 2015. We also intend to complete our capital management plan, including the $1.3 billion of share repurchases. In closing, let me express how proud I am of what we accomplished in 2015 and my sincere thanks to our leadership team, our employees, agents and customers, and our investors for their continued support and confidence. We have a clear strategy, an experienced and stable management team, a powerful national distribution network, differentiated products and a brand that stands for strength and integrity. As we enter 2016, I am confident in our ability to navigate this dynamic and competitive environment and continue to create shareholder value. Now Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Ill provide an overview of our 2015 results and Property and Casualty and Group Benefits, and then share some thoughts as we look forward to 2016. 2015 was another year of strong financial performance with improved results in Commercial Lines and Group Benefits. In Personal Lines, results were below our expectations but we remain pleased with the trends of our AARP Direct business and the progress weve made to reposition Agency. Let me get right into our financial results. In Commercial Lines, we delivered over $1 billion of core earnings for the full year on an all-in combined ratio of 92.6, eight-tenths of a point better than 2014. The underlying combined ratio excluding CATs and prior year development was 90 for the year, representing 1.5 points of margin improvement. Recall that 2014 included a $49 million pre-tax benefit from New York assessments. Normalizing for this, the underlying combined ratio improved 2.3 points. This was driven primarily by improved results in workers compensation, general liability and non-CAT property losses. Renewal written pricing and standard Commercial Lines was 2% for both the full year and the fourth quarter. In workers compensation, our largest and most profitable line of business, loss trends continue to emerge favorably and as a result, pricing has flattened relative to the prior period. Conversely, commercial auto pricing was in the high single digits, reflecting adverse loss experience throughout the year. On the top line, written premium of $6.6 billion was up 4% from 2014 with growth across Small Commercial, Middle Market and Specialty Commercial. Let me provide some details on each of our commercial business units. In Small Commercial, the underlying combined ratio of 86.6 was four times of a point better than 2014. Written premium grew by 4%, driven by strong retentions and $545 million of new business, an increase of $24 million or 5% year-over-year. New business growth in the fourth quarter was the strongest for the year at 9%, capping off another excellent year for this business unit. In the summer of 2015, many of you were with us at our Charlotte operation where we demonstrated the core building blocks that form the foundation for our market-leading small business platform. These include our new business submission technology, ICON, our underwriting and service centers that handle over 2 million calls annually from customers and agents, and our sales team that is relentless in partnering with distributors. Hopefully, you are better able to appreciate how these capabilities seamlessly intertwine to deliver the results we posted in 2015. In Middle Market, we made solid progress with the underlying combined ratio of 91.4, improving 3.1 points from 2014. Written premium growth was 3%, retentions were solid throughout the year and new business production of $474 million was up for a third consecutive year. The second half of 2015 was certainly more challenging and we saw that during the fourth quarter with new business premium down 13%. Were encouraged by the results in Construction and Marine, both of which posted strong new business growth and profitability in the fourth quarter. In Specialty Commercial, the underlying combined ratio of 98.8 for the full year improved from 100.2 in 2014. This was driven by strong performance improvement in bond and financial products. National accounts achieved nearly 90% account retention and posted positive written premium growth. Bond written premium growth was modest as we have yet to see a pick-up in public construction projects. And financial products gained traction with the growth in middle market and technology E&O, two strategic priorities for the year. Overall, specialty written premiums were up 3%. Shifting over to Personal Lines, we delivered $185 million in core earnings, down 12% from prior year. The underlying combined ratio of 92 deteriorated 1.4 points from last year, driven mainly by higher auto loss costs and increased non-weather losses in homeowners. In Personal Lines auto, we experienced frequency trends above our expectations in the second half of the year. Our full year frequency trend is under 2% with the third and fourth quarters running at approximately 3.5% to 4%. We saw an increase in the summer months, largely due to increased miles driven. Trends in September and October were quite benign, as well as the early read on November. In December, there was another uptick in frequency, mainly in liability. Some of the claim activity in December related to November accidents, causing the November frequency to develop several points higher than our initial indication. And we also had relatively favorable trends in those months of 2014, setting up challenging comparisons for the fourth quarter. We continue to hone our rate plans and underwriting actions to address these frequency trends as the data matures. But its clear to us that these patterns are a new norm and will be addressed in our rate filings. Now let me turn to Group Benefits. Core earnings for 2015 increased to $195 million, up 8% from 2014. That results in a core earnings margin of 5.6%. The full year group disability loss ratio was favorable compared to prior year, reflecting our ongoing pricing discipline and favorable incidence trends. The Group Life loss ratio deteriorated due to slightly higher mortality and claim severity. Looking at the top line for reinsured ongoing premium, ex-Association-FI, increased 4% for the full year. Overall book persistency on our employer group WoCo [ph] business came in at approximately 90% for the year. And fully insured ongoing sales was $467 million, up $141 million. 2015 was a very strong year for Group Benefits. First quarter sales were outstanding, followed by solid activity throughout the year. The overall loss ratio remains steady and at attractive margins while the expense ratio, ex-Association-FI, decreased 1.1 points. All these drivers contributed to an increase in the core earnings margin during 2015. We were especially excited to welcome back several large customers as further evidence of our outstanding service and product capabilities. As we wrap up 2015, were pleased with our continued financial progress and by the growing market strength of each of our businesses. Before I turn things over to Beth, let me offer a few comments on 2016. Although were facing near-term pricing and competitive challenges, we remain committed to our long-term objective of profitable growth. Each of our business units has core initiatives underway for 2016. In Small Commercial, were adding to our digital capabilities as customers and distributors demand more access and convenience. And were expanding our product and underwriting capabilities to accommodate both larger accounts and broader coverage on our platform. In Middle Market, our priority is competing effectively at the front line, leveraging our talent with the tools weve introduced over the past several years. Through advanced training and rigorous analytics, our field underwriters are continuously improving our reselection and pricing decisions. In product development and related areas such as claims and risk engineering, were extending our capabilities in industry verticals such as construction, auto parts manufacturing and hospitality. Taken together, these actions allow us to effectively become a broader middle market player. Within Specialty Commercial, we rolled out a new risk management platform for national accounts, allowing customers better access to claim data and other information needed by risk managers. This investment further strengthens our value proposition in this competitive market segment and will allow us to work more closely with our customers to improve long-term account performance. We expect our overall Commercial Lines margins to remain generally stable with an underlying combined ratio between 89 and 91. We will remain disciplined with our pricing and underwriting actions, managing to both long-term loss cost trends as well as individual account performance. In Personal Lines, we have three overarching goals. The first is to improve the margins of our products, both auto and homeowners. Were investing in capabilities to better harness data and analytics and thereby refine and manage our underwriting and pricing. Second is to maximize the value of our long-term partnership with AARP. Investments in digital tools, contact service capabilities and direct marketing effectiveness are all designed to attract and retain more AARP members. And third, we will leverage the agency channel to target AARP members and other customer segments that value the expertise of agents who actively seek the benefits of our product suite and who value our service model. We expect to achieve a Personal Lines underlying combined ratio of 90 to 92. In Group Benefits, were looking to drive growth in our core employer group offerings as well as our voluntary product suite. Our current voluntary lineup includes DisabilityFLEX, Critical Illness and Accident. We will add hospital indemnity in the first quarter of 2017. These products, along with our enhanced enrollment and marketing tools help individual participants to make sound decisions for their unique benefit needs. We expect our Group Benefits core earnings margin to be relatively stable between 5.5% and 6%. First quarter 2016 renewal retention is strong as is new sales activity. January sales are well above our five-year average but down versus a year ago. Recall that 2015 was in many ways a unique sales year, recovering from low market activity in 2013 and 2014. Overall, 2016 will be a year of competing in an aggressive and disciplined manner. Competition has intensified versus the year ago. Were putting our investments and enhanced capabilities to work to maintain our margins in Commercial Lines and Group Benefits and improve financial performance in Personal Lines. We will continue to identify opportunities for profitable growth and we remain committed to smart product and underwriting expansions, building deep partnerships with our distributors and delivering outstanding value to our customers. In summary, were very pleased with the successful year in 2015 and are looking forward to continuing our journey in 2016. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. Today, Im going to cover Talcott Resolution, the investment portfolio and full year results before turning to our 2016 outlook and financial goals. Talcotts full year core earnings summarized on Slide 19 rose 9% from the prior year to $472 million, much higher than our original outlook due to a tax reserve release, increased limited partnership income and non-routine investment income such as make-whole payments. Excluding these items, Talcotts results were largely in line with the February 2015 outlook of $340 million to $370 million. On a statutory basis, Talcotts surplus during 2015 increased by approximately $375 million before dividend to the holding company. Year-end surplus was $5 billion which correspond to an RBC of approximately 550%. In mid January of this year, the Connecticut department approved our $500 million dividend request and it was paid to the holding company last week. This payment completed Talcotts $1.5 billion capital return program that we announced in February last year. In addition, we expect to request a dividend of approximately $250 million in the second half of 2016. For 2016, we expect Talcott quarter earnings in the range of $320 million to $340 million. This outlook is based on the continued runoff of the VA in fixed books and does not include items like tax reserve releases or significant non-routine investment income that we had in 2015. I would note that our outlook does assume market value appreciation from year-end 2015 on VA accounts; and therefore, there is some sensitivity to market levels. Statutory results for 2016 will depend on many factors, such as the level of admitted deferred tax assets, cash flow testing reserves, limited partnership and non-routine investment income and other items that may create volatility. Based on the underlying assumptions in our outlook, we expect statutory capital generation to be in the $200 million to $300 million level, although as we experienced during 2015, it can vary a lot between quarters. Looking forward, our objectives for Talcott have not changed. We expect to maintain Talcotts capital self-sufficiency. Consistent with the past few years, we provided you an update of Talcotts capital margins on Slides 30 and 31 in the Appendix which are based on the market scenario summarized on Slide 32, pro forma for the $500 million dividend in January 2016 and the additional $250 million expected in the second half of 2016. Talcotts stress scenario capital margin at year-end 2017 is expected to be approximately $1.6 billion, well above our 200% RBC minimum. This result gives us confidence that Talcott will continue to return capital to the holding company in 2017, although the actual amount and timing of 2017 dividends will depend on final 2016 results, market conditions, liquidity needs as well as the composition of surplus. And as a reminder, any dividends require regulatory approval. Given recent capital market volatility, I wanted to touch on our hedging programs for Talcott. First, our hedging programs have been effective against their targets and due to the sale of Japan, we have far less volatility in our reported results. Our hedge programs target the economics of the VA liabilities which means that gains or losses on the hedges mostly offset the changes in the economic liability to policy holders. Within the VA GMWB liability, we are largely hedged for equity exposure although not for fees and we are not entirely hedged for interest rates. Second, while our hedge programs are a key tool for maintaining Talcotts capital self-sufficiency, we will continue to have capital sensitivity to stress scenarios, including credit risk and interest rate exposures on the fixed and institutional annuity blocks. You can see these impacts on Page 32 of the slides which shows the key changes in capital margins in the stress and favorable scenarios versus the base case. Lastly on Talcott, we completed our annual assumption update in the fourth quarter which takes into consideration recent experience, including withdrawals, surrenders, mortality and operating expenses. We adjusted some assumptions, including lowering surrender rates which had a modest negative impact on fourth quarter net income. Turning to investments on Slide 20, total impairments for the quarter were $107 million. 2015s impairments are up from $63 million in 2014 largely due to intent-to-sell impairments on energy and other commodity-related securities. As for energy-related securities, our holdings totaled $3.7 billion at December 31, 2014 and declined to $2.5 billion at year-end as we actively reduced our exposure during the course of the year. We believe these investments are well-positioned for a lower for longer oil and commodity price environment and we will continue to manage these holdings. During the year, we upgraded the average credit quality of our below investment grade portfolio which totaled $3.2 billion at year-end 2015. As you can see on Slide 20, we increased our exposure to BB bonds and decreased our exposure to bonds rated B and below during the year, including some below investment grade energy exposures. Turning to Slide 21, our portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships, has held up reasonably well, averaging 4.1% largely consistent with last year. However, excluding non-routine investment items, the yield is down about 10 basis points from 2014. The P&C portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships, declined to 3.8% in 2015 from 4% the year before, reflecting the impact of lower reinvestment rates. As a reminder, the P&C yield is lower than the consolidated portfolio due to its shorter duration. Consistent with the decline in yield, 2015 P&C net investment income, including limited partnerships, declined 4% to $1.17 billion. In total, 2015 core earnings increased 7% to $1.65 billion or $3.88 per diluted share, which you can see on Slide 22. The core ROE rose to 9.2%, an 80 basis point improvement from 2014. And book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI at December 31, 2015, rose 7% to $43.76 compared to a 4% growth in 2014. Taking together the $0.78 in common dividends per share and the increase in 2015 book value per share, ex-AOCI, equates to total value creation of 9% per share. Let me provide a quick update on our capital management actions for the last quarter and the year. During the fourth quarter of 2015, we repurchased $450 million of shares, a little higher than the $425 million we indicated at the Goldman Sachs conference in early December. We also repaid $160 million of debt that matured in the quarter. For the full year, our equity repurchases totaled $1.3 billion and we used approximately $800 million to reduce debt, while paying more than $300 million in common stock dividends. As of February 3, 2016, we have approximately $1.2 billion remaining out of the $4.375 billion authorization for equity repurchases from 2014 through 20116. For debt management, we have $455 million remaining under our plan. Ill touch on our 2016 outlook shortly but wanted to note that our 2016 outlook assumes the completion of this capital management plan by December 31, 2016. Turning to Slide 24, I draw your attention to expanded disclosures in the IFS for ROEs. As of December 31, 2014, we began providing legal entity balance sheets on Page 4 of the IFS. Beginning this quarter, we are providing additional ROE disclosures so you can now evaluate net income and core earnings ROEs in total as well as excluding Talcott. In addition, we have provided individual ROEs for P&C combined companies, group benefits and mutual funds. As noted on this chart, our core earnings ROE, excluding Talcott, was 10.9%. P&C is the largest driver of this result with a 2015 P&C core earnings ROE of 13.5%, offset in part by the impact of the corporate segment which has a lower ROE due to cash and liquid assets at the holding company. Talcotts core earnings ROE was 6.2%, about 2 percentage points higher than its run rate adjusted for the tax benefit and favorable investment results in 2015. Increasing our core earnings ROE to exceed our cost of equity capital has been an important goal for The Hartford over the past few years. In 2015, we closed that gap by achieving strong financial performance and a lower beta driven by the reduction in risk and volatility as a result of our strategic and financial transformation over the past several years. Before covering our 2016 core earnings outlook, which you can see on Slide 25, I wanted to let you know that this will be the last year that we provide a core earnings based outlook. Between the business sales in 2013 and 2014 and the financial disclosures that we provide in the IFS and our SEC filings, The Hartford is a much simpler company to analyze and model. Given many factors that cause a P&C companys results to vary, including catastrophes, prior-year development and investor returns, the vast majority of public P&C companies do not provide earnings guidance. However, we expect to continue to provide our outlook for financial metrics and capital management that will help you develop your earnings forecast. Turning to 2016, our core earnings outlook is a range of $1.575 billion to $1.675 billion summarized on Slide 25. At the midpoint of the range, this equates to growth of about 5% over 2015 normalized for favorable CATs and unfavorable prior development and excluding Talcott. The table on this slide includes several of the financial metrics included in this outlook which were included in the news release last night. I would note that this year we have an outlook for P&C net investment income, excluding limited partnerships, of just over $1 billion, down 3% at the midpoint from 2015. As I stated earlier, our outlook assumes the completion of our capital management plan. At December 31, 2015, holding company cash and short-term investments totaled $1.7 billion. In addition, we anticipate about $1.1 billion in dividends from our P&C Group Benefits and Mutual Fund businesses and $750 million from Talcott in 2016. These amounts are more than sufficient to complete the current capital management plans while also covering 2016 interest expense and dividends and maintaining holding company liquidity above target levels. Finally, before turning to Q&A, I want to reiterate that 2015 was a successful year, both financially and strategically. Our strategy has not changed and in 2016, we remain confident in our ability to make progress on our operational and financial objectives as we have done over the past several years. While markets are more challenging, our financial strength, financial flexibility and underwriting and expense discipline are important competitive advantages that will help us continue to create shareholder value. Chris and Doug shared many of our operational objectives for 2016. In addition to our 2016 outlook, our financial objectives in 2016 and beyond include the following - continuing to expand our core earnings ROE excluding Talcott, efficiently manage the runoff and return of capital from Talcott while maintaining its capital self-sufficiency, redeploy the excess capital generated by our business to create greater shareholder value, and generate average total value creation of at least 9% as measured by common dividends paid plus growth in book value per diluted ex-AOCI. I will now turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. Just a reminder that we have about 30 minutes for Q&A which means we might run a little past the 10 AM deadline when some other calls begin. If you have to drop off or we dont have time to get to your questions, please email or call the IR team and well follow up with you as soon as possible today. Jessa, could you please repeat the instructions for Q&A?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Jay Gelb from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb: Thanks and good morning. And thanks for the additional disclosure on return on equity. With regard to however you want to look at on overall basis or core basis, do you think Hartford has the ability to maintain or even potentially exceed a bit that 9% outcome on return on equity thats delivered this year?
Chris Swift: Jay, its Chris. 9.2% is what we delivered this year on a core basis. And thanks for acknowledging the expanded disclosures that Beth and the team have put out there. We think its important that you really continue to see the progress that we can make going forward. So as I really sit here today, the 10.9% core earnings ex-Talcott, as Beth described, really does exceed our cost of equity capital today which we judge probably on a 9% to 9.5% range. And if we look forward in 16, I do think we could improve that 10.9%. So when I say that, really what I mean is if you look at the plan that we outlined, including normal CATs, we achieve our NII outlook, we maintain in the margins that Doug and his team are focused on and we execute the capital management plan, I think that core earnings ROE ex-Talcott could increase by 50% by the end of 16 - basis points, excuse me, 50 basis points.
Jay Gelb: Thats great, thank you. And I just have one question on the guidance. In the P&C and other operations which includes a drag from legacy liabilities like asbestos, its been negative for the past few years and Im just wondering why Hartford isnt including any impact of that in 2016 in the guidance.
Beth Bombara: Yes, this is Beth. Ill take that question. So we make our best call each year on what we anticipate for our A&E reserves. And to put a bogey out there as far as what we could expect for prior development, we dont really have a basis for doing that. The last several years, obviously we have seen charges. Years before that, we didnt. And well continue to evaluate any reserves in the second quarter like weve done before. Also note, we dont actually estimate any prior year development except for the accretion of workers comp discount, so its very consistent with how we look at things overall. But it is something that we obviously take into consideration and thin about as we think about our expectations for 2016 and well make the call on what the reserves need to be at the time we do the study.
Doug Elliot: Right. For our own models, if we were to put something in for prior year development on issues like a asbestos south [ph], that would detract from the -
Beth Bombara: Yes, yes. We have not included an estimate for prior year development in our outlook.
Chris Swift: And Jay, the 50 basis point improvement I talked about obviously does not include that either. So like Beth said, we dont really outlook favorable or unfavorable development at this point.
Jay Gelb: I understand. Thanks again.
Beth Bombara: Just one thing before you take another question, Sabra, I just did want to clarify that in my remarks, I call that our impairments for the quarter were 107 million. That was actually a full year number, not the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cliff Gallant from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Cliff Gallant: Thank you for taking my question. I just want to talk a little bit about workers comp and what kind of loss trends youve been seeing there over the last year. And then in terms of your guidance, what are you assuming going forward?
Doug Elliot: Cliff, good morning, this is Doug. Our indications across our frequency and severity triangles, these last several years have been very favorable. 2015, our frequency still is small single digits negative across all our markets. Severity is a bit too early to predict on that tail line, but were seeing favorable symptoms even at 12 months on the 2015 actually. And so very pleased about the last three to four action year. Indicators inside our loss triangles and it has been a driver of our improvement and profitability for sure. In 2016 moving forward, we dont see a major change in the environment, but were still predicting that were going to see medical inflation and indemnity severity based on wage and medical as we expect over the lifetime of these workers comp claims. And frequency, I think its a pretty flattish scenario in the frequency world.
Cliff Gallant: Okay, all right. So when we think about the guidance in the 80, 90, 91, I mean obviously those are very good numbers, but you could be painted as somewhat conservative in terms of your outlook as well.
Doug Elliot: Yes, Ill let you pick the word. What I would say is that were pleased with the progress. Particularly in middle market, this line has gone from at the bottom of our profitability curve to near the top. And were trying to do everything we can to maintain that level of profitability in our book.
Cliff Gallant: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
John Nadel: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. One on personal lines. I guess, Doug, you had mentioned in your prepared remarks that in auto that you believe the pattern of higher frequency is a new norm. I guess the question I have in response to that comment by you is the 6% level of renewal rate increases, does that appear sufficient as you look forward now based on this expectation that the higher frequency is the new norm?
Doug Elliot: So John, thanks. I guess I would say this first about 2015. First, the first six months of 2015 really were very quiet vis--vis frequency and then obviously very different patterns back after the year. As we move forward, were reflecting kind of the increased economic activity which has got a lot of features to it as you know. We werent quite sure and we certainly didnt have that tenant [ph] when were with you in October when we talked about the third quarter. But its more than a blip. We think its going to be with us and therefore, were building those patterns into our longer-term framework. And I would say theres upward bias on our pricing actions moving forward, yes.
John Nadel: Got it. Thank you. And then just one quick one on Talcott, Beth, I think you had mentioned that if we had normalized 2015 for some of the unusual items that earnings would have been in the range that you guys had originally provided, if you compare that against the 2016, it looks like youre calling for sort of a core or normalized high single digit piece of earnings declined. Should we think about that as a longer-term trend as well in that is there really anything that should change around the case of the runoff of the underlying blocks of business within Talcott?
Beth Bombara: Yes, I would say over the near-term that is a reasonable estimation of the decline. So again, a large portion of the income that comes in on Talcott is from the VA book and fees there so that continues to surrender activity there, youd continue to see decreases in those earnings. So in the near term, I think thats a reasonable expectation.
John Nadel: Thanks very much. Have a good day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks so much. Just a couple of questions on personal lines, again, but this time on the homeowners side. I mean clearly when we look at the whole P&C operations, middle markets and homeowners were areas for improvement, for harvesting some improvement at the beginning of the year, youve clearly done that in middle markets, where are we in homeowners? And it would just seem that like now is probably a pretty good time to be fixing that business. Can you just sort of give us an update of where you are? And what sort of margin improvement are you anticipating in your outlook for 2016? Thanks.
Doug Elliot: Good morning, Mike, this is Doug.
Michael Nannizzi: Hi, Doug.
Doug Elliot: Were working. We are working hard and you know that across both auto and home. I would say this on the homeowners book, number one, our ability to price parallel and properly underwrite through all those parallels is going through a vigorous review. Were looking at our underwriting and risk characteristics. Were looking at agency management actions. So really for both lines, weve made quite a few changes in the past 12 months. Were down about 2,200 agencies that have underperformed for us over a longer period of time. Were going to continue to look at agency actions in the AARP agency world. We have deauthorized over 2,300 contracts in the last six months. So were looking at every lever available to us both on the home and auto side encouraged by progress on both. But its going to take time for those actions to earn their way in to the book of business which is why I think were trying to be subtle and conservative as we play 2016 out.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And do you have a notion of for the year you ran at 77 give or take for homeowners to kind of square up with that guidance you provided for personal lines? Is that where youre assuming some of that margin expansion comes in?
Doug Elliot: Yes, we have hopes for improvement on both auto and home. I would say that if you look at our cat performance over a longer than one year period, we think that we can be a more thoughtful cat underwriter in the homeowners arena. Again, were looking at pearls inside our product. So yes, between agency actions and underwriting actions on our own part, we do expect to see improvement in home over the next year to two.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And then just back in middle markets for just a minute, that the gap there between middle and small is now 400 basis points or under 400 basis points. Do you feel like now kind of taking a step back and looking at the work youve done and sort of what youve achieved, I mean is there anything sort of one timing in the fourth quarter? Do you feel like this is a good starting point for you and/or looking at that sort of differential to small commercial? Has that kind of dragged what you would expect and potentially, could we see that gap close further? Thanks.
Doug Elliot: Mike, Id love to see that gap close a bit further, but let me just offer a couple of comments. Number one, very pleased with the outstanding performance in small commercial. I think across the marketplace and historically against our own book of business, were in a very solid spot and would like to grow and maintain that margin going forward. So thats a thought around small commercial. In the middle arena, a bit more duration matched here. So this is a book of business that has improved mightily over the past four years. Were watching the yield curve because duration does matter. Workers comp is a key line here as it is in small. Its been a while since Ive reported a quarter with 89 execs in the middle in my career. So please with progress. I would say that between the pricing environment that we continue to compete in and the yield environment that affects our portfolio, were going to stay close to those dynamics and be thoughtful in terms of our choices, risk by risk as we move through time. And also, as Chris has shared with you, we have geography goals. And we think there are other places in the country that we can find and build new relationships and be able to leverage our products that are really very solid at the marketplace. So like the progress. I think we can be a much bigger, broader player over time in middle.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen. Please go ahead.
Jay Cohen: Yes, a couple of questions. One, you had mentioned I pretty notable reduction on the number of agents. Should we be factoring that as having an impact on your top line growth and personal lines?
Doug Elliot: If you look at fourth quarter performance, Jay, you can see some of that playing out because one of the lines is down. Its down most substantially relative to the other personal lines. Its not 50% of our agency book, but it has disproportionally impacted our profit inside the book of business, Jay. So I dont think you have to make major top line modifications. I think youre going to probably see more quarters moving forward like what you saw in the fourth quarter. But we do expect to see some positive development inside our triangles from some of these actions.
John Cohen: Got it. Secondly, on the small commercial side, one potential major competitor is planning to form a kind of direct distribution platform with small commercial. Two questions on this. One, do you think this has a chance of succeeding? Secondly, if yes, is Hartford well-positioned to essentially explore that channel if in fact people want to buy that way.
Chris Swift: Jay, its Chris. Were very aware of market developments and activities whether it be from traditional players of new players in the marketplace. And ultimately youre probably not going to like this answer, but time will tell. But if you look at what its going to take to be successful, product, service, brand, reputation, claims, I mean its, I call it an entire business model you have to be good at to keep customers for a long term which weve been particularly very pleased and proud of our retention. So with $3.5 billion of premium and upstarts, theyre going to try and well have to have a response which well be prepared for at the right time to counteract any of their measures in the marketplace. But I like our beginning point. But were also very watchful as far as developments in the marketplace.
John Cohen: Got it. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. I have two personal lines questions if I can. One, Doug, can you take us through the mechanics of the policies that are served by the agents that have been terminated? Im asking really whether that impact systems ratios going forward.
Doug Elliot: So we have contracts with individual agencies both personal lines and commercial contracts, Meyer. And we obviously have to buy better provisions so there are extended contract periods. So some of them having six-month, twelve-month provision that we will continue to be partners. And then at some point in the future, that business will move elsewhere. They do shift and are not exactly the same throughout the country, but were adhering to them. On the expense side, I think were working hard to manage our expenses appropriately given what may happen to the top line. So I dont think you have to do any different to your models on the expense side. Chris.
Chris Swift: I would just offer, Meyer, just a context here. So agents across our platform are very vital to our success. So when we talk about shrinking agents, particularly in the independent agency side, I think its important you have a context of market segment. So our strategy here is to have meaningful relationships with our independent agents defined as being a top three carrier in their agency plan because that will dictate, Ill call it, long-term success with retention growth and profitability. Those agencies particularly in personal lines that we dont have that type of relationship with is the targeted area here for shrinking. On the other side, particularly given our AARP relationship and the importance of agents to certain AARP members that want advice and counsel, if we want to continue to support those independent agents that have the ability to attract and retain AARP customers for the long term. So its very targeted here, our actions. So I dont want you to have the impression that - or getting out of independent agency channel and personal line or fine-tuning the definition of success ultimately from a growth and profitability side.
Doug Elliot: And Meyer, I would say two other points that I would like to have. Number one, our research which weve worked on now this past couple of years shows us that many of those AARP members do indeed prefer to work with an agent. So were excited about the progress weve made there. And secondly, my comment about the number of agents that have been deauthorized for AARP, those were essentially relationships that had leveraged the value of what we thought we brought to the table with this enhanced offering. So in the case that they havent leveraged that, wed rather be contracted with those that are using it. And we think theres great value there. And working like crazy to build a very, very positive profile of customers that value our brand and our AARP members.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thank you. Second question, when you look at the different channels that youve got, AARP, AARP agents, et cetera, is there a difference in terms of frequency shifts by channel? Are you seeing, I would expect, less uptick in AARP? Is that panning out?
Doug Elliot: As we look at our trends across 2015, theyre essentially very consistent across the channel. So our frequency uptick in third quarter and also fourth quarter as well as the very flat profile for the first half of the year, were essentially consistent across the channel. I think that leads down a path toward this economic dynamic with weather in the fourth quarter and a summer month vacation schedule in July and August that we felt the impact of as did many others.
Meyer Shields: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner from FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Randy Binner: Thanks. I got a couple more on personal lines. I guess the first question is there was a notion earlier, recently as last conference call that the AARP book was a more mature group of individuals who were safer drivers. And so I just want to check in on that dynamic. Is that overtaken by the, I guess, the miles driven argument thats going on here. And if you quantify this - I missed it, I apologize - but are you getting on auto pricing price increase-wise, is the 4%, 5%, 6% bip? It would nice to hear that quantification because we are getting those numbers from other carriers.
Chris Swift: Randy, its Chris. Let me just take just a step back and then Doug and I will partner on this one here. I think your point on AARP is still generally true, but if you look at sort of the progression of activity over the last 12 months, Doug said is earlier. First half of the year is relatively benign from a frequency side and were seeing normal severity trends in the 2% to 3%. I think what happened in July and August is we saw a little bit of a pop in frequency. Then September, October, it went back to sort of normal in that 1% range. And Beth and I then had an opportunity to speak at a conference in early December where then we gave an indication that we thought November would be in that 1% range also and sort of smooth out the year. But as we got into December, we had another sort of blip in frequency. And that impacted our quals on how we thought ultimately November frequency would develop. So theres a little bit of a lag factor that you have to put on this frequency trend. So when you put the third and fourth quarters together as Doug said, were in that 3.5% to 4% range. I think our thesis still is that economic activity defined by low employment, miles driven up due to lower gasoline prices coupled with particularly in November then December, some weather in the Southwest, Midwest and West whether it be rain, sort of torrential rains at California experienced - and California is our largest personal line state - or other weather activity. All that contributed to, Ill call it, the increase in frequency incidences. That said, over a longer period of time, the AARP book still outperforms a mass market book so that when were talking about 3.5%, 4% frequency increases, wish theyll think that is a lot lower than a broad mass market increase in frequency. So as Doug said, we are beginning and have particularly with a fourth quarter filing and a couple of our - one of our large states, we have, in essence, we reflected this new level of activity in our filings. And well continue to do that in 2016 and earn that out and manage actions such as underwriting or agency management actions as Doug described. I think that is the context that I just would have you to keep in mind. So Doug, would you follow up?
Doug Elliot: Chris, I think you hit most of the major points. I think maybe a few to add. One is I would not underestimate our view of how much the non-rate activity should improve our performance over time, Randy. So these agency actions and really becoming a better underwriter. Im thinking about selection and undisclosed drivers and appetite management and geography. Those are all meaningful priorities for us and we expect over the next year to two years. Thats point one. Point two is I dont think that dramatic change in our numbers were quite as dramatic as some of the other carriers we compete with. So yes, our frequency was not flat for the second half of the year. But it was mid-single, three-ish, three to four. So thats not 8, 10, 12. Its having an impact on our filings, it will be proportional to state. But we wanted to send the message today that were not just at a point where were thinking it was a blip on the radar and were not going to adjust our patterns going forward.
Randy Binner: Okay. Thank you for all that. So your price would be something like 2% to 3%, is that the right was to think of it?
Doug Elliot: Our price filings are still in that mid-single digit range and probably will increase from there on auto going into 2016.
Randy Binner: Got. Okay. Thank you.
Chris Swift: And Randy, its Chris. All I said is I mentioned, severity is not zero either, right? So I mean there are still more expensive cars and bumpers and devices to fix in cars when there are accidents. So I just want to be clear that severity is in that 2%, 3% range also.
Randy Binner: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Good morning. Thank you. Can you remind us about the composition of your alternative investment portfolio? And in your guidance, I think you assumed a 6% return for the year. But do you have early read on the first quarter results just given the market decline that weve seen year-to-date and the lag in reporting for some of the funds?
Chris Swift: Erik, I could get that to you. But I would just ensure focus on first quarter. First quarter is going to start out soft here just given market activities and the lag.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So a couple of things. And we do provide a breakout of our partnership investments and our 10-Qs and Ks so you can see the update. Obviously, we file the K at the end of the month. But when you think about our total partnerships where we ended 2015 at about $2.9 billion of assets, about $1.8 billion of that is in private equity and real estate funds and the rest would be in hedge funds. And when we think about our returns in total, we plan for a blended sort of 6% return. We anticipate higher returns in the private equity funds and a bit lower in the hedge funds. And as Chris just said, as we think about first quarter, a couple of things to keep in mind. For the private equity fund, those are on a quarter lag. So what we report in first quarter will really be where they ended 2015. And for the hedge funds, they are at about a one month lag. And looking at what we expect to see for January results, we expect to see a little bit of downtick in the hedge fund performance and well just have to see how February comes in to see where we actually close the quarter.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you. And then Beth, could you just clarify one thing on Talcott? I for your guidance, I think you mentioned that its as of on the market at 12-31. Can you just give us a sense of how much impact the equity market movements have on earnings for Talcott now given obviously the shrinking of the VA book?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So a couple of things. So the rule of thumb, what we typically look at is that for every 1% change and sort of an annualized look at S&P, thats about $2 million to $3 million of quarter earnings. So when you think about how markets have declined since yearend and sort of extrapolate that, right now looking at it youd probably say about 15 million after tax sort of pressure on the quarter earnings number.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Few questions. First is just in terms of your energy exposure, if you could start with that. It looks to me like youve been one of the more proactive companies in terms of derisking from a credit standpoint on energy. Would you say youre pretty much done with the significant reduction for that portfolio? And also related to that, how much of a gain did you book on the derivatives that were short oil as an offset against some of these impairments?
Chris Swift: Its Chris. I appreciate the observation of our proactivity regarding risk. So yes, we had been very proactive with our Hemco investment management professionals, our Chief Risk Officer, Beth, myself, so we did make some early moves that turned out to be good and wise. Beth could give you the details on the exact percentage decline. But we took out approximately $1 billion of oil holdings in our portfolio. When we did that, we also decided to put on a more of catastrophic hedge on oil prices if it crashed for a long period of time. But Beth, would you just comment about some of the details?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So a couple of things. So as I said, we ended the year with our portfolio at about $2.6 billion. About 91% of that is in investment grade securities. And then a little, obviously, the rest in below investment grade with 745 of that at a BB rating. So as I said here today, we feel very good about our holdings. And as always, well continue to monitor it. And so if there are other actions we need to take, we would take them. But right now, we felt very well-positioned with all of the actions that we took over the course of 2015. As it relates to the oil hedges, as Chris said, we put that on in early 2015 because as we looked at our portfolio, we knew that we did want to reduce our exposure there and we wanted some protection so that if prices were to decline significantly before were able to do that, we had some offset. So actually, the hedge position we unwound mid-December because were basically done with our activities and we were put at a modest loss of about $9 million on it before tax. But again, overall, very, very happy with the actions that we took and the position that we find ourselves in today.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, thanks. And then next question is just on the group benefits side. Doug, can you comment on - results are softer this quarter. It looks like youre assuming margins consistent with the full year. Should we take that to mean the fluctuation you saw on 4Q were just on the adverse side, you dont see any change there? Or do you need some rate there to get to the results that youre predicting for 2016 or youre forecasting for 2016?
Doug Elliot: Yes, good question Tom. I think that our full year results are more reflective of how we deal about group. There was some fine-tuning at yearend. We had a little adverse mortality and severity in our life block. And a little bit of activity in LTD, not anything major. And as I look at the full year, I still feel very good about the health of our overall book of business and our ability to compete in the marketplace. So we move ahead into 2016 feeling good about the progress made.
Thomas Gallagher: So Doug, no material rate needed in that business from where youre sitting?
Doug Elliot: We still want to stay ahead of trend. So weve got medical and other trends in that book of business that will impact our future plans and activities. But I dont see anything out of the ordinary difference than how we would have thought about pricing over the last 12 to 18 months.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay.
Chris Swift: Tom, this is Chris. Our interest rates obviously are - I think if you look at our discount rates of how were going to discount our implied discount and our liabilities are appropriate. But as Doug said, I mean its a great business for us. Its a major contributor of our growth orientation and our strategies. Its integral. And Im glad youre recognizing its potential.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Thanks, Chris. And then just one last one on Talcott. And this is sort of a bigger picture question to think about not so much specific numbers related to beyond 2016. But I just want to understand conceptually how youre thinking about this. So youve obviously taken out a combination of extraordinary dividends plus the earnings generation at that business for last few years here or at least in 2015 and then the plan in 2016. But if I think about the shrinkage of that block, it looks like it is slowing a bit on the VA side. And now the majority of capital is non-VA related and those liabilities seem to be stickier. So as we think about our path over the next two, three years, is it fair to say more of the dividends coming out will just be earnings or do you still think theres a lot of latitude for taking out the bigger extraordinary dividends as well.
Chris Swift: Tom, Beth can comment on her views. But I think generally youre right with the view if you look at the capital allocation. Weve got a lot of capital tied up in, I call it, the fixed annuities. But again, the amount of derisking that the book has gone through, the hedge protection, the sensitivities that Beth gave you on capital margins, it still says that we have the ability to extract some excess capital out as the block shrinks and as we produce earning. Math-wise its hard for us to predict right now, but thats what I would say. Beth.
Beth Bombara: Yes, I agree with that. I mean again you go back, we took out $1 billion of dividends last year and we anticipate taking $750 million out this year. What I think about 2017 and 2018 to your point, I first think about the capital that we generate, $200 million to $300 million range which I would point out still requires extraordinary dividend approval even though its earnings. Its a capital position of Talcott. And then I do see there being the potential for excess capital beyond that. But when I think about going into 2017, I dont anticipate the dividends being higher than what they were in 2016. And as we go through the course of the year, well obviously continue to update that, but youre right, it would be on a downward trajectory, not increasing when we think about the excess capital.
Thomas Gallagher: Thats helpful. Thanks.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. And Jessa, I think we have one more question in the queue.
Operator: We certainly do. Your last question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel from Janney. Please go ahead.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning. Doug, just a quick question on personal. Your outlook midpoint of the range is a one point improvement for personal lines. And in light of the fact that youre just trying to sort of address personal lines, auto pricing for the changed frequency environment and youre growing [indiscernible] in the second half, does that suggest that homeowners can offset sort of auto being in the fix mode or are there some things you can do on the expense side it gives you confidence that you can show an improvement?
Doug Elliot: So Bob, you now have the sense that were working numerous levers on both home and auto. And I do think that the first half of the year in auto will be a tough compare relative to frequency because basically they had none in the first half of last year. But theyre underwriting actions. And these agency actions I described we think will improve our results over time. Its not going to be easy. And as you know, it takes a while for these actions to earn their way in. Both Chris and I are committed to making those changes and we believe we can hit the targets that we have out there. But weve got a lot of work to do in front of us, no question. And I look at headwinds into 2016, personal lines is probably just at the top of that list for the need for us to work through change to get these books in a better financial state.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. You dont think having to put on the gas pedal in the second half contributed all to the deterioration. Its more macro trends.
Doug Elliot: We believe so. Weve been very selective about where we put the gas pedal on. Weve talked to you about the fact that weve got a new class plan that have went in two years ago. And its been rolling in over time. But Ray Sprague and his team have been very analytical about how weve built in our marketing plans, where were advertising. AARP obviously is at the core of that, Bob. We look at it by state, so were very targeted in terms of within those states, what were doing. But I will also say to you that the overall answer is still not working. So we have more work to be done and confident that were on the right path with the renewed team, actively engaged to get it done in 2016 and 2017 as we move forward.
Bob Glasspiegel: Well, awesome. Thanks, Doug.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you everyone for joining us today and for your interest in the Hartford. Please note for your calendars that Chris Swift and Beth Bombara will be at the Merrill Lynch conference on February 10th. And in addition, Beth and Brion Johnson, our Chief Investment Officer and Head of Talcott will be at the AFA conference in Florida at the end of February and early March. We hope to see you at either or both of those events. Again, we thank you for your interest in the Hartford and please do not hesitate to follow up with the investor relations team if you have any other questions. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head, Investor Relations Chris Swift - Chairman and CEO Doug Elliot - President Beth Bombara - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Meredith - UBS Securities Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Gary Ransom - Dowling & Partners Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets John Nadel - Piper Jaffray Meyer Shields - KBW Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jay Gelb - Barclays Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ian, and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning. And welcome to The Hartfords webcast for third quarter 2015 financial results. Our third quarter financial results news release, investor financial supplement, presentation and 10-Q were all released yesterday afternoon and are posted on our website. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. Just a few notes before Chris begins, todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward looking statements and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are also available on our website. Our presentation today also includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Ill now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone. Last night we announced our financial results for the third quarter. While we delivered strong underlying performance in our commercial lines and group benefit businesses, we did experienced some headwinds in several areas, resulting in a decrease in core earnings, lower net investment income, prior year development in commercial lines, and higher cats and loss costs in personal lines were the primary contributors to a 19% decline in core earnings per diluted share. Net investment income was down 10% compared to the third quarter of last year. This decline is mainly due to hedge fund performance in the quarter. However, year-to-date results remain ahead of our outlook for alternative investments in aggregate. We also had some notable achievements, including increase in 12 months core earnings return on equity to 9.1% and growing book value per diluted share by 8%. In mutual funds, net flows year-to-date were at the highest level weve seen since 2010 and in Talcott, our execution remains steady, where we continue to successfully manage the risk of the book and return capital to the holding company for more creative uses. Doug and Beth will cover operating results in more detail. I wanted to share a few thoughts on our results. In commercial lines, the underlying combined ratio, excluding cats and prior-year development improved 1 point over prior year. This result was driven by small commercial and specialty commercial, which delivered underlying combined ratios of 86.8 and 99.1, respectively, or better than prior year. The underlying results in middle-market were steady versus last year. However, prior-year development in general liability and commercial auto contributed to the deterioration in the total combined ratio. Personal lines cat losses were elevated versus prior year, although, below our expectations. We saw and reacted to recent signs of increased auto frequency, which impacted our combined ratio. We also experienced elevated non-cat property losses compared to the prior year. This business is always required that we actively utilize data and analytics to monitor trends and make adjustments, and that is exactly what we're doing. Group benefits delivered another strong quarter with core earnings margin of 5.5%, improving a full point from prior year. The year-to-date margin of 5.9 is the best we've seen since 2008. In addition, the group benefits team recently signed a renewal rights agreement for AIGs under 100 lives employer segment, which aligns with our objective to grow in the small and middle-market areas. Looking ahead, we are focused on executing on our strategy even as we face a more competitive and dynamic industry environment. We share some examples of these efforts. Relative to distribution in commercial P&C we are on track to meet our goal of adding sales and underwriting talent in targeted geographies like the West and Midwest regions, which will help us be more responsive to customer needs. In group benefits, we increased the number of sales representatives in the under 500 lives employer segment to complement our national account segment. The goal is to have a more balanced portfolio of small to midsized accounts, while maintaining our strength in national accounts and early results of these efforts are encouraging. In early October, Doug and I, went with a number of our senior leaders, attended the Annual CIB Conference, where we met with more than 80 of our industries top agents and brokers. These discussions confirm that the work we have been doing to expand our product offerings and risk appetite is beginning to pay off. The feedback we received also affirms our view that The Hartford has strong and growing momentum with many of these organizations, which will serve as well on our strategic journey. Talented people are the engine behind The Hartford success. I am especially proud of a care and commitment our employees show towards customers in their time of need. During the recent wildfires in California, our claims teams were able to quickly inspect 100% of claims, meet in person with all impacted customers and get them into temporary housing, no small feat considering the impact of these fires. This is exactly the kind of claims service that differentiates us and earns The Hartford a 4.8 out of 5 Star ratings with our customers. Before turning the call over to Doug, I want to emphasize that while we had some challenges in the quarter I am pleased with the progress The Hartford has made during the year. Our year-to-date results reflect a 17% increase in core earnings per diluted share over the prior year and we are focused on finishing the year strong. I am confident that we have the right people, capabilities and underwriting discipline to succeed even in an increasingly competitive marketplace as we remain focused on delivering shareholder value by increasing ROE and book value per share. Now let me turn the call over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning. I am going to provide additional details on the operating results of our Property and Casualty and Group Benefits business units, but, first, let me begin with the few observations about the market. The competitive landscape in Commercial Lines and Group Benefits is slightly more pressured than we experienced over the last four quarters. Markets remain largely rational, but there are more clear signs of aggressive new business pricing with some loosening of terms and conditions, particularly in commercial property. We continue to find opportunities to acquire adequately priced new business while remaining disciplined in our risk selection approach, mainly through more intense sales execution in our local markets with agents and brokers. In Personal Lines, competition is generally consistent with prior quarters. We continue to see opportunity for growth in the direct channel and with our differentiated AARP agency offering. Price competition in the traditional agency channel remains the norm driven by competitive raters. Third quarter core earnings in Commercial Lines was $216 million with the combined ratio of 94.5. This was an earnings decrease of $52 million versus third quarter 2014, primarily driven by adverse prior period development in commercial auto and lower net investment income. The underlying combined ratio, excluding catastrophes and prior period development, was 91, improving 1 point from third quarter 2014, largely driven by continued margin expansion in workers' compensation. This improvement reflects the solid foundation we built in recent years across our commercial businesses through rigorous underwriting and pricing discipline. Renewal written pricing in standard commercial lines was 2% for the quarter, down 1% from second quarter 2015 and 2 points from third quarter last year. Commercial auto continues to achieve high-single-digit price increases as we and the industry address weak returns in the line. Pricing in other lines is more competitive, particularly middle market. In Small Commercial, written premium grew 4% in the quarter. Strong policy retention has continued providing a nice tailwind as new business was up more modestly at 2%. The underlying combined ratio was 86.8, improving seven-tenths of a point from a year ago due to better workers' compensation margins and favorable non-cat property losses. We continue to work on distribution initiatives with our agency partners to drive new business growth. Although the market is competitive, our business model is performing well and we see the opportunity to deploy our capabilities to gain market share. In middle market, we posted a somewhat mixed quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 93.8, three-tenths higher than third quarter 2014. However, the overall combined ratio was 102.5, 8.8 points higher than last year due to adverse prior period development, primarily in general liability and commercial auto. The development in general liability was driven by a large loss in older accident years. In commercial auto, we continue to see increased severity on a relatively small number of losses, mainly from accident years 2010 to 2013. In several of these claims, there has been a pattern of significant build up in medical costs without ongoing notification to us. Its important to note that our reserving estimates assumed that these trends will processed into more accident years as well, but that certainly does not reflect the intensity of our actions to improve performance in the line. We have been working throughout the year to improve claim, product, and underwriting execution and thereby better manage outcomes on the current accident year. This includes implementing new underwriting tools and guidelines that we expect to reduce our exposure to these high severity risk profiles for both new and renewal business. And we continue to increase rates and improve our pricing segmentation to better address loss cost trends. We believe that we have begun to mitigate these trends in the current accident year but will only make that call as the data develops. Moving to the topline in middle market, our metrics continue to show that we are making effective decisions to retain well-priced business and acquiring new business when meeting our underwriting and rate adequacy thresholds. Written premium growth was 2% driven by strong renewals in marine, new business growth in large property and construction, and pricing increases in commercial auto. We remain committed to improving and expanding our non-workers' compensation lines recognizing that we must be thoughtful on our approach given recent market conditions. In Specialty Commercial, the underlying combined ratio was 99.1 versus 105.1 in the prior year. The 6 point improvement was driven by better loss performance in Bond and Financial Products. Last year Bonds accident year losses included a large loss while this year has returned to our historical performance. Topline growth for Specialty was 7% driven mainly by strong account retention and renewal premium in national accounts and to a lesser extent auto premium adjustments. In Personal Lines, core earning was $70 million for the quarter versus $71 million last year. Of the $54 million decrease, $23 million was due to higher catastrophe losses versus third quarter 2014. Our total catastrophe losses this quarter were below our expectation. However, third quarter of last year was even more favorable resulting in a challenging year-over-year comparison. Our most significant events this quarter were the California wildfires which resulted in $56 million of pretax losses, the underlying combined ratio of 95.6 deteriorated 4.7 points from last year driven by increases in auto frequency, non-cat homeowner losses and marketing expenses. Let me provide more detail on each of those items. First, auto frequency increased 3% in the quarter after several quarters of flat to negative indications. We had anticipated some increase in our frequency this quarter known that we had a very favorable frequency change in third quarter 2014. On a trailing 12 month basis, our frequency change is below 1%. There have been quite a few broad-based data observations such as lower gas prices, improving employment conditions and increased miles driven that point to roads being more congested. It is very difficult to correlate this information with our specific book of business which we generally find to be less susceptible to these factors due to our weighting towards majeure drivers. However, we all travel the same roads and our customers are not completely insulated from these conditions. As a result, we have reflected a slight increase in frequency with our loss estimates and pricing assumptions. The months ahead will provide more data and we will continue to adapt our pricing and marketing strategy accordingly. Second, this quarter we start increasing non-cat homeowner losses primarily from fires and water damage, although partially offset by favorable weather losses. These types of losses tend to be uneven from quarter-to-quarter. Recall that fire losses in the second quarter of 2015 were at their lowest level in seven years. Weve examined the loss profiles and at this point have not seen any particular patterns in our data. And finally, direct marketing spend is up this quarter versus third quarter 2014. AARP Direct, auto has continued to perform well and we've been planning for increased acquisition efforts in the back half of this year to take advantage of our recent product improvements. We are especially focused on driving online activity through our contact centers where our sales teams provide outstanding counseling services, have demonstrated the ability to convert prospects to customers. Total written premium for the quarter grew 1%, including 4% growth in AARP Direct and 8% growth in AARP Agency. In other agency, written premium was down 10% versus the third quarter of 2014. Our efforts engaged with highly partnered agents who value the differentiated products and services we offer are continuing. Shifting over to Group Benefits, core earnings in the third quarter was $47 million, up 24% over the same period in 2014, achieving a core earnings margin of 5.5%. The increase is primarily attributable to topline growth and a lower disability loss ratio compared to prior year. Earned premiums excluding association, financial institutions was up 3% in the quarter, driven by growth in our employer, group life and disability lines. For the quarter, fully insured ongoing sales, was up 7% to $61 million. In addition, our employer group business continues to maintain strong book persistency, around 90% on a year-to-date basis. We are having success in competitive markets. Our flow of new business opportunities is strong and we are working in a discipline yet aggressive manner to win new accounts. Long-term disability continues to be the most competitive line, despite having underperformed across much of the industry in recent years. Our disability book of business is performing well, following several years of underwriting and pricing actions and we are maintaining our steady course. Our Group Benefits value proposition has been significantly enhanced over the last several years, with improvements to our service and claims experience and the addition of a robust voluntary platform. We are well-positioned to expand this business and are confident that we have build momentum across our target markets. With that, let me conclude my comments. This is a quarter where we experienced some volatility across our auto and property lines, and we are very focused on taking appropriate actions to strengthen performance in these areas. We continued to invest in product expansion, deepen our distribution capabilities and deliver outstanding service to our customers. Markets are competitive and we're responding with discipline and focus to stay on track with both near-term actions and our long-term strategic objectives. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. I'm going to briefly cover the other segments, the investment portfolio and our capital management actions before we turn the call over for questions. Mutual Funds core earnings were flat with the prior year quarter, as lower fee income due to the decrease in market levels from June 30th was largely offset by lower distribution and other operating expenses.  Total AUM was down about 5% from September 30th last year, mostly due to Talcott related AUM runoff. Excluding Talcott, AUM declined 2% due to the market decline this quarter. Fund performance remains solid, with 58% of all Mutual Funds and 74% of the equity funds, outperforming peers over the last five years, helping to improve net flows to a positive $307 million for the quarter and almost $1.1 billion year-to-date. Talcott posted stronger-than-expected core earnings of a $107 million, but down from a $122 million last year due to decreased fees and investment income, partially offset by lower expenses. The decrease in fees reflects the continued runoff in Talcott, with an 11% decrease in variable annuity contract count over the last year. Investment income was impacted by several factors, the largest item being lower limited partnership income, which was partially offset by higher bond calls and make-whole premiums than last year. In addition, Talcotts operating expenses and costs for contractholder initiatives were lower than the prior year. As I mentioned last quarter, Talcott paid a dividend of $500 million in July, in addition to the $500 million dividend paid in February. We expect to pay another $500 million dividend to the holding company in early 2016. Corporate segment third quarter 2015 core losses of $63 million were up slightly from $58 million in 2014, which included a $7 million insurance recovery. Excluding this benefit, core losses continue to decline due to lower interest expense as a result of debt repayments over the last year. Turning to investments, the credit performance of our portfolio remains strong although impairments rose slightly to $40 million before tax from $15 million in the third quarter of 2014. About half of the impairments resulted from the decision to sell some lower credit quality securities in the high-yield and emerging market portfolios. Our annualized portfolio yield excluding limited partnership was 4.2% in the quarter, up slightly from 4.1% in both second quarter 2015 and third quarter 2014. Our consolidated portfolio yield held up well despite the headwind from low interest rates, as the impact of lower reinvestment rates was partially offset by the benefit of make-whole call premium and bonds, prepayment penalties and mortgages and other non-routine items. These non-routine items, which are largely correlated to the continued low interest rate environment, increased the year-to-date investment yield by about 10 basis points. Excluding these items and limited partnership, our year-to-date annualized portfolio yield was 4%, down about 10 basis points from a year ago. The P&C portfolio also is experiencing a similar pattern, declining this quarter to an annualized yield of 3.7% excluding limited partnerships. And it did not benefit from non-routine items to the same degree as the Talcott portfolio. Although P&C new money yields averaged 3.8% due to wider credit spreads, we continue to expect low reinvestment rates to pressure P&C in consolidated portfolio yield. As Chris mentioned, lower limited partnership returns negatively impacted our results, particularly in Commercial Lines and Talcott. This portfolio had an annualized return of 3% this quarter. The year-to-date return is 10%, still well above our 6% outlook. This portfolio which totals about $3 billion is roughly 60% private equity and real estate partnerships, which have earned about 18% year-to-date and 40% hedge funds, which were negative in the quarter and year-to-date. Hedge fund performance was adversely affected by the global decline in equity markets and volatility in currencies Looking at the fourth quarter, we cant accurately predict hedge fund performance because of their idiosyncratic nature. However, we do have some early visibility into real estate and private equity partnership returns, which are reported on a one-quarter lag. So far, we expect fourth quarter real estate and private equity income to decline from the strong recent performance as the valuations will be impacted by the third quarter decline in equity markets. Considering this, we currently estimate that fourth quarter limited partnership and other alternative investment income will be lower than the third quarter 2015 actual results. We've always expected limited partnerships to have more volatile returns than the rest of the general account and we have sized them accordingly. We also expect returns in the portfolio to be higher overtime to compensate for this volatility, which we certainly have seen over the past several years. Turning to our capital management program. As you know, we increased our equity repurchase authorization in July. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 6.5 million shares for $300 million. In addition, since the end of the quarter through October 23rd, we repurchased an additional 2 million shares for $94 million, leaving roughly $1.7 billion remaining under the equity repurchase authorization that expires at year-end 2016. In addition, as a reminder, we intend to repay an outstanding $167 million debt maturity in November. I would note that our rating agency debt to total capital ratio was approximately 26.9% at the end of September, down from 28% at year-end. September 30, 2015, book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI rose to $42.99, up 6% from year-end 2014 and 8% from September 30, 2014, reflecting positive net income after dividend to shareholders and the accretive impact of the equity repurchase program. To summarize, core earnings totaled $360 million for the quarter or $0.86 per diluted share. Even with some of the challenges we experienced in the quarter, we did improve core earnings ROE and grow book value per share. Over the last 12 months, we've achieved a core earnings ROE of 9.1% compared with 8.2% at third quarter 2014 in the range of 8.7% to 9.2% provided to you at the beginning of the year. In addition, our year-to-date core earnings of $2.81 per diluted share, up 17% from 2014. I will now turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. First of all to those of you listening on the webcast, I will apologize for some of the sound interference that you are getting. I just want to remind you all that the replay of the call will be available. There is also a transcript, however, given the irritation of the skipping what I want to do is repeat the dial-in number. So that you can hear the Q&A session clearly. So for the dial-in, its area code 877-685-7362. For those international, its area code 937-999-2389 and the conference ID is 50576163. And I repeat its 50576163. If you dial those numbers, you should be admitted automatically to the call and again the dial-in is 877-685-7362. Just a reminder to those of you who are on the call right now that we request that you limit yourself to two questions after which you're welcome to re-queue for additional questions. We appreciate your hearing to this so that we can have as many people as possible ask their questions on the call. Ian, could you please repeat the instructions for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Brian Meredith. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thank you. A couple questions. First, can you just dive into whole frequency situation, just a little bit more here. Perhaps you can give us some more color on kind of maybe state that is coming from. Is more of it coming from AARP versus the other agency? Is it balanced? Anything that you're seeing?
Doug Elliot: Brian, this is Doug. Let me start out by saying clearly July and August were little heavier on the frequency side than September. So we think some of that is attributed to summer travel and were very interested how October will play out. So very important transit there on the top. There is obviously a state dynamic. If you look at miles driven that DOT is shared. There clearly is a West Coast and across the South dynamic of more miles driven over the 2015. Were feeling some of that in our state-by-state analysis. Next point, I would share is that as we look at the top 10 states from a Personal Lines liability perspective, essentially we were in line with market share. So were not overlined in any of the bigger states that are driving some of this frequency change namely, California. Were aware of those states where we are and our work continues. So as I look at this dynamic, we had very favorable rolling 12 frequency changes over the past couple years. We have seen a little bit activity certainly into the third quarter. We reacted to it in our financials. Well stay on top of our trends into October, November. And were going to make sure that our pricing analytics are correlated with the trend you're seeing in our loss analysis.
Chris Swift: Hey Brian, its Chris. Let me just add a larger context that you guys jump into it right away. The AARP relationship has been a wonderful 30-year relationship for us and its very strategically important. And we pride ourselves on working together with them, some of their members and have coordinated strategies and outlooks so that 80% of our Personal Lines book is AARP whether it be direct or agent. And its -- over longer period of time has performed very well. So that when Doug refers to increases in frequencies, you got to think in terms of a lower different base than sort of a larger mass market in your Personal Lines company. So as much as we reacted to it, there is a basis difference that our book is still relatively outperforming with lower frequencies from what we could tell at this point in time.
Brian Meredith: Got it. Thanks. And then my next question, one of you can just dive in little bit more into the commercial auto adverse development. What are youll doing right now to make sure that thats going to continue here going forward. Its kind of been almost a quarterly event that we've seen recently?
Doug Elliot: Brian, again this is Doug. So what we've seen most recently is some pressure between months 24 and 42 in our triangles. And as I mentioned in my commentary, primarily in years 2010 to 13, so were seeing late emergence of medical information as these claims are unfolding over the couple years. Couple things are happening. One is that inside our claim operation, were looking at diagnostics that will try to get our arms around those claims as quickly as possible. I gave an example on the call moments ago. Sometimes we dont get these till late into their life, but we are looking at our claim practices and wondering whether we can make adjustments there. And more importantly inside our underwriting, we are buckling down and making sure weve got all the disciplines around driver behavior, past driver behavior and were looking at new class plan tweaks, et cetera. So were working both ends of this, kind of, like we have put our arms around the issue and something that although has been frustrating, I feel like were on top of it.
Brian Meredith: So youre not seeing any increase in frequency in the commercial auto space necessarily?
Doug Elliot: No, this has not been a frequency issue. Its more in the severity side for sure.
Chris Swift: Brian?
Brian Meredith: Yeah.
Chris Swift: Again, just a context. This is primarily a middle-market phenomena. Our middle-market premium is little over $200 million on an annualized basis. So it's irritant as we feel and -- but were trying to work through the best we can as Doug said. I think the other context too is just the larger balance sheet. And you know were one of a few companies that has disclosed our carried reserves in excess of our actuarial point estimates and at year-end 14, it was about 3.5%. We continue to grow that here in 15. So its just a little minor irritant in relation to the larger reserve positions that we have for adverse deviations in the future. Were very satisfied with particularly as continuing to grow those positions here in 15.
Doug Elliot: Brian, I guess, the last point Ill just add over the top is as you know we continue to drive rate into that book of business, right. So Ive given you underwriting claim access but were not forgetting about the need for rate to deal with that increased severity.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Sabra Purtill: Operator, were ready for the next question.
Operator: You next question comes from Michael Nannizzi. I apologize from Gary -- Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you. Can you hear me?
Chris Swift: Yes, we can Michael.
Michael Nannizzi: Hello. Great. Doug, can we dig a little bit more into the auto -- the auto underlying combined deterioration year-over-year? Can you quantify, it looks like the expense ratio was higher? We cant really see that breakdown at the product level. Can you just help us understand like what the breakout between the expense ratio and this frequency deterioration wise?
Doug Elliot: Sure, Mike. Let me see if I can maybe walk third quarter 15 to second quarter, Im sorry, third quarter 14 to third quarter 15 for just to take you through that. So if you look at an X to X basis, Im going to walk from 90.9 to 95.6. The frequency dynamic in our auto book, both PD and liability, roughly 2.5 points, so that 4.5 point change, so frequency driving more than half of that change. Theres another point coming from ex-cat property. I talked about the fact that we've seen a few more fires, water losses in the quarter, so there's a point of that change coming from property. And then the other point or so is coming from expenses. So that's how I think about the 4.5 point move.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. So what about just in auto?
Doug Elliot: In auto, youd have to rewrite that without the property premium. Obviously, the auto news has nothing to do with the homeowner change, right. So the 2.5 points waits up to within auto probably 3.7-ish or so. The other point I would make when you think about the roll-forward with auto. We had a very favorable frequency quarter in third quarter 2014. So we're comparing a little bit of a move, a 3% frequency move third quarter 15 to a very favorable quarter last year makes the compare more challenging. But, nonetheless, our pick is where it needs to be for third quarter 15.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. So, okay. Just if I can -- so if I look at the underlying combined in auto deteriorated 460 basis points year-over-year? So can you tell us of that 460 how much of that was the higher expenses? It looks like your expenses about a point higher across personal lines? Im just trying to figure out how much of that increase is expenses and how much of it is due to frequency?
Doug Elliot: So 100 to 110 basis points of the 450 would be the expense move?
Michael Nannizzi: Okay.
Doug Elliot: The frequency, I think, you have it is 250.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And the rest, okay, the rest of frequency. Okay, and then, so can you talk about the rate action that youve taken so far and when do you expect to see this trend normalize?
Doug Elliot: I guess the few things. As I commented, this did emerge on us over the course of the summer. September reasonably performed. So not near the patterns we saw in July and August. We are though thinking were in a different frequency environment. In fact, we have planned for that, right. So some of our plans in 2015 suggested that we were not to see some of the favorability we had seen in 14 and prior. As we move forward, we obviously are watching carefully, right, whether we have a new norm of the frequency trend or not. I think it's early to call. I would not suggest that we think were in a 3% go-forward world, but we are contemplating whether we need to move and how aggressively state-by-state. Lastly, our indications and maybe I didn't say this before, as we think about our book of business, our frequency change does not look to be because of the new business weve written over the past year or 18 months, it looks to be across our book, and yes, there is state profile. So were spending time with all the large states and also the small states. Were looking across all of our profiles. Were spending a lot of time on our renewal book and well be dealing with and are dealing with rate actions necessary to counteract where we see pressure inside the frequency.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. Okay. And then just on the middle-market book, youve mentioned a large property loss, can you tell us as far as component of the commercial business, how many points of the combined ratio that represented?
Doug Elliot: A large property loss.
Michael Nannizzi: I think you mentioned in middle-market, right.
Doug Elliot: I think I said [GL] [ph].
Michael Nannizzi: Okay.
Doug Elliot: So we had an old claim case in our primary liability book many years back, where as we worked our way to the core settlement process with this customer. We just decided it was a time we had to change our estimates and so we did that and that was a prior development move.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. Okay. I thought I'd seen in the conference, in the presentation that you mentioned that you had a middle-market property loss, but Ill go ahead and take a look at that. Ill follow-up offline. Thanks.
Doug Elliot: Okay. You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Gary Ransom: Good morning. A while back you talked about a new Small Commercial initiative through the AARP channel. And I was wondering if you could give us an update on where that stands?
Doug Elliot: Sure. Gary, this is Doug. We did launch an AARP initiative last summer, summer of 2014 with AARP. It has been slow to develop, but we've learned a lot. We continue to work that effort. The aggregate some of the premiums is not over-the-top of $10 million so this is still small dollars to us. But working with AARP and leveraging some of things we've done in Personal Lines, I think we've learned a lot and we continue to adjust and shift as we go forward and expect to continue the right customers that are a big part of the AARP program.
Gary Ransom: Do you think this can be something quite a bit bigger over the coming years?
Doug Elliot: I think it's early to call that, Gary. I'd rather give it a little bit more time. I think we probably on both sides expected a little bit more traction in the first year or so, but Im not deterred by that. I still think there are terrific customers that will become Hartford customers over time. We just have not been able to generate the traction that we expected yet.
Gary Ransom: Okay. And on the higher AARP marketing cost, is there any early read on what that has generated in terms of new sales as we come after that?
Doug Elliot: So it's a bit seasonal, Gary. As you know, we ramp up those efforts second half of the year, particularly leading into the January 2016 quarter. So we do not have the success yet that those marketing efforts are geared at, but I think we will over the coming months and obviously theyll be geared to geographies and our customer segments as well.
Gary Ransom: Okay. Thank you very much.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Gary.
Operator: Your next question comes from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Randy Binner: Hey, thank you. Couple of follow-ups on the frequency and then the commercial auto. So on frequency and personal auto, I just want to kind of get a simple point right, is that -- I think the narrative here is that the older drivers in this AARP heavy book are still different, is that right that theyre safer drivers, theyre just getting kind of caught up in collateral damage out there out on the roads? And the other piece, the AARP question is can you talk a little bit about your pricing power to push that rate against the frequency experience in that book versus what we might see in a more wholesale channel?
Chris Swift: I think your first point is well taken and clearly history kind of plays that out. So our driving experience in our AARP financial experience has been very solid over a longer period of time. So yes, we believe exactly what you shared. Secondly, on the pricing piece, were just going to have to work at this, right. This is a state-by-state, month-by-month effort. Obviously, the premiums don't all earn in day one. Were going to have to chip away over the coming quarters. It's not a three or six month process, but it's one that has already begun and one that will accelerate as we look at these patterns that are coming at us today.
Randy Binner: Yeah. I mean, I guess Im thinking is like, I mean you should have better pricing power with an affinity channel, right. So I mean, have you -- I mean can you share how past pricing increases have gone in this channel? I mean, how good the retention or reception is?
Chris Swift: We share retention with you in our sub, so youve seen very steady performance in our retention area. I would expect that to continue. Consistency is a big part of that performance, right. So were very aware of how consistent we need to perform both in a state and a product basis. And I would say that across not only Personal Lines but small commercial as well. So we intend to address the signals were seeing here. We are going to watch carefully. But I think that our customer base is very well informed and I expect that our retention will remain strong moving through time.
Chris Swift: Randy, it is Chris.
Randy Binner: Okay.
Chris Swift: I think the only other observation to is probably little bit of industry tailwind helping all of us given others reacting to even higher frequency, and moving rate action in various state. So, most of our policies are on a 12-month basis given the more preferred marketplace. So we don't have a six-month -- lot of six-month of policy phenomenon but the actions the others that have taken, I think will lay a path that we could draft off of. But we also do this in conjunction with our partner, AARP, right. I mean, its their members. We want to be thoughtful we want to be consistent. We dont necessarily want to shock the system here. So, as Doug said this is a three-month phenomenon for us and we are not sure exactly where it's going to top out it but we know how do you manage the AARP relationship. We know how to manage our 50 state new regulators and I think our past performance has indicated that fairly well.
Randy Binner: Okay. Great. And then just jumping over commercial auto, I think Doug had mentioned that you are getting high single-digit price increases there and maybe that was a comment for the industry as well. But, I guess a simple question is, I mean, how do we get a sense of thats enough, the commercial autos was a problem during the financial crisis years and now it is the recovery -- financial recovery problem, if you will, with the 10 to 13 accident years. It seems like these are probably litigated claims. I'm guessing where the medical is building up as well, correct me if I'm wrong there. But I mean there, is high single-digit enough. I mean, should we be getting -- should we be going forward double-digit price increases here? I mean kind of interested in reflection on that?
Chris Swift: Randy, a few points for you, one is that our high single digit is approaching double. It has been approaching double over the last several quarters. So, yes we are pushing of the curve. Secondly, we are seeing the benefit inside the early looks of our 2014 and 15 accident years. So, I feel better about progress inside those years. Again, there is a liability line that takes a while to playout. So, I want some maturity before we make those calls. But I'm encouraged by progress and also the underwriting efforts underneath that are tweaking and adjusting our book of business both new and renewal continue to have their impact.
Randy Binner: All right. Ill leave it there. Thanks a lot.
Chris Swift: Operator, can I just make a comment before we take our next question. I think, Mike from Goldman asked a question about a property loss. I just want to come back to it. In the financial package, we did share that there was a property lost. It impacted our middle market book of business. We did have a $10 million net fire in that book of business. I think it was a point in change inside the combined ratios. So we commented on it in our disclosures. In the Midwest, I think there was a one-off but that is the answer to the fire question.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Nadel with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
John Nadel: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Doug, maybe to beat the dead horse of Personal Lines for a moment. If I look at the year-to-date underlying combined ratio, so excluding prior year excluding cats, I think you're running through the first nine months about 91.5% if my math is right. Your guide for 2015 was a range of 89 to 91, it doesn't seem like youll get back to that unless you get some favorable weather or something else coming through in 4Q. But I guess the question is, as we look out to 16, if you saw that trends that developed here in the third quarter continue. What kind of range relative to that 89 to 91 which you think would be reasonable looking out?
Beth Bombara: Ill take that. John, its Beth. So, I think we really want to get into providing 16 guidance at this point. I mean you're right, when we look at 15 in the combined that we provided at the beginning of the year, the 89 to 91 that probably running a bit about that by a point. And so as we look into preparing our views into 16 taking into consideration some of the actions that Doug is talking about will firm that up. But sitting here today, I think we would expect to be, kind of on the higher-end of that.
John Nadel: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess, I have a question about the level of earnings for Talcott this quarter and thoughts on statutory capital from Talcott as well. So, Talcotts core earnings in the quarter and if I have it right, $107 million. You had the negative impact of lower alternatives returns, but I guess that was offset or maybe partially offset by better bond prepayment income. I just sort of want to get a sense, if you had a 6% limited partnership or alternatives return there and more normal prepayments, what that segment would've looked like? And then given, you took a $500 million dividend out of Talcott in July, is it simply a matter of hedge gains given the negative market performance that drove statutory capital to be relatively flat quarter-over-quarter?
Beth Bombara: So, couple of things. So, first on the NII piece, youre right in that. The underperformance that we saw on the limited partnerships was really made up by the outperformance that we saw on these non-routine items. Just to give you a sense for the quarter for Talcott, it is probably around $30 million pre-tax of these non-routine items. So, I kind of think of those a little bit as a wash.
John Nadel: Okay.
Beth Bombara: On the surplus side, yeah, we did see a pretty sizeable increase in statutory surplus for Talcott, once you take out the effect of the demand and a couple of things. One, you're right in that because of the market performance during the quarter, we did have hedge gains and because our targets are more economic instead, the reserves did not move to the same degree. So, we had a benefit there. The other items that impacted the quarter as well, was just the recognition of deferred tax assets. That number does tend to bounce around a lot quarter-to-quarter, just because of the way the recognition rules work. So that was also a significant piece of that. So, when I think about Talcott for the year is again, if you back out the impact of dividends, we see statutory surplus up almost $450 million. I still go back to that $200 million to $300 million range weve talked about before. I think its at the beginning of the year. I was feeling more likely be at the lower end of that range to maybe slightly below. Sitting here today, I kind of see us now at the higher-end and potentially maybe a little bit about that. But it really is going to depend on where market conditions end for the quarter.
John Nadel: And just a real quick follow-up on that. That $200 to $300 million, if we are at the upper end of the range given where things and that's a 2016 dividend out of Talcott, correct?
Beth Bombara: So potentially, I think what weve said is that we want to look and see how the year ends and some of that also. When you think about dividends, youve got to think about where is the statutory surplus generation is coming from. Its coming from recognition of deferred tax assets. Those are hard to dividend out. They are not cash yet.
John Nadel: Understood. Yeah.
Beth Bombara: But as we said, well end the year. We will asses where we are. We do still anticipate taking out the $500 million in early 16 and we will evaluate what other capacity there could be depending on how we end the year.
John Nadel: Thank you so much.
Beth Bombara: Ian, we are ready for the next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Two quick questions if I can. First, could you give us a sense of the five of the renewal rights books that youve got from AIG?
Chris Swift: Meyer, its relatively small, think in terms of around $30 million.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And second, I think, you mentioned that you were growing in specialty large commercial property. I was hoping you can talk about that, because I think it could be one of the areas where pricing is particularly weak?
Doug Elliot: Meyer, this is Doug. We have been building capability in the public entity area for last couple years that area has quite a bit of activity in third quarter, because July one tends to be a big renewal crossover for that book of business. So, couple of underwriters in that area. We have nice success. It's really had some traction. I am very pleased about how thats gotten off the ground over last of couple years.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Yeah. Sure. One more on the auto frequency issue and that is, there seems to be a variance among companies as far as how they're experiencing this. We are clearly opting, Geico we have seen pick up in frequency, now you have, whereas seemingly Travelers and Progressive don't seem to be bothered nearly as much by this. And I know you dont know these companies, like you know your own company? But I'm wondering if you can reflect on some of the potential explanations for the differences we are seeing, we are all little confused by ourselves?
Chris Swift: Well, let me share some thoughts and maybe some other thoughts I have just shared. I guess, as you look at miles driven, just at the core, Jay. We're seeing gas prices remain at fairly low levels and the miles driven are up. So as you think about parts of the country, we saw that over the middle part of the year and I think we just have more drivers and we have generally a better business climates. So we have both commercial and the person line drivers on the roads. It's hard to avoid accidents as they continue to occur. Again, we are -- our book has performed well overtime and we are very pleased with that. But the fact that they're on the roads today, there are just more accidents and they are part of those accidents. As we think about kind of further dissecting, there is a statewide mix as I mentioned earlier and I think that will continue to play out. I don't want to make projections of 16 and 17, but I think the state does matter congestion, et cetera. So, it's early, I don't want to take two months and make too much of it, but I also want to give you indication that we are taking a very seriously, disappointed in our quarter and we are going to work hard to make sure we are connecting the pricing and our frequency discussions.
Doug Elliot: Jay, the only other observation I would have is, weve said it before, I mean, our mature book is different than other aspects of others. So we don't know others company's books, as well as they know it, but all we know is that, the majeure driver does exhibit different driving patterns and different levels of frequency. My only other industry observation and others, I have talked about it, but I've been more attuned to just particularly with teenager and young adult the drivers is, there is too many devices in cars these days, that are potentially creating a unfocused driver situation and I think it's real. And I think, we all need to take personal responsibility to continue to put these devices down and focus on the road, because there is just too many distractions. Thats all I will say on that.
Jay Cohen: Okay. Thanks for the thoughts guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Gelb of Barclays. Your line is open.
Jay Gelb: Thanks. My first question is on property/casualty investment income? In the third quarter was $267 million. That included only a $5 million contribution from the limited partnerships and other alternative investments. So, Beth, I am trying to square your comments in terms of what that means for 4Q? I mean, should we expect the total net investment income for P&C to be below that $267 million in 4Q, if I understand the message you are trying to deliver?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So when you look at the compare from third quarter to fourth quarter, and we think about again the limited partnership return, we are expecting to see those be below what we say in the third quarter, just base on what we see today, so that would be negative. And as I commented, P&C did not -- doesn't really seem to benefit as much as the Talcott portfolio from some of these non-routine items that also impacted the compare.
Jay Gelb: Okay. And then, more broadly, would Hartford generating around the 9% return on equity in -- for the trailing 12 months? I think there is some concern now whether the company has the ability to get that higher in over the next year or so, and what are your thoughts on that?
Chris Swift: Jay, I think, we feel about the improvements, obviously, we have made over the last, couple of years. So, I know, you know, this team has worked hard to deliver that 9.1 trailing where we are today and we are going to finish the year strong and we will talk about our guidance for 16 and beyond in February. But I think what we've been trying to signal particularly with my comments, Dougs comment, Beths comments particularly on low interest rate, I mean there are serious competitive pressures. There is serious low interest rate pressures that are affecting the industrys book of business. And were not going to be immune to it. So I would still say that we think we have levers to continue to manage and expand our ROEs going forward. But clearly it's not at the rate and pace that we've been able to deliver in the past.
Jay Gelb: Understanding the guidance wont come in totally next year, can you direct -- qualitatively can you give us some insight on those levers?
Chris Swift: Well, you know, Dougs talked about it here just in the Personal Lines book. I mean, its underwriting actions, its pricing action, its a mix of business action. Were trying to be a more efficient organization, while we invest in some of our new capabilities, particularly technology. As I mentioned, coming out of CIAB, I think we have the opportunity to expand our market share, not competing on price, but by delivering more products and services to our existing customer base and they would do more business with us. So those are just, some of those on top of my thought.
Jay Gelb: Excellent. Hopefully capital management as well?
Chris Swift: Not clearly. Im focused on the numerator as you know. So but we do -- we have our plan through 16, which I think you know is meaningful and will contribute to our performance.
Jay Gelb: Thanks for the answers.
Chris Swift: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Gallagher, Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. One follow-up on the prior-year development in commercial auto, so understanding the higher medical costs that you saw this quarter. Doug, is that what youve been assuming from the standpoint of 14 and later loss -- initial loss picks or is that if medical costs remain at that level, you'd also have an issue there?
Doug Elliot: So Tom, we are expecting some of that pattern that we've now seen emerge in 2010 through 2013, to also emerge in 2014 and beyond. So, yes weve become a bit more conservative in our development factors in those outer months in the most recent accident years.
Tom Gallagher: So, in other words, if those elevated medical costs remain -- continue as is, you shouldn't have adverse development on 14 and later?
Chris Swift: Correct. That was our goal. That's why we made the move.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. The other question I had is there was -- I guess for Beth, there was a $200 million capital contribution to a property casualty, U.K. runoff entity. Can you just provide a little color what's going on there? Is that a business you're planning on selling, anymore capital going to be needed there?
Beth Bombara: Sure. So, yeah, we've been in the process of consolidating our U.K. P&C runoff businesses into a single legal entity. And so what we were disclosing with some of the activity that happened in October is this process does require court approval. We received it on October 13th, and so the capital moved around within the entities. This really is consolidating this business into one legal entity, has a couple of advantage. One actually is more efficient from a capital perspective when you take into consideration the capital standards in the U.K. And it also allows us to consolidate operations, which gives us a little bit of operational efficiency. The second point is it does provide us greater flexibility to potentially act on more permanent solutions to dealing with these types of exposures. Think about this group of business is having reserve about $800 million and Id say little less than 60% of that is asbestos exposure. But Im not going to comment on the likelihood that we actually would be able to find such a solution.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then if I could just sneak in one last one, Beth. For the 4Q, actuarial review or balance sheet review that we should expect for Talcott, when I consider your long-term separate account return assumptions which are still north of 8%, is that a meaningful risk as we think about current interest rate level and potentially changing that as it would relate to a DAC impairment?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So, correct. And that we do look at the DAC assumptions and other reserve assumptions in Talcott in the fourth quarter. Sitting here today, I think couple of things to keep in mind. You are right that our long-term assumption is in that 8% range, but weve benefitted from many, many quarters of outperformance to that, which actually when you think about how the DAC calculation works gives you a little bit of buffer on that. So sitting here today, I do not see any changes in long-term expectations that would impact our views of that balance as we head into the fourth quarter.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Beth Bombara: Thanks. Ian, I think we have one more question in the queue, if we could take that?
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Capital. Your line is open.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Hartford. I was just wondering if we could just look a little bit more carefully at the homeowners book where youve been sort of pushing 8% rate increases and retentions being dropping a little bit. The margins arent -- you're not making a lot of progress year-over-year, which you highlighted sort of the fluky fire losses this quarter. Have you ruled out sort of any adverse selection going on in that book and what is your overall pricing versus exposure growth doing today?
Chris Swift: Bob, you're right. We have had some up-and-down behavior of that book of business that has been disappointing to us. We're spending a lot of time at a granular level inside that book of business by state, et cetera. I think more progress to come but not satisfied at all about our results. Leaning into the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter traditionally has been our best quarter of homeowners performance. So, we hope to continue that in the fourth quarter but there are things, some of which you described that we are aggressively cutting apart as we speak right now to make sure there isn't an adverse element there. I don't believe thats the case today. But right now, leaving no stone unturned.
Bob Glasspiegel: Fair thoughtfully answer. Is there any difference between the agency and the AARP book versus the similar profile?
Doug Elliot: The AARP book has performed well across both our product lines. But I would say that home has underperformed in general in both areas. So, we are not accepting and feeling great about our homeowners results across both channels and looking at all.
Chris Swift: Hey, Bob, its Chris. I would add in addition to Dougs thoughtful comments, as you said, home is very strategically important to us, its important to the AARP relationship, its probably a product line that weve underinvested. And were catching up quite honestly, but were committed to catching up and providing more homeowners insurance to more AARP members, whether itd be on a direct basis or through agents. So no, its got our retention. And as Doug said, were trying to fix it as quickly as possible.
Bob Glasspiegel: I think the industry is moving from that being an accommodation product to being the standalone P&L item and the professionalism of your competitors has certainly been enhanced. So I think the opportunity to achieve that is there for sure.
Doug Elliot: Bob, I would agree with that. And I just I think I referred this. But clearly our performance in the AARP states has been closer to our targets than our agency performance, right. So weve got more work to be done in the agency area, but in total, as I look across the line still not pleased that were not quite where we want to be.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thank you.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. And Ian, I believe I misspoke there is one more question in the queue.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. I had a couple of questions. First, on the Personal Lines business, one of the reasons of the weakness obviously was higher AARP Direct marketing spending so -- and obviously thats a controllable factor. So just wondering whats your expectation for spending over the next few quarters? And if your loss costs do remain elevated, do you intend to slow down spending a little bit to balance out profitability? And then secondly, on buybacks, you spent about $300 million on buybacks in the third quarter, I realized youre on the10b-5 program, but to what extent do you have the capacity or the intent to be more proactive on buybacks given that youve got the capital already? So if the stock price drops further, would you may be front end some of the buyback activity?
Chris Swift: Jimmy, let me address the first part of your question and then maybe Beth wants to work on the second.
Jimmy Bhullar: Sure.
Chris Swift: Were obviously being always through the fourth quarter we have the ability to kind of look at and address what were going to spend in the next 60, 90 days and were doing that as we speak given the trends were seeing. Second part of the answer I would share with you is that although I have characterized it as marketing spend, obviously part of that is the ability in our service centers to handle the demand that comes out of the marketing spend. So it is really a marketing spend in the aggregate and were making sure that if for running ads on a weekend we are ready to handle those requests as they come in. So its a combination of both generating frontline response and also being able to handle the flow as it comes to our centers.
Beth Bombara: And then on the question on share buyback, yeah we did $300 million this past quarter and you are right, our practice has been to put in trading plan. So for the fourth quarter, our trading plan is around $350 million. We can always be opportunistic. As you know, our practice has been to really spread that out over the period. Weve seen that has worked very well for us, but it doesnt mean from time to time that we might take advantage of some opportunistic trades, but dont anticipate to deviate significantly from how we thought about this in the past.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thanks. And maybe if I could just ask one final question. On your annuity business, you fixed annuity surrenders run up, I think that because of the enhanced surrender value program that you initiated in June. So, maybe if you could just address the scope of that and has the benefit of that come through already or do you expect additional or continue elevated lapses and into the fourth quarter? And then on the VA business, your surrenders actually went down, so how much of that is just because of the drop in account values versus maybe that in the past they were elevated just given the surrender value programs that you had before?
Beth Bombara: Yeah. So just the VA piece first. So, yes, we have seen a little bit of a decline in the VA surrender rate. Youre right, in a market where we would see equity levels go down, we would typically tend to see those surrender rates act accordingly. But we do believe that theres a little bit of the impact of the actions weve taken had in the past and front ended some of the surrender. So when we think about surrender rate absent any other programs that we might do in the variable annuity space, we do see then being a little bit lower than maybe what the run rate has been in the past. And then on the ISB, the program that we have in the fixed annuity book, we did benefit in the quarter from that. There is still some activity thats happening in the fourth quarter, so we might see continuously a little bit of bump from that and then as we go into 16, it just remains to see what other type of initiatives we might do.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. And thank you all for joining us today and your interest in The Hartford. Please note for your calendars that The Hartford will be presenting at the Goldman Sachs Financial Services Conference on December 9th in New York City. And as always, if you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to contact either Sean or myself by phone or e-mail. Thank you for your attention and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 13:27:13) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations Christopher Swift - Chairman and CEO Douglas Elliot - President Beth Bombara - CFO
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. John Nadel - Piper Jaffray Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Brian Meredith - UBS Securities Erik Bass - Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Scott Frost - BofA Merrill Lynch Jamminder Bhullar - JPMorgan Bob Glasspiegel - Janney
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris, and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Hartford second quarter 2015 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Good morning and welcome, everyone, to the Hartford second quarter webcast. Our news release investor financial supplement second quarter financial results presentation and 10-Q were all released yesterday afternoon and are posted on our website. Our speakers today include Christopher Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford, Douglas Elliot, President, and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. Just a few notes before Chris begins. Todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward looking statements and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our presentation today also includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Ill now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Swift: Thank you, Sabra, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the call. Last night we reported strong financial and operational performance for the second quarter of 2015, completing a successful first half of the year. We continue to navigate in a dynamic market environment and reported improved results across all of our businesses. Core earnings per diluted share for the second quarter was $0.91, a significant increase compared with the prior year. P&C, Group Benefits, and Mutual Funds each delivered better operating margins in top line growth this quarter. This quarters strong performance contributed to a 12-month core earnings ROE of 9.6%. The quarter also included net favorable items compared with last year, including higher limited partnership income, lower CATs, a federal tax benefit, lower A&E reserved strengthening and a favorable litigation outcome. Even when adjusting for these items, underlying results were strong. Doug will provide more details on P&C and Group Benefits in a few minutes, but Id like to share with you a few highlights from the quarter. In P&C, our combined ratio when adjusted for CATs in prior year development was 88.9, a 3.8 improvement over the second quarter of 2014. We are especially pleased to see improved underwriting results in both commercial and personal lines. In group benefits, the results reflect our focus on new business generation in disciplined underwriting. Sales increased 29% and after-tax core earnings margin increased to 6.3%. We continue to successfully manage the runoff of Talcott with year-over-year declines in variable and fixed annuity contract accounts of 12% and 11% respectively since June 2014. In addition to strong earnings, we are also pleased to announce that our Board of Directors approved an increase in the companys capital management plan and extended it through December 2016. Beth will review the details in a few moments. The plan reflects the successful strategic and financial transformation of the company including a sharpened focus on P&C, Group Benefits, and Mutual Funds businesses. Since the beginning of 2014, we have returned to shareholders more than $2.8 billion of capital. With the increase in this plan, we intend to return nearly 5.3 billion in share repurchases income and dividends over the three-year period ending 2016. Our primary focus going forward continues to be on the profitable expansion of P&C, Group Benefits, and Mutual Funds business where is we hold competitive market positions. As you know, we have been investing aggressively in these businesses with the goal of improving operating capabilities. This effort includes a significant upgrade in technology such as our market leading small commercial icon system and the recent introduction of a new claims platform. And we have additional upgrades planned. As we consider management of excess capital in the future, we will prioritize opportunities that accelerate our premium growth and operating capabilities. In the event that we do not find opportunities that meet our strategic and financial objectives, we will continue to return excess capital to shareholders. Looking forward, I am confident that we have the right strategy, capabilities, and people required to successfully compete in a dynamic market environment. The Hartford strategy is focused on four areas. First is product expansion. We continue to expand our products to meet a broader range of policyholder risk needs. We are also participating more deeply in targeted industries and extending our risk selection capabilities. The second is distribution effectiveness. We are actively expanding The Hartfords commercial line sales and underwriting presence in key geographies, particularly in the west and Midwest. This expansion, supported by enhanced marketing efforts and rigorous sales execution, is driving better outcomes. Third, we continue to improve the customer experience and the operating capabilities of our company through things like process efficiency improvements, technology upgrades, and digital access. And fourth, we continue to invest in talent. We are proud of our employees, and we are working diligently to attract, retain, and develop the best talent in the industry. For example, we recently hired Mo Tooker as our Chief Underwriting Officer for the P&C businesses and added two new executives to compliment the Personal Lines team, Mary Boyd and Casey Campbell. Like the rest of you, we are closely watching developments across the industry including recent M&A activities. These activities certainly have repercussions on our markets. While change brings risk, it also brings opportunity. We are prepared to address and benefit from opportunities that arise, particularly those that fit our primary focus of expanding products, increasing distribution effectiveness, improving the customer experience in our operating capabilities, and becoming a destination for great talent. As I reflect on my first full-year as CEO, I am appreciative of the many contributions that our Hartfords employees make every day. What makes The Hartford special is our strong character. Throughout the past year, we have received numerous accolades for ethical conduct, risk management, governance, and diversity in inclusion practices, and those attributes are incredibly important us to. In conclusion, we are well positioned to achieve continued success, and we remain focused and our goal of increasing ROE and book value per share to drive shareholder value creation. Thank you. And now Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas Elliot: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Our Property and Casualty and Group Benefits businesses posted strong bottom line results for the second quarter. Favorable property experience for both catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses was a significant contributor to earnings. In other lines, our businesses produced solid margins consistent with recent quarters as loss trends remain benign. With the benefit of strong retention, we also delivered solid top line growth. Favorable weather patterns were clearly the primary force behind our outstanding property results. While we have been increasing our property capabilities in recent years and I am confident that our improved acumen and risk selection and analytics is an important driver for our long-term success, we know that quarter to quarter results will be subject to the presence or absence of severe weather. A well-balanced product mix that includes property is a competitive advantage with customers and agents, and we remain steady on our long-term strategic goals in this line of business. Competitive dynamics across all our businesses are largely unchanged from last quarter. As I commented then, adequately priced new business opportunities are more limited, and we remain disciplined in our risk selection approach. We continue to find success in our local relationships with agents and brokers, and we have been investing in sales and underwriting professionals along with our product and technology capabilities to improve our market position. Ill provide some additional insights on this as I share the second quarter performance of our individual business units. In Commercial Lines, core earnings was $264 million, with a combined ratio of 92.2%. This was an earnings increase of $51 million from second quarter 2014, largely driven by favorable property experience, margin improvement in workers compensation, and higher net investment income. Renewal written pricing and standard commercial lines was 3% for the quarter, essentially flat with the first quarter of 2015 and down two points from second quarter last year. Pricing continues to be strongest in commercial auto where our profit improvement remains a focus. Trends in workers compensation pricing are generally in line with first quarter as we execute a very disciplined strategy to retain our best performing business at margins that meet or exceed our return targets. Catastrophe losses for second quarter 2015 were slightly higher than a year ago, but below our expectations. In small Commercial, written premium grew 4% in the quarter driven mainly by strong policy retention as the new business growth rate has slowed somewhat in recent quarters due to competitive forces. The underlying combined ratio excluding catastrophes and prior year development was an outstanding 85.1%. The decrease of 2 1/2 points versus a year ago is the result of lower non-cap property losses and improved workers compensation margins. Were very pleased with our sustained performance in this business. Our strong written premium growth rate and profit margins have been very resilient as our underwriting and pricing analytics have helped to guide our book up business management actions. In mail market, we posted a strong quarter with an underlying combined ratio of 89.3%, improving 8.3 points versus second quarter 2014. Much like in small Commercial the improvement is coming primarily from excellent non-cap property experience with contribution from margin improvement and workers compensation. A large portion of the favorable property result came from our marine business where we had an excellent second quarter. Written premium growth was 8% driven by strong retention in workers compensation and increased new business in both construction and marine. Were pleased with recent success in these industry targeted businesses as they are a strategic focus for us. This is a positive indication of the traction were gaining in the market as a result of talent and product investments made over the last several years. Since earlier this year we have been adding underwriters in regions where we believe we can cultivate agency partnerships and compete effectively for new business. This is a longer term strategy for growth, and it will take time to build momentum in these local markets. However, we believe it is the right time to be investing in talent, to put our improved product and technology platform to even greater use in the market, and develop new books of profitable business. In specialty Commercial the underlying combined ratio was 98.8% versus 101.5% in the prior year. The three main businesses comprising specialty commercial are all operating within our target return range. We posted solid top line growth of 4%, while margin improvement was driven by improved loss experience in financial products and a mixed shift in our results toward bond with a smaller capped business. In personal lines, core earnings was $42 million for the quarter versus last years $27 million loss. Much of this improvement is due to favorable catastrophes which are down this year by $64 million pre-tax. In addition, we had significant improvement in our non-catastrophe homeowner losses versus last year when we experienced elevated homeowner fire losses. Comparatively, fire loss this is year were at their lowest level in the last five years, and $11 million of the improvement in core earnings was due to a favorable resolution of outstanding litigation. The underlying combined ratio of 89.1% improved two points from last year, largely driven by the homeowner results I just described, partially offset by a slight uptick in auto liability severity. In addition, weve been closely monitoring increased auto physical damage severity, having begun to see adverse trends several quarters ago. Industry trends in early 2015 also appeared to be somewhat elevated. We have identified several opportunities for improvement to our physical damage claim practices and have taken action. Our early observations from these initiatives indicate that were driving improved outcomes, particularly in areas such as subrogation and total loss management. Total written premium for the quarter grew 1%, including 1% growth in ARP direct and 14% growth in ARP agency. We continue to be encouraged by the growth and solid margins of our AARP business. On the direct side, new business increased by 4%. In other agency, written premium was down 9% versus second quarter 2014. Were aligning ourselves with highly partnered agents who seek to deliver competitive yet value-based products and services to their customers. As we move in this direction, therell be some agents and customers that do not match our profile and may seek other options. Shifting over to Group Benefits, core earnings in the second quarter was 56 million, up 8% over prior year, achieving a core earnings margin of 6.3%. The increase is primarily attributable to top line growth and a lower expense ratio compared to prior year. Earn premiums excluding association, financial institutions was up 5% in the quarter, driven by growth in our employer group life and disability lines. For the quarter, fully insured ongoing sales of 58 million, up 13 million from prior year, as we continue to have success marketing our differentiated service offering. In addition, our employer group business continues to maintain strong book persistency around 90% on an annualized basis. The overall loss ratio was essentially flat to prior year. Improvement in the Group disability loss ratio was largely offset by less favorable mortality in group life, which looks to be a function of normal volatility in the line. This is another excellent quarter for Group Benefits. Markets remain competitive and were performing well in all assets of our business. We are well positioned with strong book persistency and improved capabilities, allowing us to compete for new accounts. And were executing on plan initiatives for our voluntary platform, further enhancing our value proposition. With that, let me conclude my comments by reiterating that we had a strong second quarter. We enjoy favorable results from catastrophe and non-catastrophe property losses, and the performance of other lines of business remain strong. Across our Property and Casualty and Group Benefit businesses, we have strengthened our products, technology, and talent. Over the last six months we have attracted a number of experienced industry leaders to our team who will help drive our near-term execution and our long-term strategic objectives. We are confident that the business platform weve been building in recent years will serve us well as we balance growth and profitability for the long term. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. Im going to briefly cover results for the other segments and investments, and will then review our updated capital management plan. In addition to Commercial and personal lines, P&C includes the P&C other operation segment, which has a block of runoff liabilities, including asbestos and environmental. Core losses in this segment were 113 million in the quarter, down from losses of 146 million in the second quarter of 2014, due to lower reserve strengthening on our A&E reserves. As many of you know, we complete the annual ground-up A&E reserve study in the second quarter. As a result of this years study on a pre-tax basis, we strengthened our net reserves by 146 million for asbestos and by 52 million for environmental or a total of 198 million. This is down from 2014 when we had net reserve strengthening of 239 million, comprised of 212 million for asbestos and 27 million for environmental. The asbestos reserve strengthening reflects lower than projected improvement in new mesothelioma claims for a handful of our peripheral accounts, less than 20 out of more than 1,100. The remainder of the accounts are trending in line with the assumptions used to set our reserves. The environmental reserve strengthening was driven by higher new claim severity, including at a handful of super-fund sites but frequency has declined. We are often asked why we havent done an A&E reinsurance deal. We evaluate options for A&E periodically, but to date these deals have not been cost effective, taking into account many factors, including the value we add by continuing to manage these claims ourselves, the price charged by potential reinsurers, the lack of a full assumption reinsurance or sale option, and the potential loss of investment income. Last year investment income in the P&C other segment totaled 129 million before tax. Notwithstanding another year of adverse development on the A&E book, we believe that we can create a better outcome for shareholders if we continue to manage this book ourselves. We will, of course, continue to consider alternatives for these exposures as options and costs could change. Turning to the financial results of our other segments, Mutual Funds core earnings rose 5% in the second quarter, primarily due to higher fee income on increased average assets under management, excluding Talcott variable annuity funds. As expected, Talcott-related AUM continue to run off, which reduced the segments total AUM over the past year. Fund performance remains solid this quarter, with 69% of funds outperforming peers over the last five years, helping to improve net flows to a positive 250 million in the quarter. For the first half of 2015, net positive flows totaled 779 million, the strongest net flow performance since 2010. Talcott posted very strong core earnings of 171 million this quarter, well above our expectations because of a 48 million federal tax benefit and higher investment income, largely from very good returns on limited partnerships. Driven by private equity and real estate funds, limited partnership returns have been very strong this year, running at more than double the rate we used in our February outlook. Talcotts annuity contract counts continue to decline. Our ISB program added slightly to the fixed annuity runoff, while variable annuity runoff was a more normal level since we did not have a surrender focused contract holder initiative this quarter. We continue to evaluate contract holder initiatives and other programs that can help decelerate the decline in these books of business. In July, Talcott paid the second 500 million dividend of the year, bringing the total to 1 billion. We expect another 500 million in early 2016. Corporate segment second quarter 2015 core losses declined compared with the prior year and with the first quarter largely due to lower interest expense as a result of debt repayments. We expect interest expense to decrease in the second half, due to the second quarter bond call and the fourth quarter 167 million debt maturity. For the full-year, interest expense excluding the impact of any debt tenders or repurchases is expected to be about 357 million, down 5% from 2014. Turning to investments, the credit performance of our portfolio remains strong with a modest 11 million of impairments during the quarter. Our annualized portfolio yield excluding limited partnerships was 4.1%, and continues to hold up reasonably well despite the headwinds from low interest rates. New money yields remain low, although within the range we expected for the year, which will continue to put downward pressure on investment income and yields as higher yielding investments mature and are reinvested at lower returns. Helping offset this somewhat, similar to the first quarter, we had higher levels of income from fixed income make whole premiums and other non-routine items, and also from limited partnerships whose annualized yield was about 13% in the quarter. To wrap up on our results, we had a strong quarter with consolidated core earnings per diluted share up significantly and a 12-month roll-in core earnings ROE of 9.6%, both reflecting lower caps, strong limited partnership income, a few favorable tax and other items, partially offset by unfavorable prior year development. Excluding net unfavorable items from both periods, core earnings per diluted share was up 66% over second quarter 2014. In addition, book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, also rose up 4% from year end 2014 and 8% from June 30th, 2014. Reflecting net growth in shareholders equity excluding AOCI and the accretive impact of the equity repurchase program. Outstanding and diluted shares have decreased by 9% since June 30, 2014 as a result of the equity repurchase program. Before turning to Q&A, Id like to wrap up by reviewing our capital management plan. As announced last night, the equity repurchase authorization was increased by 1.6 billion and extended through year end 2016. This provides us a slightly more than 2 billion of equity repurchase authorization for the balance of 2015 and 2016. We currently expect to use this amount ratably over the period subject to market conditions and other factors. Yesterdays increase brings the total equity repurchase authorization to nearly 4.4 billion for 2014 through 2016. Debt reduction remains part of our capital management plan, as we strive to reduce our rating agency adjusted debt to total capital ratio to the low 20s, over time. Yesterday, we announced that we intend to repay the 2016 debt maturity of 275 million. As previously stated, we intend to repay the 167 million issue that matures in November of this year. In addition, we have 180 million remaining under the current debt management plan, which was extended through December 31, 2016. When and how we will utilize that portion will depend on various factors, including market conditions. The increase in the capital management plan will be funded by current holding company funds, as well as future dividends from the operating subsidiaries and other sources. During July, we have received about 900 million in dividends for the holding company, including 500 million funded by Talcott. For the remainder of the year, we expect approximately 300 million in dividends from subsidiaries for a total of about 1.9 billion for the year, unchanged from our February projections. In 2016, our current outlook is for about 1.9 billion of subsidiary dividends and other cash flows to the holding company, including 800 million in dividends from the P&C companies. Finally, recognizing the strong improvement in our P&C group benefits and Mutual Funds earnings, the board authorized a 17% increase in the quarterly common dividend to $0.21 a share, effective with the October dividend payment. Including the impact of share repurchases, we expect to pay dividends of about 330 million over the next 12 months, or about 30% of trailing 12-months consolidated net income, excluding Talcott. Combined with our equity repurchase plan, we are clearly delivering a substantial amount of excess capital back to shareholders. As Chris discussed, with our strategic and financial transformation largely complete, our priority for excess capital utilization going forward is to find opportunities to invest in our businesses, helping to drive premium and earnings growth and expand our capabilities. We will continue to evaluate capital management options as it remains a good tool that we can use to return excess capital to shareholders in the event that we do not find opportunities that meet our overall objectives. I will call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. Before beginning the Q&A session, I would like to remind you all that consistent with past practice and company policy, we do not comment on market rumors or speculation. We appreciate your keeping that in mind so the Q&A session can be productive for everyone on the call. Chris, could you please repeat the Q&A instructions?
Operator: I certainly can. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you. Beth, just wanted to sort of go back just a comment that you made there. So for 2016 you said the current outlook is 1.9 billion in dividends including 800 million from the sub. So am I missing something? Where is the other 1.8 billion coming from?
Beth Bombara: Sure, Mike. So, as you recall, I mentioned that we do anticipate getting $500 million of dividends from Talcott in early 2016.
Michael Nannizzi: Yup.
Beth Bombara: So that would be included. And we also expect dividends from Group Benefits and Mutual Funds. And similar to this past year, we would expect to have favorable tax receipts at the holding company as well. And all of that comprises the 1.9 billion that I mentioned.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Thats great. Thanks for that. And then maybe for Doug, can you break out-- is it possible to break out the margin improvement that we saw in both small commercial and Middle Markets. It can from either the favorable [indiscernible] weather or underlying margin improvement related to comp?
Douglas Elliot: Mike, let me try to give you a little bit of color. Youre right. It was a very good Property quarter and workers comp too. It was about four points in Middle Market and a little bit less than that in small commercial and just in terms of the margin improvement in that line of business.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, so those points you mentioned are related to the property and the remainder would then be related to workers comp?
Douglas Elliot: Those are the two line drivers, yes.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. Okay. And then in homeowners, would it be possible to quantify the - or just give us some marker around the impact of the favorable fire losses on the underlying?
Douglas Elliot: I can do that. You obviously get the CAT numbers and you can see that the CATs are down Q to Q seven points from last year. The fire losses, as I mentioned, were down to the lowest level in the last five years. I think were about five to seven points less than the higher years during that five year period. So I would use as a gauge inside our non-CAT property element.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, got it. Great. And then the last question, I guess, on the other agency business, obviously premiums there is have declined. Im guessing that thats because of maybe not acceptable levels of profitability. Can you talk a little bit about kind of whats happening there in terms of your profitability? And what actions you are taking and seems like the prudent thing to do, but just to get an idea where that is relative to your AARP business, for example. Thanks.
Douglas Elliot: Sure. Mike, a few things, one is, and were working all angles of this. Were working on tuning our open road product which is our new auto class plan, so those tuning requirements continue throughout the country. We are investing and working hard on our homeowners product, probably a little bit more going forward than over the last three to four years. We think Homeowners is an important line relative to our personalized strategy, so a lot of work going on in homeowners. Clearly challenged in the agency space thinking about how we compete and looking for partners that are willing to work with us, work on a value prop play. We have been tuning that segment and will continue to tune. We do feel good about progress. Very pleased with our overall return efforts, but also want to see if we can get the top line moving in a little bit more positive direction.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Thanks so much.
Douglas Elliot: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John Nadel with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
John Nadel: Hi. Good morning everybody. Doug, maybe just a quick follow-up. I understand the following up on Mikes question about the favorable weather and the impact that that had. Can you just sort of characterize that for the commercial segment overall as well as for the personal line segment overall? Significant accident year-loss ratio improvement, but just wondering what you think the actual underlying sustainable level of improvement really is. Recognizing, you know, each quarter can be somewhat volatile.
Douglas Elliot: Yeah, John, the underlying in small, again, really across all our commercial businesses on property was probably several points less than sustainable. That doesnt mean that we havent seen improvement, but I would say two to three points. When I look at our spectrum product in small commercial, a couple of points under where we have been the last second quarters of prior years, and really the key property business has performed pretty consistently the last couple of years. So at consistent levels but at solid levels. I like our loss performance, I think both [indiscernible] and CAT are in very good shape, but probably a couple of points better than a run rate perspective.
John Nadel: Got it. Okay. That is really helpful, thanks. And then maybe a question for you, Chris. I appreciate certainly the improvement that we have seen in the underlying fundamentals, the improvement in the balance sheet, etc., and the commentary about seeking opportunities to accelerate growth. Im curious because it still appears that theres a reasonable amount of financial flexibility and conservatism in your updated capital outlook. And so the question for you is this, do you think really buybacks versus potential acquisitions to accelerate growth have to be a mutually exclusive concept, or do you believe you have the capacity to pursue both?
Christopher Swift: John, thanks for the question. I wouldnt exclude one or the other at this point. I think you have seen our history and track record, particularly working to improve our financial position and deliver the firm, and obviously reward shareholders with accretive capital management. So the way we think about is we announced a plan through 2016. That is our intention. It is our highest and best use of excess capital, but I think what we were trying to signal is a little bit of an inflection point because we feel were in a different place. Were in a different company today. And we can be a little bit more offensive minded about opportunities in the marketplace.
John Nadel: Totally appreciate that. And I guess just a quick follow-up along those lines, Chris. Any specific areas within P&C or even on the Group insurance side that you feel like are areas where you want to expand, where you want to be able to find that faster pace of growth, where you maybe lack some scale today?
Christopher Swift: John, I think we think about opportunities across all our businesses. I mean, you mentioned a couple, but in Commercial, you really think about two main themes. If youve heard Doug and I and Beth continually talking about adding product and underwriting capabilities to the platform, being a deeper and broader risk player. Thats really what we mean in growing our future capabilities and industry verticals. So we think of specialty in that area. We think, in terms of larger parts of the U.S. economy, maybe we havent participated as deeply as I think we can or should.
John Nadel: Okay.
Christopher Swift: You referenced and you heard Doug talk about marine construction, real estate, infrastructure related. Those are the types of things we talk about as far as the real economy and expanding. And along with our geographic penetration and focus. So, anything along those lines, in Commercial, would be very intriguing to us. And you mentioned Group Benefits. If I really look at our platform, I would say we gear it more towards a national or large account platform. Very balanced LTD, STD and Life business. About 50% of premiums in each of those categories. So, if there were opportunities in the small and medium case segments, and folks that potentially could accelerate the pace of our voluntary sales growth, those are the things we would think about there.
John Nadel: Okay.
Christopher Swift: And then, lastly, in Personal Lines. Look, we dont aspire to be a broad market player, but we think we have unique skills and capabilities in direct marketing, in sort of those niche areas. And we think in those terms, John, if there were opportunities to use our brand and direct marketing skills in our wonderful claim skills. So thats just to give you a little bit more of a flavor.
John Nadel: I really appreciate the color. Thanks very much, Chris.
Christopher Swift: John, just a last point there. I think in all of this and, hopefully, you of all people know, and others, is that we continue to be very thoughtful. I would say disciplined and deliberate in this area. Just knowing where were coming from and how we want to use shareholders capital in the most prudent fashion, going forward. But we did signal a change this quarter.
John Nadel: Yeah, no question, Chris. I have a lot of confidence. So, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Meyer Shields of KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Good morning. Two quick questions I think for Doug. One, within the overall 3% standard commercial rate increases, is there a difference between the property and liability lines?
Douglas Elliot: Meyer, all the lines do have their own nuances to them. As I mentioned, Auto is right now achieving more rate across Commercial than other lines. So thats the lead line. Workers compensation has been a bit more under pressure over the last couple of quarters. And even between small and middle, there are nuances. So, yes, very different dynamics across the lines. But, in general, pleased we still see rational competition. Maybe a bit more pressure, but I am very pleased about what we put up this second quarter, and feel good about our efforts first half of the year.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And can you talk a little bit about the adverse developments in Commercial, besides the asbestos environmental, in terms of what was going on there?
Beth Bombara: I will take that. This is Beth. We had very modest adverse development, excluding A&E. We had some favorable development in our workers comp lines, which is offset a little bit by unfavorable development as it relates to the discount on workers comp reserve, which reflects the fact that as weve been settling claims at a faster pace, the amount of actual discount that you have in the reserve changes. And then, the other aspects were really just small puts and takes across the various lines. Really nothing that is worthy of calling out.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yeah, good morning, Chris. Im just wondering, can you talk a little more about, when you are evaluating financial acquisitions, kind of the financial benchmarks that you are going to be looking at? Be it, IRRs, return invested capital, how it relates to share buyback and those types of things? Tangible book value, dilution.
Christopher Swift: Brian, yeah, happy to. I think, a couple points. One, first, any acquisition opportunity first needs to be strategic and financially compelling to make sense. I think, second, we also think about it when we talk internally of the comparison to building organically, because largely what we have been doing is an organic focus. So an acquisition needs to be weighed generally in terms with an organic build. And those organic builds require an investment, requires timelines, obviously patience because it wont happen overnight. So, you sort of weigh all that to sort of see would an acquisition opportunity really accelerate our growth and make sense. I think also, too, really since our transformation, we really driven down our cost of equity capital, reduced our leverage, improved our valuation. So, I think today we have greater flexibility to think about acquisitions. And, ultimately, we view it as a ROI or IOR type of analysis where it needs to add value over a longer period of time and exceed our cost of equity capital today or else we wont do it. And I think from there then the historical metrics of EPS and book value per share will emerge in the accounting records that I think then will create value over a longer period of time for shareholders. So, as I said to John, we continue to be very thoughtful, disciplined, and deliberate in this area. So thats how were thinking.
Brian Meredith: And do you relate it all to share buyback and thoughts on return, share buyback versus M&A, organic growth?
Christopher Swift: Its part of the overall equation, but, again, from a strategic side when were trying to grow our capabilities and grow our earnings, that also needs to be weighed in because by itself, share buybacks dont increase the nominal dollars of earnings going forward. So, but we do weigh that all very carefully, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks. And then just one quick follow-up for Doug. The investment spend that youve been doing the last couple of years, system build-out (audio breaks up), those types of things, where do we stand in that kind of process as far as expenses, and how much longer do you think its going to be a drag on the expense ratio?
Douglas Elliot: Brian, when I think about our invest, I think about it over a longer period of time. So, I dont think about it in spurts of quarters. This is a long-term process. I know we shared quite a bit of that progress in Charlotte with the investor day in June. Weve got some of those invests going on in Middle. Yes, a little bit of pressure on the expense ratio, but I look back at where we are in kind of our quarterly expense and our annual expense targets, and I think about whats happening through the bottom line in our margins. Im comfortable with those invests, and actually see them over a longer period of time than I do over just 2015 or 2016.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Christopher Swift: Brian, its Chris. I think just another thing you need to think in terms of is, and Im not sure where the industry stands in totality. All I can speak from is our company, but we really do need to modernize our tools, capabilities, infrastructure, digital content, and as Doug said, this isnt a simple one and done over the next 12 to 18 months here. This is a commitment to fundamentally improve our customer facing, exchanges, interfaces, for the long term. So were going to be disciplined about expense management, but on the invest side were over clubbing to really improve our capabilities in this area. So, I think we are balancing the best way we can in this dynamics, but make no mistake about it, were committed to fundamentally improving our infrastructure and capabilities to improve our customer experiences.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Bass of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. In Group Benefits you continue to have nice growth momentum. So, I was just hoping you could talk a little bit more about the competitive dynamics in the market and how much of your growth is coming from new products and your expanded voluntary product set.
Douglas Elliot: Erik, hi, this is Doug. A couple of thoughts about it. Really we had a terrific start to 2015, so were encouraged about that progress and really feel like we have priced our way through the challenges of two or three years ago, so that is in the rear-view mirror. As I look ahead, there are strong competitors around us, but I feel good about our ability to earn our way into the finals, and weve won our share. Inside our new sales, theres a positive story both on new customer, but there also is a positive story on growing inside our current customers with at issue sales in addition to where we were last year with that current customer. So thats point number two. And then lastly, voluntary has been an important part of our strategic grow these last couple of years, particularly just getting the product ready to meet the street. I think we feel good that we were able to work those 11-15 and now into 15 with the accounts with our abilities in the voluntary area. It is slow, its probably a little slower than Chris and I thought it might be. As we finish the year, our sales probably in the voluntary area will be just in the GAAP product area probably under 10 million for the year, but whats important is that were able to be at the table with customers that demand that as part of their suite. And I think were there today, and a couple of years ago I was not able to say that.
Erik Bass: Thank you. And then just a quick one for Beth. You mentioned that you still expect to pay a 500 million dividend from Talcott in early 2016, which I believe in the past youve said doesnt include 2015 statutory earnings. So, given the pretty strong results youve seen in Talcott so far in 2015, is there a potential to take either an upsized dividend or an additional dividend from Talcott in 2016?
Beth Bombara: Yes, so that is correct. I have only included the 500 million that weve previously talked about. As it relates to 2015, I think what weve always said is we want to see how 2015 year actually ends. Through six months in June, Talcott first rate [ph] surplus is actually relatively flat once you adjust for dividends, and so what we really need to see is where we end the year. Right now we would anticipate that we would generate statutory surplus still in that 200 to 300 range, but as we said previously, kind of at the lower end of that range. But it really is going to be a function of just where interest rates land at the end of the year and how that potentially impacts reserves that we have to set. So until we end the year, well evaluate where the statutory surplus is and there could then be potential, but were not putting that into our projections at this point.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Gallagher of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Chris, just to start out, I just want to get a sense for the way youre thinking about potential M&A. Would you contemplate transformative M&A, or are we talking about more modest opportunities as ways of deploying excess capital?
Christopher Swift: Tom, thanks. I would say I think our current thinking right now is more modest, adding to capabilities and product lines. And I made a point to be clear, were a U.S.-focused company and organization right now. So, I assume if you were talking about transformative, you were thinking maybe beyond our borders, but our intent is I think we have opportunities to capture more market share with expanded products and capabilities in our U.S. territories. But also be sensitive to maybe following U.S. customers abroad with some of their skills. But we dont think about building international local market expansion currently.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. That is helpful. And then I just want to be clear here that the current buyback authorization, is that going to be competing with M&A when you contemplate what youve announced so far? So in other words if you found attractive deals that could consume some of the buybacks or do you have additional resources or excess capital thats actually slotted for M&A?
Christopher Swift: Tom, its a balancing act. I wouldnt say its competing. Thats our plan, that is our intention, thats what we think is the highest and best use. And if theres alternatives that come along, well put that as far as the overall equation. But I think you know myself and Beth, we are appropriately prudent in managing the balance sheet and always have flexibility in mind.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And I guess either Chris or Beth, just to be clear, though, your current capital plan doesnt necessarily allocate some additional capital buffer for M&A, or am I - can you comment on that at all whether theres something in that plan through 2016 that is allocating something that youre now holding on to for M&A or anyway can you comment on that?
Christopher Swift: Yeah, Tom, and Beth can add her point of view. Again, how we think about it and maybe others have talked about it, too, is we said the deal needs to be strategic and make financial sense. And if we find something that from an acquisition side hits those hurdles and makes our ROIs work, well figure out how to finance it. And so I said earlier, weve reduced our leverage and will continue to reduce it, but we do have flexibility to figure out how we would, Ill call it fund or finance a deal, if we found the right one. So thats all I would say at this point.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Randy Binner: Thanks. You all discussed the A&E resolution market a little bit in your comments. Do you have any update on the annuity risk transfer market? From our perspective, it seems active. And so would be interested in any update you have on that market or should we think of Talcott as continuing to be internally managed resolution?
Christopher Swift: Randy, its Chris. Beth can add her point of view also, but I think right now were very pleased sort of with the runoff in total of Talcott. And particularly the capital that weve taken out. I remind you weve take a billion out this year and we plan as Beth said to take 500 million out in early 2016. So we understand the risk. Its well managed. Its well contained from our perspective. And as Beth might comment upon, we do really believe in this low interest rate environment. That does depress valuation. So these are all the things that we consider in sort of a transact versus a continued runoff mode. But Beth, what would you add?
Beth Bombara: Yeah, I think, Chris, as always, I think youve captured it very well.
Christopher Swift: Yeah.
Beth Bombara: I think its very consistent with what weve talked about in the past. And we are always open to the consideration of transactions, but at the end of the day, needs to make economic sense for us and where we sit today with the capital that were able to extract. And as Chris said, to manage the risk in that book, we feel very comfortable. But of course, well always be open to other considerations as markets change.
Randy Binner: Great. And then the follow-up there is just on the withdrawals, which in the kind of the 12%, 11% year-over-year basis is good. And I think thats kind of as some of your programs that increase surrenders are winding down. Do you have any plans to kind of continue to push new programs there to continue to accelerate the wind down of those liabilities?
Beth Bombara: Yes, as weve said in the past, well always consider other policyholder type initiatives that could further reduce the exposure and that book of business. Weve been very pleased with those that weve had in the past. As Ive said pretty consistently is our thought process is to really be very targeted as we look at those initiatives. So we dont have one right now in place. There is a team that consistently evaluates those to see if theres something that could be done. But overall when we look at the continued reduction in the contract counts, we feel very good with the activity were seeing.
Randy Binner: And those have been well received, those plans by agents and clients? Theres been no real push back, is right?
Beth Bombara: Yeah, I mean, I think the results speak for themselves and what weve been able to achieve with those programs. Again, weve always said theyre not right for everyone, and thats why policyholders have a choice. But as we said, weve been pleased with the results that weve been able to achieve on both the programs weve had in the variable annuity and the fixed annuity space.
Randy Binner: All right. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Frost with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Scott Frost: Okay, thank you. From the debt side, appreciate the clarity in communicating your debt management goals. Thank you for that. But wanted to talk briefly about your junior sub issues as you may have expected. Its topical in our world. First, with respect to the 8 and 8s and then to the Glenn Meadows, how would you characterize the efficiency of each of these instruments in your capital stack? And I have a brief follow-up.
Beth Bombara: Okay. Thanks for the question. So again, as weve been talking about in the past, we are focused on reducing our overall rating agency adjusted debt to capitalization ratios, also focused on things like coverage rates and so forth. And so we really look at our capital, our debt structure sort of across the spectrum. And today as we sit here, I think that the eight teams do provide us benefit in that we do get equity credit as we look at managing that ratio. And overtime well continue to evaluate the debt stack, keeping all those factors in mind, but no change in our views as to how we think about those.
Scott Frost: Okay. And just specifically for the Glenn Meadows, is it your understanding that this issue will continue to receive favorable capital treatment from NRS or Rose at the float date in 2017?
Beth Bombara: Yes, we do not expect any change in how those would be considered.
Scott Frost: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Jamminder Bhullar with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jamminder Bhullar: Thanks. Hi, Good morning. Most of my questions were answered, but I had one for Doug. Overall I thought the results were pretty strong, but you did have weak premium growth in the non-AARP agency channels. Just wondering what is driving that and what are you doing to turn that around? What your expectations are for that channel?
Douglas Elliot: So that part of the challenge in our personal lines area is not new to the quarter. So we have had pressure in there. We see lots of competition. There are lots of names that continue to compete in that space. Im very encouraged. I like where our team is headed. You know we have made a couple of very important additions in the last ninety day, so I feel good about that, and I think we will be talking more about strategy through the next couple of quarters, particularly in that personal lines area.
Operator: The next question is from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney. Your line is open.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Hartford. It seems like there is a lot of deals going on right now in the marketplace, and I have never seen the Property Casualty world undergo more changes than were seeing today, and the glass half full is just going to create opportunities and as there this is eruption in competitors. The glass half empty perspective would be maybe you need to rethink where you are as far as scale, tax structure, technology, efficiency, etc. Where do you see Hartford in this world, and I am sure youre going to take the glass half full preference, but maybe respond to the negative issues that some might suggest are popping up?
Christopher Swift: Bob, its Chris. I think you outline some good points. We think about it generally as we are entering a very dynamic cycle, and that really every company, including our own, needs to think about competitive advantages. There is really a couple of drivers that we see. One, not all the industry participants have really enjoyed the price increases that we and others have had over the last three years, and pushed so hard to maintain. Generally, lower economic growth and continued low interest rates is really has a compounding effect on companies balance sheets and ability to investment in new technology and capabilities while producing good financial results. Alternative capital is just obviously disrupting some of the reinsurance base and its got the potential to creep into other aspects of the market. And then very important for I think for all of us is that distribution in our agents and broker partners are really going through their own form of industry consolidations, which ultimately means in my judgment that fewer carriers are going to be on panels. And brokers and agent will continue to look for those companies that have the most to offer for their clients. So I think the table stakes are higher to sort of meet the requirements of today. Ultimately as a national company, Bob, with a lot of great strengths, brand reputation, capabilities, new energy and vigor around it. Im very optimistic of our ability to continue to compete and have competitive advantage to drive shareholder value going forward. So its probably not any one of those things. Its probably all of it that were trying to-- Ill call it manage for outcomes that we think are best for our shareholders and ultimately our employees and customers.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thats a very fair answer. Is the pivot to M&A recognition that scale is going to be increasingly important and you need more volume to do the technology spend that you are signaling is necessary?
Christopher Swift: Yeah, I would say in and by itself, scale is not a driver. If you really look at our words and really what weve talked about here is adding new capabilities that we dont have today or areas of the market-- the risk taking market. Wed like to participate more in. Im sorry, I think that is more of an immediate focus, but you make a good point. Scale helps out, too. Obviously from an expense and efficiency side. And if you look at, at least one big deal that happened in New Jersey not too long ago. I mean, and we really think it in terms of it will over a longer period of time be a very compelling transaction that drives down unit costs, has greater tax efficiency, has a greater capital base to potentially take on risk. So those are all the things that were very well off.. But we also know what were focused on and particularly our segments of the market that we think we have great competitive advantage in.
Bob Glasspiegel: Fair answers. Thank you.
Beth Bombara: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. Id like to thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in The Hartford. Also want to note that Beth Bombara will be attending the KBW insurance conference on September 9th and we hope to see you all there. If you have any follow up questions, please dont hesitate to contact either Sean or myself today by phone or email. Thank you and so long.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 16:27:09) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations Christopher Swift - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Doug Elliot - President Beth Bombara - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Brian Meredith - UBS Vincent DeAugustino - KBW Jay Gelb - Barclays John Nadel - Piper Jaffray Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Erik Bass - Citigroup Randy Binner - FBR Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Scott Frost - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sean. Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford's First Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Head of Investor Relations, Sabra Purtill, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Sean. Good morning and welcome, everyone, to The Hartford's first-quarter 2015 financial results webcast. Our news release, investor financial supplement, first-quarter financial results presentation, and Form 10-Q were all filed yesterday afternoon and they are available on our website. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. Just a few notes before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of these risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our presentation today also includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measure, are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and the financial supplement. Ill now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Swift: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Last night, we reported financial results for the first quarter. Our results show that were off to a good start for the year, and that we are managing the increasing challenges in the marketplace. We continued to execute on our strategy and make progress across all of our businesses. Compared to the same period last year, core earnings per share for the first quarter 2015 rose 11%, adjusted for net favorable items in both periods, and book value per share, excluding AOCI, increased 3%. In addition, we delivered a 12 month core earnings ROE of 8.1%. Our operating businesses performed well, despite low interest rates in an increasingly competitive pricing environment. Let me share a few highlights from the quarter. In PMC, our combined ratio of 91.7 is essentially flat compared to prior year when adjusted for CATs, prior-year development, and the New York assessments. This is a good result, given the weather conditions, and Doug will discuss more about each line of business in a few moments. In group benefits, core earnings margin increased eight tenths of a point to 5.9%, with outstanding first quarter sales that increased 67%. These results reflect our focus on pricing and underwriting, as well as superior service and claims handling. Our mutual fund businesses generated 28% growth in sales and more than $500 million in positive net flows in the quarter. In addition, we continued to successfully manage the runoff of Talcott, with a $500 million return of capital during the quarter, and year-over-year declines in variable and fixed annuity contract counts. In addition, we are pleased with the upgrades to our ratings from S&P and Moody's, which we received last week. These upgrades represent a notable milestone for us and earn an affirmation of our improved balance sheet, operating performance, and financial flexibility. As we look ahead, we are committed to expanding our capabilities to support our growth. This includes making investments in our technology platform, where we have a number of significant programs in flight. Two of these programs are currently being deployed and are having a very positive impact on our distribution relationships, and the customer experience. First is our new P&C claim system, which continued its rollout across the country. Our colleagues continue to comment on their vastly improved user experience, and how that translates into improved customer experience. With enhanced data collection, we are improving our ability to assign the right expertise to resolve claimant needs in a timely and supportive manner. Second, is our new consolidated underwriting desktop for middle market. We have modernized our underwriting process with this application, delivering immediate benefits in quote turnaround time and communication with our agents. Over time, this platform is the vehicle by which we will deliver new tools and decision support to all our underwriters, which is an exciting step forward. Im happy about the rollout of these important new technologies and look forward to updating you on our continued progress in the future. One of our strengths at The Hartford is our deep pool of talent. Since our last call, we have made some leadership changes that I wanted to share with you. David Robinson will assume the role of General Counsel when Allan Cresco steps down from the position at the end of May. David has been with us since 2006, and has a broad range of legal and business experiences, including playing a key role in our transformation, and we welcome him to the executive leadership team. I would like to acknowledge and thank Allan for his loyal service to our Company. Few people have played such an influential role in our Company as Allan, who served as General Counsel to three CEOs. And helped us to manage through difficult times and a successful transformation. We thank him for his countless contributions and wish him all the best. We also appointed Ray Sprague as permanent Head of Personal Lines. Ray joined The Hartford in 1985 and has held leadership positions in both strategy and property and casualty, including running our market-leading small commercial business. Personal lines is an important part of our strategy and we remain committed to improving our performance as we go forward. In closing, I want to reiterate that the first quarter was a good start to 2015. I am confident that we are well-positioned to navigate the more competitive market in a continued low interest rate environment. We will maintain our underwriting and pricing discipline, while also investing in our businesses with a goal of increasing ROE and book value per share to drive shareholder value creation. Thank you. Now Ill turn the call over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Our property and casualty and group benefits businesses started 2015 with solid results for the first quarter. Retentions continue to be strong, helping to post modest top-line growth. Loss trend in our major lines of business remain benign and within our pricing targets. And in general, our operating performance was very steady, an outcome we are pleased with. We are locked in our core metrics and performance indicators, as we continue to balance margins and growth amid increasing competition. Were focused on new business risk selection, retention of our best performing accounts, and overall rate adequacy. The marketplace has grown more competitive over the last quarter. Were beginning to find that there are fewer new business opportunities transacting at our target return levels. Were also seeing more pressure on our renewals, as the rate adequacy of our book has clearly improved in recent years. We are going to compete aggressively, however, were not going to chase business outside of our underwriting and profitability parameters. Our intense operating focus over the last several years, as well as the investments weve been making in product, underwriting and technology, position us on a solid foundation to compete effectively under various market dynamics. Ill share a bit more about this as I recap the first quarter performance for our business units. In commercial lines, we delivered core earnings of $234 million with a combined ratio of 95.9. This was an earnings decrease of $30 million from first quarter 2014, largely driven by last year's one-time expense benefit from changes in New York Workers' Compensation Board assessments. Adjusting for this item, our combined ratio improved four tenths of a point. Renewal written pricing in standard commercial lines was 3% for the quarter. This is actually down about half a point from fourth quarter, although both quarters rounded to 3%. Overall pricing is being buoyed somewhat, by increases in commercial auto. In workers' compensation, improved rate adequacy for the industry has resulted in greater competition, especially in middle market, where our renewal written pricing of 1% was down just over 2 points from fourth quarter. In small commercial, workers' compensation renewal written pricing was 2%, declining by just half a point. Our loss trends in workers compensation continued to be favorable, and our returns are within our target range. Catastrophe losses for the first quarter 2015 were very similar to what we experienced a year ago, although storms this year were much heavily concentrated in the north-east than last year's widespread activity. We again saw higher loss activity in commercial lines rather than personal lines, largely attributable to the different geographic concentrations in these businesses. In small commercial, written premium for the quarter grew 5%, with strong policy retention and a slight uptick in new business. The underlying combined ratio, excluding catastrophes and prior-year development, was 89.6, up four tenths of a point versus last year, after adjusting for the New York Assessment benefit. The increase reflects higher expenses as we continue to make investments to improve the customer experience, enhance our products, deploy new technology features, and add local sales representatives. We also saw an increase in agency supplemental compensation costs, driven by improvements in our loss ratio. We remain very pleased with our overall margins in this business and the capabilities were bringing to market. Catastrophes hit our small commercial business a bit harder in this quarter versus last year, largely the result of winter storms here in the north-east, where we have a higher concentration of business. As always, our claims response was outstanding and we will continue to evolve our catastrophe modeling and pricing to keep pace with emerging weather patterns. In middle market, we posted another solid quarter, with an underlying combined ratio of 93.7, improving 1.1 points after adjusting for the New York Assessment benefit in 2014. Much of this gain is coming from margin improvement in workers' compensation, as our pricing and underwriting mix actions earn through the book of business. Written premium growth was 3%, as retentions remain steady and new business production benefited from a higher mix of larger accounts. As I mentioned in my opening, were seeing a slowdown in our new business pipeline for accounts that meet our underwriting profile. Both the selection of new accounts and the renewal of existing accounts is driven by the talent, portfolio management tools, and data analytics weve enhanced in recent years. We will continue to write business when its well priced, and exercise the discipline to walk away when its not. Middle market commercial auto has been an area that has not met our return targets. In particular, our corrective actions have taken longer to gain traction and show the improvements we expected. Price increases in the quarter were in the high single digits, and were continuing to push even harder to achieve a rate adequacy in this line. Within specialty commercial, the underlying combined ratio of 99.1 improved versus prior year, after adjusting for the New York Assessment benefit in 2014. At this combined ratio, the overall business is operating within our target return range, reflecting particularly strong performance in bond and financial products. Favorable prior-year development in financial products contributed to specialty commercials' combined ratio of 94.5. D&O claim trends since the financial crisis have been more favorable than our initial estimates, and we continue to see strong performance in the E&O line. These coverages are becoming an important part of our overall value proposition across all our commercial line business units, and its great to have strong results coming from financial products. National accounts continues to perform well, and were pleased with the overall profile of this business. We feel comfortable with our retentions and new business hit rates in a very competitive market. In personal lines, core earnings were $75 million for the quarter, down from $101 million last year. The underlying combined ratio of 89.9 deteriorated 1.2 points from last year, largely driven by auto, where weve seen a slight uptick in our physical damage severity trends. Total written premium for the quarter grew slightly better than 1%. That included 1% growth in AARP Direct and 23% growth in AARP through agents. Were pleased with the momentum of the AARP offering through independent agents and we continue to balance growth with overall rate adequacy to ensure that were building a strong book of business. On the direct side, were adjusting our advertising campaign, and early test results have been positive. Our focus on member value, with the support and insight of the AARP organization, continues to evolve this program and drive its success. In the non-AARP agency channel, written premium was down 7% versus the first quarter of 2014. This is partly due to the highly competitive comparative rate of dynamics of the channel, and partly due to our own underwriting actions. We continue to see opportunity in this channel to grow our business through highly partnered agents. These actions will better position us to align with our best distributor relationships, and deliver competitive products to their customers. Shifting over to group benefits, core earnings for the first quarter were $52 million, up 16% from 2014, delivering a core earnings margin of 5.9%. We continue to see favorable trends in our group life and disability loss ratios versus prior year, although the rate of improvement has slowed. Looking at the top line, fully insured ongoing premium, excluding association-financial institutions, was up 4% for the quarter. Overall book persistency on our employer group block of business is in the low 90%s, and we continue to achieve our renewal pricing targets. Fully insured ongoing sales were $300 million for the quarter, a strong start to 15, and as I have previously indicated. Approximately 25% of the sales gains are win-backs, customers that left us in recent years, but have now come back. We consistently hear that our service capabilities are a key differentiator and the primary reason clients come back. Were proud of our Hartford team mates who make that value proposition real every day. And were continuing to invest in the tools and technology necessary to meet the needs of our customers. Let me conclude with a few general themes. Across our property and casualty and group benefits businesses, we are well-positioned to compete. Weve made important investments to improve our capabilities, and taken some hard actions to address shortcomings in our portfolio. Notwithstanding this consistent progress in recent years, there are always pockets where we can and will do better. We will continue to dig deep into our business metrics to effectively manage our performance, retain our best customers, and build value. 2015 is showing signs of greater competition and this is the time for our skill and experience to guide our actions for long-term success. We have a much stronger foundation for the journey ahead. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. I am going to briefly cover first quarter results for the other businesses, and then provide an update on the investment portfolio and our capital management activities. Mutual funds core earnings rose 5% in the first quarter, primarily due to an increase in fees from higher average assets under management, excluding Talcott variable annuity funds. As expected, Talcott-related AUM continued to run off, which reduced the segment's total AUM compared with a year ago. Fund performance remained solid this quarter, with 70% of funds outperforming their peers over the last 5 years. Our strong performance track record has helped drive strong mutual fund sales, resulting in net positive flows of $529 million. Talcott posted good results this quarter, with core earnings of $111 million, about $20 million above our expectation because of higher investment returns, including limited partnership returns. We model limited partnership income at a 6% annualized return. Assuming that return, Talcott's quarterly core earnings for the balance of the year would be in the $85 million to $90 million range. As Chris mentioned, Talcott's annuity contract counts continue to decline. Our ISV and ESV programs added slightly to the variable and fixed annuity runoff. And we will continue to look at contract holder initiatives and other programs that can help accelerate the decline in these books of business. Since we put Talcott into runoff, variable and fixed annuity contract counts have dropped by almost one-third, down 32% and 29% respectively, since June 30, 2012. During the quarter, Talcott paid a $500 million dividend to the holding company, which contributed to the decline in statutory surplus to $5.1 billion from $5.6 billion. We generated about $63 million of net statutory surplus this quarter, in line with our prior outlook of $200 million to $300 million of surplus generation for the full year. However, low interest rates could provide downward pressure on that estimate as we approached year end. We do not expect this to impact our current intention to take two dividends of $500 million each from Talcott. One in the second half of 2015 and another one again in early 2016. Corporate segment first quarter 2015 core losses were about flat to the prior year. We expect some reduction in interest expense during 2015 as we repay $280 million of maturing debt during the quarter, and also intend to repay another $167 million of scheduled debt maturities later this year. In addition, we will utilize up to $500 million for additional debt management, including the call of our October 2017 debt maturity we recently announced. Turning to investments, the credit performance of our portfolio remains strong, with a modest $15 million of impairments during the quarter. Our portfolio yield also held up reasonably well this quarter, despite the headwinds from low interest rates, with an annualized yield of 4.1%, excluding limited partnerships. In addition, we had more fixed income make-whole premiums this quarter than normal, which added a few basis points to the all-in yield compared with fourth quarter. New money yields remain low, although within the range we expected for the year, which will continue to put pressure on investment income levels. Limited partnership returns, on the other hand, were well above our outlook, with an annualized return of about 14%, consistent with the prior year, but more than double the 6% average we use for planning purposes. This impacted Talcott's results in particular, as I noted earlier. Our private equity and real estate partnerships drove most of this upside, while our hedge fund investments, which are principally global macro funds, had low single-digit annualized returns consistent with our outlook. To wrap up on our results, we had a good quarter, with consolidated core earnings per diluted share up 11%, excluding net favorable items in both periods, such as catastrophes below budget, prior-year development, and the New York Assessments. In addition, book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, rose 2% from year end 2014, reflecting net growth in shareholders' equity and the accretive impact of the share repurchase program. Growing book value per share is a key financial goal for The Hartford and an important driver of shareholder value creation over time. A second key financial goal is increasing our core ROE. The 12 month core earnings ROE was 8.1%, a good improvement over the prior year, which included the benefit from several net favorable items. While this remains below our cost of capital, we intend to improve the ROE over time with continued core earnings growth and capital management. The 12 month un-levered ROE for our P&C group benefits and mutual funds businesses was 10.6%. Before turning to Q&A, Id like to provide a brief update on our capital management plan. As a reminder, the two-year plan initiated in 2014, was $2.775 billion for share repurchases, and $1.2 billion for debt capital management. That plan remains unchanged and through April 24, we have repurchased approximately $2.1 billion of common equity, totaling 57 million shares, for an average purchase price of $36.93. We have $656 million remaining under the equity program, which we will complete over the balance of the year, including a total of approximately $250 million during the second quarter. Under the debt management program, we repaid maturing debt of $200 million in 2014, $289 million in 2015, and expect to repay $167 million in November, which leaves approximately $500 million for other debt capital management. On Friday, we noted the custodian of our intention to call the 4% notes due in October 2017, which have PAR outstanding of $296 million. Including accrued interest and the make-whole premium, this bond call will use approximately $320 million of the remaining $500 million. We expect to use the balance for other debt management actions. As I previously mentioned, during the second half of 2015, we expect Talcott to dividend $500 million to the holding company, and P&C group benefits and mutual funds to also generate about $700 million of dividends. We have made significant strides in reducing debt and improving our balance sheet and risk profile over the past several years, which contributed to the S&P and Moody's upgrades. We expect our capital management plans to include both equity and debt, as we look for opportunities to redeploy excess capital accretively, both as capital management and investment in our businesses. We will continue to execute the current capital management plan, and during the second half of this year, we will update you on our capital management outlook for the remainder of the year and 2016. To summarize, first quarter results were a good start to the year. Our strategy remains unchanged as we remain focused on growing core earnings in our P&C, group benefits, and mutual fund businesses to offset the runoff of Talcott's core earnings. While competitive conditions may be more challenging, the underlying returns in our businesses have improved significantly compared to several years ago, and we are well-positioned, both financially and competitively, to continue to create shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. As I noted earlier, we have about 30 minutes for Q&A. In order to get through the queue and allow everyone to have time to ask their question, we would request that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up and then re-queue if you have additional questions. Sean, could you please give the Q&A instructions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Couple questions. Is there any way we could quantify, Doug, the technology investments and higher commissions based on business profitability on 1Q results?
Doug Elliot: Mike, we don't share the details to allow you to do that. I would say this, that Chris and I have shared that our technology invest plan over this three year period is a $1 billion-plus plan. Thats putting a little bit more than half of the - about half of the expense pressure, namely inside small commercial, as I called out this morning?
Michael Nannizzi: Right.
Doug Elliot: And as I mentioned, we obviously are seeing a very solid, profitable run through our loss ratio. So were feeling a little expense pressure in our supplementals because weve got a three year trigger for loss ratios with many of our agents and brokers.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. Got it. Okay. So I mean, as that continues, then, we could expect to see - I guess well continue to see the expense pressure from supplementals. And then as you work through your technology spend, then we should probably see that normalize at some point?
Doug Elliot: Yeah, I would say that. And clearly, as we replace 12 with 15 - 15 starts out in a good spot from a loss ratio standpoint. The three year run with 15 will be 13, 14, 15, which will be three good years. 15 clearly is in a better place than 12 would have been. So I think now we get to a normalized level as we approach 15.
Christopher Swift: Mike, I would just add on the expense side, we are harvesting gains today. So you should not think that were not trying to be efficient today and improve our existing processes, particularly as we spend money on new technology, which will continue. We do capitalize some of those investments that will be amortized over a five to seven year period, depending on the project. But we ultimately expect the payback through increased - I'll call it productivity, reduced unit cost and ultimately, faster growth. So thats how Doug and I have been thinking about it.
Michael Nannizzi: On the upgrades this last week, Beth, thinking about those, where do those fall in your expectation? I mean, clearly, youre working towards this type of recognition. Is this earlier than you expected? Earlier affirmation than you expected? And does this change in any way how you're thinking about your capital management plan as you start penciling the second half of the year? Thanks.
Beth Bombara: Thanks, Mike. So obviously we're very pleased with the actions that both S&P and Moody's have taken. Obviously, over the last several years, weve been working with them closely to share with them our plans, and we plan to continue to work for continued improvement. So I don't see it changing our views relative to our capital management plans. Again, its nice to get the recognition for the improvements that we have made.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS, your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Couple questions here for you. Doug, just curious, on the increase that we saw and some of the severity on the personal auto, would you attribute that to kind of industry whats going on? Or is anything - any of that related to maybe some selection issues with the big rapid growth you're getting in the AARP agency business?
Doug Elliot: Were looking at every component of that. And we do feel like there are some things happening here that we need to kind of lean into and we have some work programs around. Were clearly looking at vehicle year and making sure that our new open road product is appropriately pricing those. In the quarter, it looked like our subrogation was a little light. So were leaning into subrogation. And as you understand that, thats something we can catch back up with. So weve got a number of things that were looking at internally, but we understand theres probably been a little bit of physical damage pressure across the industry as well.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then staying on the P&C topic, Ill let you keep going here, Doug. Commercial auto. What exactly are the issues with your book that youre dealing with right now? Seems like some other companies are actually saying theyre finally getting to the right profitability level on commercial auto?
Doug Elliot: Yeah, I would start by saying the pressure were feeling today in commercial auto is very different than some of the programs and captives we had several years back. So those are in our history, and I feel good about the way weve moved away from those programs. This is more organic middle market and to a lesser extent, small pressure just across severity. Were seeing severity trends in those books of business. Were pricing for them. Were looking at vehicle weights against our price per pound. We're looking at driver experience. I would say that were leaning probably a little bit more aggressively into driver experience this year than we had in the past. So were working across that auto book. We're going to get this book performing much better as soon as possible. And I would say right now, were leaving no stone unturned.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino from KBW, your line is open.
Vincent DeAugustino: Just a quick follow-up on a previous question on the auto loss cost side. Just with this hitting the physical damage severity side. Im curious if this is the result of just greater actual damage to vehicles, or if there's any inflation in the repair cost? And the reason I ask here is, if its on the actual damage levels to the vehicles, Im wondering if theres any type of correlation on the bodily injury side, just maybe to a lesser magnitude?
Doug Elliot: Vince, this is Doug again. We are looking at year of vehicle. So obviously, the newer vehicles will have more technology in the bumpers on both sides. So thats something thats got our full attention. We obviously feel great about our claim process, but were going back. As you know, we have a new claim system that is rolling out as we speak. So were looking at the work streams that now revolve around that new system, and looking at similar type and year to make sure were on top of all those trends.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay. So your driver base isn't as sensitive to gas prices, but any notable shifts on the frequency side?
Doug Elliot: A general up-shift, but not dramatically, we've watched this carefully over the last 10 months, 12 months and so not that I think this is inside our patterns relative to loss at the moment.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay. And if I can squeeze another one on just pricing on the workers' comp side. Workers' comp is a generalization of a lot of smaller micro markets and geographies and injury class codes. I'm curious, based on your comment this morning, within those aggregate numbers, if there are any pockets of really favorable or destructive pricing that youve got to watch out for?
Doug Elliot: I think you probably have a great sense of the marketplace. In general, theres been a downward pressure across the filings in workers' comp. So some of the major states are looking at moves in the pricing realm that now are flat to down. I would say, across the middle market, I don't see major swings from the geographic standpoint. I think were competing well, I think the tools are in place; the books are very adequately priced. So the improvements weve made over the last three years, I think do position a bit more competition, which is what were seeing. But were going to keep our discipline, and Im very comfortable that were going to be thoughtful as we play this out.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb from Barclays, your line is open.
Jay Gelb: First, on Talcott, I just want to get a bit of a better understanding why you feel the quarterly run rate of earnings would be $85 million to $95 million, given the strong - or much stronger performance was on the first quarter. Was that just all simply due to excess limited partnership income?
Beth Bombara: Yeah. Thats exactly what drove the out performance for the quarter. So when we look at just normalizing the run rate for investment income, it gets back down within the range that we previously gave.
Jay Gelb: Okay. And then on the capital structure, Beth. I'm looking at page 5 of the supplement. I think this lays it out pretty clearly. Could you remind us where you feel a target range should be for the dollar amount of debt, and also debt to capital? My guess is youre focused on rating agency adjusted debt to capital? If you could remind us your targets there, that would be helpful for modeling purposes.
Beth Bombara: Yes, absolutely. So we do focus on the last line that you see on that schedule, which is the rating agency adjusted debt to capitalization. So ended the quarter at 27.3%. When we look forward to the year and anticipate the debt reduction that I covered in my remarks, all things else being equal, wed expect that 27.3% to be on a slightly under 25%. And we stated all along, our goal has been marching down to the low 20%s.
Jay Gelb: Okay. So even after the Company finishes up its debt reduction for this year, that seems to imply there could be more to come in the years ahead to get that ratio lower?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So as we look forward and we think about capital management actions in the future, debt reduction was something well always consider. As we said in the past, we don't need to get to that target immediately. So we intend to continue to be balanced in how we approach that. But obviously, as you do equity repurchases, that also puts pressure on the ratio. So were really just looking to balance all of that. And I would call it a steady march down to the low 20%s.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel from Piper Jaffray, your line is open.
John Nadel: A question for Doug on the commercial lines side, and maybe its sort of wrapping up a couple of the earlier questions, maybe in one maybe easier fashion for us to understand. I think for 2015 you had targeted a combined ratio ex-CATs in prior year between 89.5 and 91.5. 1Q was definitely a bit above that range, but obviously tough weather. But also on the expense side, it sounds like things are going to be a little bit higher. Can you give us a sense - do you still feel good about that range for 2015? Or could this expense component push you modestly above the upper end of that?
Doug Elliot: John, I would say that we still feel like that range is achievable. A couple of thoughts. One is, I do think the first quarter on the expense side is a tough compare, because of the one-timers that were achieved last year. But were conscious of that, and as Chris said before, were driving efficiencies inside this operation. So although were driving some of the dollars back inside the invest part of our business, we are looking to become a more streamlined efficient company over time. And I do think, obviously, weve got to wait and see how weather plays out second and third quarter. But I look at this as a solid start to the year ,and those targets definitely achievable.
John Nadel: Okay. Thank you. Then separately, maybe a question for Beth on the runoff annuity block. The variable annuity surrender rate remains high, although I guess its coming down modestly, but can't stay in the 20%s forever, I suppose. But the fixed annuity surrender rate this quarter dropped pretty significantly. Was there any specific thing that happened there?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So I will remind you, John, we had a program in place in 2014 that increased that surrender rate, our ISV program. So that obviously impacted those surrender rates that we saw in 14 and then going into 15. And as I said in my remarks, we will continue to look at ways that we can target specific portions of the book, as we have in the past. And obviously, that can make the surrender rates sort of ebb and flow.
John Nadel: Okay. So ex-some sort of modified program, we should expect probably something more in the low to mid single digits on the fixed annuity block?
Beth Bombara: Yes. It does tend to bounce around a bit, too. But I think on average, I would say that that would make sense. But quarter-to-quarter, depending on just where various contracts stand relative to choices that they have to make, you can sometimes see the numbers bounce. But on average, I think thats a good place to be.
John Nadel: Okay. Thanks. And then I'm going to sneak one last one in, unless Sabra wants to beat me up. But as we look forward to an updated capital management outlook in the back half of the year, can you just remind us what the ongoing cash needs of the parent company? How much cash do you want to hold back relative to interest expense and dividend payments, etcetera?
Beth Bombara: Sure. So as weve talked about in the past, when we think about holding company cash and levels that we'd feel comfortable at, we typically target around 1.5 times interest and dividend requirements. And when you look at where we are with interest and dividends, you can think about that as being in like the $650 million range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, your line is open.
Jay Cohen: A couple of questions. First is, Doug, I think you mentioned that you had planned to adjust your ad campaign for the AARP business. What specifically will you be doing, and how do you think that will affect the revenues?
Doug Elliot: What weve done in the ad campaign is, weve adjusted slightly to be a little bit more value-based, tied in with the AARP membership. So as weve made some tweaks over the past 90 days, our response rate has risen positively. And our close rate on those responses also has seen some favorable reactions. So more to come as we work out the rest of 2015, but very encouraged by the early start.
Jay Cohen: Great. And then sticking with personal lines, the agency - non-AARP agency business, you had said its getting pretty competitive with comparative raters. Was there a change in the quarter, or is this just a gradual continuation of what youve seen over the past several years?
Christopher Swift: I would say from the industry side, no change that we can tell. We have made some adjustments in our own strategy, really around classes in vehicles and geographies, just normal tuning that goes on day-to-day. And so the combined actions of competitive pressures on our own actions contributed to the quarter.
Jay Cohen: Got it.
Christopher Swift: Let me just add just a perspective, too, because I called it out, particularly in my prepared remarks, that we are - I mean, personal lines is an important strategy for The Hartford and complementary, obviously, with our strong commercial capabilities. So thats why we appointed one of our seasoned leaders, Ray Sprague, to really lead this and help us continue to improve it, because we have a wonderful 30-plus year relationship with AARP that we want to continue to leverage and serve their customers. Specifically on your ad question, if you haven't seen them, Ill get Sabra sent to send you a clip. But theyre really powerful connections - emotional connections, Doug, I would say. Theyre strong testimonial-based, hearing directly from AARP members themselves and explaining the value proposition that we offer. As opposed to just competing on price and just a minimum, I'll call it, features and capabilities in the products. So we offer a rich product that were proud of from a coverage side. And I think we're going to try to do a better job in explaining why those coverages are needed to insure for the unforeseen. So those are just a couple thoughts I just share with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse, your line is open.
Tom Gallagher: Ill have a question and then Ill turn it over to [Ryan Tunis] for a follow-up P&C question. Beth, just coming back as a follow-up to what John Nadel asked about on the capital management front. So if I understood your answer correctly, that should leave the full, well call it, $500 million dividend that you expect to get out of Talcott in the back half, plus the $700 million of operating dividends or $1.2 billion. It should leave all of that for incremental capital management or other, over and above your existing capital plan. Is that right, or is it some fraction of the $1.2 billion that would not have been accounted for yet?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So the way I would have you think about that, Tom, if you recall, back in February, we provided you with an update on our projections of holding company cash and where we expected the holding company to end the year at. And that was at about $1.8 billion, and that remains unchanged. That took into consideration all the dividends that we just talked about. So when I was answering John's question on the holding company requirements, and if you think about $650 millionish being the annual interest and dividends that the holding company pays, and our target to hold 1.5 times that, I think that gives you a little bit of map as how we think about yearend 15. And then again, as we said, going into 16, we have the additional $500 million dividend that we anticipate taking out of Talcott as well as just our normal dividends that we would take out of the other businesses.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. So that would leave a little under $1 billion, then, if Im solving - in response to that - with that response in mind, it would leave a little under $1 billion in terms of incremental capital management? Is that the right number to think about? And then obviously, its a determination of what do you use for buybacks versus debt management, but is that the right figure?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So Tom, I don't really want to get into a specific number. As we said, we are going to look to update our plans in the second half, once were going to see how the first half of 15 goes and our views of the remainder of 15 going into 16. Theres nothing hidden in the math that Im giving you - so you can draw your own conclusion. But again, when we talk about updating our plans, it would be 15 through 16.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. And Ill turn it over to Ryan on P&C. So I guess my question is 
Doug Elliot: Ryan, let me just follow up on Tom and - I appreciate your reconciliation and trying to pinpoint it. But I think Beth said it well, is that we will get into the second half of 15, go through our regular forward-looking planning process, and see the - and just make some final decisions. I think, from my perspective, I take great comfort in the fact that the agencies have seen the improvements that were making. We are sitting on excess capital that we intend to deploy in accretive ways. Youve heard our penchant to keeping things in balance between debt and equity, so I don't think there is anything really changed. And if you could just continue to be just a little patient with us in that we want to be a regular company, and sort of look at these things in a normal cycle and rhythm, and well communicate our views to you at the appropriate time. But thank you for your interest.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks, Chris.
Tom Gallagher: So yeah, I guess my question on the ongoing businesses, a little bit higher level on personal lines, its for either Ray or Doug. But I guess just looking at auto, 7% renewal rate increases this quarter. Should we expect margin improvement in that business this year, given the magnitude of those rate increases? Or would you say those rate increases are necessary just to keep up, based on some of the elevated physical damage severity you mentioned? Thanks
Doug Elliot: As we start the year, loss trend is certainly eating into our pricing equation. We hope that that will change. We have got a number of work streams to try to bring incremental margin back inside that book. I would remind you that overall, our auto book is in actually pretty reasonable shape. And clearly, on the AARP side, very solid shape. We have some work to do in the agency channel and weve chatted about that in the past. So I hope that we can turn that pricing into a benefit inside the ratio. Thats the goal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bas from Citigroup, your line is open.
Erik Bass: Just wanted to touch on the group benefits business. Obviously, it was a very strong quarter for sales and you cited the benefit from the win-backs. Can you also talk about the contribution from new products? And maybe, also, just discuss the competitive trends that youre seeing in the group benefits market?
Doug Elliot: Ill try to cover a few of those items in the question, which was a good one. Very pleased with the quarter, obviously, a strong sales quarter - our strongest sales quarter in several years. Although I would remind you that weve had quarters like that in the past, when this business was really running well for us back in the late 2000s and even into 2010, so pleased with our start to 2015. You can also see that a bit more success has been on the life side. So as we look at the long-term duration contracts in LTD, strong start, but not as strong, probably, as we had seen on the life contract side, so just something in terms of marketplace. Yes, were excited about the new product development over the past several years, and weve got two new voluntary products in market, including a new disability flex product. We have sold several of those deals. I will also tell you that were looking to populate them with employees of the contracts that weve written them on, but I think off to a good start. They're recognized by many of our policyholders, and I think were going to begin to see that success play out in 2015. So very pleased with our group benefit start.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you. And just any comment on the overall competition? I guess when youve talked about - your comments around competition picking up generally, it seems it was more related to P&C. But anything similar that youre seeing on the group benefits side, or is it still a relatively benign environment?
Doug Elliot: I would say its a relatively consistent environment, so we see competition there. Maybe a bit more on the LTD side than what we had experienced in the past. And again, whats so interesting about the group benefit world is that, particularly in the national accounts, were working six months, nine months in advance. So some of the successes we had in the first quarter were really the result of actions and proposals that went on last summer. But were feeling good about our ability to be successful in the middle market. That will be an increasingly important part of our group benefit strategy. But I do think rational competition really across in a consistent manner.
Christopher Swift: I would just add a couple of themes that Doug explained. One, if you look at sales, the life TI piece is interesting, so shorter duration versus longer duration. Were having a little bit more success, particularly in the lower stream environment. Two, its obviously a heavy national account season, the 1-1. But equally, theres a lot of good contribution that Doug and the team have been focused on in middle market in the small side. So our balance of sales is spread amongst the different segments. And then thirdly, the channel, I would say exchanges are beginning to contribute in a way that we anticipated, but is a positive development, too. So we rely on our existing agents and brokers. But there are a number of exchanges that were participating in that are contributing nicely to our increase in sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner from FBR, your line is open.
Randy Binner: A lot of good stuff, so mostly answered. But I want to actually jump back to the commercial auto discussion, and then some comments in the opening script, that D&O and E&O claim activity has been favorable. So its a reserve question in that the net reserve release in the quarter for commercial lines was relatively flat. And it was relatively flat overall. So the question is was there adverse POID in commercial auto that offset the more favorable D&O and E&O activity, or was there not POID in those items this quarter?
Doug Elliot: I think you can see in the sup that, yes, we had some adverse auto liability actions taken on our reserve position, for sure. Mostly middle market, I might comment. And then the financial product good news essentially did offset that. Just a thought about the financial product, D&O, E&O, book. We were heavier in the financial institution block back during the recessionary period, so we made appropriate reserve position judgments back in that period. We've watched them play out as the last five or six years have played out. This quarter, we came to the decision that we had - it was time to make some of those adjustments. So the netting of those two is whats playing out in our reserve position on the prior, and I think it is well laid out in the sup for you.
Randy Binner: Thank you. And then the follow-up is just on thinking of more recent accident years. So if - especially with D&O and E&O, with the economy continuing to be good and loss cost relatively benign, especially in 12 and 13, theres been a pricing. Is there an early read you have on some of those - the casualty lines written in those more recent accident years and how they may develop?
Christopher Swift: I think its too early for us to comment on that. We have a well-balanced book of business across sector, geography, etcetera. But I think it would be early for me to make a call on 14 or 13.
Randy Binner: All right, fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan, your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar: Many of my questions were actually answered, but on the personal lines side, can you discuss just whats going on in the non-AARP agency channel premiums? They have been down for a while. Is it competition or are you being more selective in what youre choosing to underwrite? And then, Beth had mentioned in her remarks on Talcott surplus being sensitive to interest rates. Maybe if you could quantify or give us some color on just how sensitive it would be to make 20 basis points, 30 basis points, 50 basis points of a change in rates?
Doug Elliot: Ill start and take the first half and then well flip to Beth. I would say that with Ray's leadership - and he and I now have been engaged heavily with the group over the past nine months - its a great chance for us to do a refresh. Weve mentioned that we are rolling out a new auto class plan that always encourages tuning, as these things roll into market. So I would consider what were doing in the marketplace kind of normal for a competitive product adjustment strategy that we will continue to evolve as we move forward. Yes, its a competitive channel, but I think our returns are really in very solid shape. We would like them to be a bit better, but Im satisfied with where we are and I think we will continue to do tuning as we move forward.
Beth Bombara: And Jimmy, on the question on interest rates, I don't have an exact sensitivity that I can give you - a basis point change and what that might mean. What I would tell you is that when we look at the overall book in Talcott, we feel very good about the cash flow generation that we see coming from the VA book. And as we get closer to the end of the year, low rates could just put pressure on that previous range that we gave. But overall, still feel very good about the balance sheet strength and feel very comfortable with the dividend plans that we've put out there. And as we get to the end of 15, we will evaluate surplus levels to determine what, if any, additional dividends we would see in 2016, besides what we have already announced.
Jimmy Bhullar: And just lastly, is there a minimum level of surplus you would want to leave in Talcott, assuming a normal decline in the size of the block?
Beth Bombara: I don't have a specific target in mind. Over time obviously, we focus on RBC ratios. We look at the overall surplus, especially in stress situations and then also balancing liquidity. So again, the plan that we have announced and the dividends that we expect to take out put us well within all of those thresholds that we monitor. And again, as the book gets smaller, we will evaluate absolute surplus levels.
Jimmy Bhullar: And those amounts you are comfortable with, even with rates where they are, right?
Beth Bombara: Yes. The items that we have already disclosed, we feel very comfortable with.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny, your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: I wanted to follow up on Randy's question about the reserves in the recent accident years. Doug, I specifically focused on workers' comp. Obviously, that is your biggest area of reserves. And when I look at the recent accident years, they are reported to incur - the initial reported to incur is so much better than has been historically that I can't draw any other conclusion that you seem to be reserving a lot more conservatively. The only possible exception to that is maybe there has been some meaningful shift in the book, where reports would be coming in later than it used to because of mix or some other underwriting change. Is there anything like that going on? Or should I be encouraged by seeing the early reported to incurred ratios looking so much better than historic?
Doug Elliot: First, I am pleased that you are encouraged. We are encouraged by our book profile over the past few years. Not only on the pricing side, but really very pleased about the mix changes and how they've played out inside our earnings and reserve profile. So I think 2013 and 2014 are still early to call, but we are very pleased as to how they look and we hope they continue to look as solid as they are today. But you know, we call them as we see them. We feel good about progress, but these are long tail lines that take awhile to mature.
Ian Gutterman: Of course I was thinking more how they play out over time than expecting it this year. But that's okay and then just a follow-up on the agency auto business, then, for you and or Chris. Just strategically and I - you obviously talked a lot about some of the changes you are making, but as sort of Jimmy alluded to, that book shrunk for a long time. And again, I am specifically talking about the non-AARP here. Are the actions you are taking enough that you can compete where you need to at the scale you are at? Or are you going to have to face a decision eventually of either you need to get bigger in then non-AARP business or maybe get out of the non-AARP business?
Doug Elliot: Ian, I think you ask very solid questions. As Chris had suggested, we are totally committed to this space. This is been a real solid complement to not only our personal lines agency franchise, but also to the commercial as well. But we have been challenged and we have got to get those hit challenges head on from a financial standpoint. We are doing so as we speak today. I am optimistic about what the next couple years will bring, but I also know that challenge in the channel, based on how competition competes and the comparative rates, etcetera. So I think we will be talking about this as time plays out. And know it has our full attention. And we are on it and we are pulling levers to drive a better financial outcome.
Christopher Swift: Ian, I think Doug said it well. But I think when you think about it also strategically, we still believe in advice that the independent agents provide, provided that we have a good competitive home and auto product. So I think when you speak of auto, don't forget about home in making sure that we have a total solution for our independent agents and our customers. So as Doug said it and he said it well. We are committed to figuring this out and how we can continue to add value in this segment.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Sean, we are coming up the hour, so we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Frost from Bank of America Merrill Lynch your line is open.
Scott Frost: Without getting into any predictions of ratings - credit rating trajectory, can you give us an idea of where you think your targeted metrics map in terms of NRSRO quantitative ratings? And I have a follow-up.
Sabra Purtill: I'm sorry, Scott. The tail end of your question got a little garbled. The metrics relative to --
Scott Frost: Yes. In terms of just the quantitative ratings that NRSROs have out there, you have targeted metrics. Where do you - what do you think they map?
Sabra Purtill: Right, like the 22% to 23%, for instance, on the debt to total capital.
Beth Bombara: Yes. I would say just slightly higher.
Scott Frost: Okay. And can you also remind us a couple things I want to ask about the Glen Meadows and the eight and eight junior subs. What Moody's basket treatment do they get and are they within S&P's equity bucket for you? And how would you characterize the attractiveness of those two instruments in your capital structure?
Beth Bombara: For Moody's , it is 25% and for S&P, 100%. The way I think about it, we looked at our debt stack in total in trying to manage to the targets that I said. So those obviously weigh into that as we look at really focusing on the rating agency adjusted targets. So right now, they fit very nicely. And as we continue to manage the debt stack, we really are looking at it more from the perspective of managing to those targets.
Scott Frost: So are you saying that both of those instruments are attractive to you now?
Beth Bombara: Right now, yes, they are attractive. They do help us achieve the targets that we have. Over time, that could change, but for where we sit today, we do see them as attractive.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Sean. We would like to thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in The Hartford. If anyone has any remaining questions, please feel free to contact Sean or myself by phone or e-mail and we will be happy to help you. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head, Investor Relations Chris Swift - Chief Executive Officer Doug Elliot - President Beth Bombara - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Meredith - UBS Randy Binner - FBR John Nadel - Sterne, Agee Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jay Gelb - Barclays Erik Bass - Citigroup Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Scott Frost - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartfords Fourth Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Tiffany. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to The Hartfords full year 2014 financial results and 2015 outlook webcast and conference call. Our news release, the Investor Financial Supplement and the fourth quarter Financial Results Presentation, which includes our 2015 outlook were all filed yesterday afternoon and are available on our website. At about 8:30 this morning, we posted the slides for todays webcast, which are also available on the Investor Relations section of the website and which will also accompany the webcast today. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. As described on page two of the presentation, todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are also available on our website. Our presentation today also includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the earnings release and financial supplement. Ill now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Swift: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. 2014 was an outstanding year for The Hartford. We continued the execution of our strategy and created value for shareholders. We accelerated the transformation of the company by expanding profit margins and increasing ROEs and P&C and Group Benefits and Mutual Funds. Our selling the Japan Annuity business and reducing risk in Talcott, returning over $2 billion of capital to The Hartford shareholder and executing a seamless leadership transition. I want to thank Liam, the Board, the management team and all our employees for contributing to a great year. Last night, we reported outstanding fourth quarter and full year 2014 results. Full year core earnings increased 9% to $1.55 billion. On a fully diluted per share basis, core earnings grew 16%, reflecting profitable growth and effective capital management. The core ROE increased to 8.4% in 2014, a full 1 point increase over prior year. Core earnings growth was driven by margin expansion in P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds, and solid topline growth in P&C. We achieved an almost 3-point year-over-year improvement in underlying combined ratio in P&C. The Hartfords pricing discipline and investments in new products and capabilities are producing strong results. Strong profitability recovery continued in Group Benefits, with the core earnings margin rising almost a point in 2014 to 5.2%. I'm very pleased with how our businesses are balancing margins and topline growth in this market environment. The Japan sale was another critical accomplishment in 2014. The transaction significantly improved the company's risk profile and enabled us to increase our capital management program. During the year we return more than $2 billion of capital to shareholders in the form of equity repurchases and dividends. We also reduce holding company debt by $200 million. Before we move into 2015s outlook, I want to touch upon an important event that we originally expected in 2014, the Passage of TRIA. The TRIA legislation has been and continues to be critically important to policyholders that rely on the availability of terrorism insurance. We appreciate the efforts of Congress and the administration to enable its passage. Now lets turn to 2015. We expect to generate core earnings between $1.55 billion and $1.65 billion. As Beth will cover in more detail, adjusting for 2014s low catastrophe losses, strong limited partnership returns and prior year development, earnings growth from P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds is expected to more than offset the anticipated decline in Talcott earnings. As Doug will detail, we are striving to expand our margins in 2015, recognizing the pricing and interest rate environment has become more challenging. In P&C, we are optimistic that targeted pricing actions and enhanced capabilities will allow us to drive modest improvements in the underlying combined ratio. In Group Benefits, the core margin is expected to be relatively stable. We foresee continued improvement in disability loss trends, but expect that to be offset by a reversion to more typical life mortality. We expect the key story in Group Benefits to be a topline growth recovery. Recent sales activity suggest The Hartford strength in claim handling and service are making a difference with customers. We are committed to improving The Hartfords ROE and growing book value per share to drive top quartile shareholder returns. As I discussed last quarter, we will focus our activities in four major areas, expanding product and underwriting capabilities, increasing distribution effectiveness, improving the customer experience and operating efficiency, and effectively managing capital, including the ongoing runoff of Talcott. We continue to add new product and underwriting capabilities to meet the needs of a broader range of policyholders. In 2015, we intend to introduce new industry verticals in middle market and to strengthen our underwriting presence in geographies where we have been underrepresented. In Group Benefits, we have expanded our voluntary product suite to include disability flex, critical illness and accident coverages. These products and underwriting initiatives strengthen our relationship with brokers and agents by helping them better serve their clients. In addition, we seek to extend our distribution in 2015. The micro segment of small commercial is best served by a multi-channel distribution strategy. We are aggressively moving in that direction with an AARP endorsed offering and other initiatives that will bring increased complicity and speed to small business owners and our distribution partners. We are also investing in technologies that will improve the customer experience and create operating efficiencies. The early feedback from the rollout of our new P&C claim systems has been very positive. The system promises to improve claims handling, efficiency and consistency, as well as the entire claims experience for the policyholder and the agent. Finally, effective capital management will continue to be -- will be continued to be critical in meeting the companys strategic goals. We plan to take $1.5 billion in dividends from the Talcott legal entities by early 2016, $500 million of which was completed in January, as we begin to appropriately reduce the amount of excess capital in Talcott to reflect its runoff status. This excess capital will provide the company with significant financial flexibility for future capital actions and investments in new capabilities. As I reflect on the past 12 months, it is clear that this has been a pivotal year for The Hartford, with the sale of Japan and the significant improvements in P&C and Group Benefits, the company strategic transformation and restructuring is essentially complete. The Hartford enters 2015 as a strong competitor in each of our markets. We have supplemented existing strengths in underwriting and claims, with enhanced capabilities and product, distribution and service. The company is positioned to create shareholder value going forward on a consistent and sustainable basis. Now I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning. Today Ill cover the 2014 highlights for Commercial Lines, Personal Lines and Group Benefits, and then share some thoughts for 2015. First, let me quickly remind you that I'll be discussing our results under the new Commercial Lines business alignment we disclose several weeks ago. 2014 was another year of strong financial performance across the Board. Our results were achieved through sound risk selection decisions, outstanding execution across our product and field organizations, and our relentless focus on getting right all the small things that go into a market-leading franchise. Before I cover our results, I want to touch on a few broad themes affecting our businesses, both in 2014 and as we look forward to 2015. First, while 2014 accident year catastrophes and P&C were slightly higher than 2013, losses were below our expectations for second year. We will take the good news, but we won't plan for it to continue. We still follow our rigorous process to manager cat exposures over the long-term. Second is net investment income, which trended down for the year and recent movement in treasury yields suggest that we arent likely to see reversal anytime soon, this demand that we stay vigilant on our pricing and actively monitor competitive forces in 2015. Beth will have some additional perspective on our investment portfolio in her comments. Turning to our financial results, in Commercial Lines, we delivered $996 million of core earnings for the full year on an all -- all in combined ratio of 93.4. This was an earnings increase of $169 million from 2013, largely driven by 4.7 points of improvement in the combined ratio. The underlying combined ratio, excluding catastrophes and prior year development was 91.5 for the year, representing 3.6 points of fundamental margin improvement. On the topline, our written premium of $6.4 billion was up 3% from 2013. Excluding the written premium declines in our programs business due to non-renewal actions taken in 2013, growth was 5%. New business momentum was building in the back half of 2013, particularly in small, commercial and middle market and that momentum carried into our 2014 results. On balance, we are extremely pleased with our competitive positioning in the market and our prospects for profitable growth. Let me offer some details on that by looking at each of our commercial business units, starting with small commercial. Our Small Commercial business continues to excel with its unique skills and product distribution and service. Our focus on customers and distributors has propelled us for a very strong market position. Written premium for the year grew 5%, aided by strong retentions. And the underlying combined ratio of 87% was 2.5 points better than 2013. New business was up 7% for the full year. We finished 2014 with three consecutive quarters of double-digit new business growth, driven by the full implementation of our coding application icon and other agency engagement initiatives. We continue to make investments in this business to drive competitive advantage. We are adding new online features for services and we launched the partnership with AARP to extend our small business services to their members. Moving to Middle-Market, Im pleased with our progress. The underlying combined ratio of 94.5% for the full year improved 4.5 points, much of this resulting from margin improvement and workers compensation, the combination of years of underwriting and pricing actions. Written premium growth was 1%, but this now includes our programs business, which was still shedding business in 2013 and 2014. Excluding programs, middle-market written premium growth was 4%, largely driven by our strategy to expand non-workers compensation line and deliver a more balanced book of business. Retentions were solid throughout the year and new business production of $458 million was up for the second year, much of our success in middle-market links directly to improved performance in the field. We have upped our game in underwriting, process effectiveness and agency engagement with new tools, better data and deeper analytics on the frontline. We are strengthening our risk capabilities to be a top partner for our distributors and customers, effectively underwriting and servicing an expanded array of new accounts. Within Specialty Commercial, results held steady with an underlying combined ratio of 100.2% for the full year, up slightly from 99.6 in 2013. National accounts posted another solid year with strong performance on both the top and bottom line. New business tapered off from 2013, which was a particularly active year. Nonetheless, written premiums were up 11% and account retention was in the low 90s. Our financial products business also had a strong year. The team has successfully repositioned this business and I'm confident that by more closely aligning with our middle-market operation, we can build a competitive advantage across Commercial Lines. Shifting over to Personal Lines, we delivered $210 million in core earnings, up 2% from prior year. Adjusting for Catalyst360, which we sold in 2013, core earnings actually grew 12%. The all-in combined ratio was 95.5% for the full year, improving 1.4 points versus 2013. Excluding catastrophes and prior-year development, the underlying combined ratio was 90.6, improving 1.7 points from last year. The improvement was mainly driven by lower marketing and technology related expenses. Written premium grew 4% for the year with continued strong performance from our AARP through agents offering. AARP Direct also posted modest growth from favorable retention and written pricing actions. During 2014, we rolled out our new auto product, Open Road in 32 states, increasing our pricing flexibility and improving our responsiveness to market trends. We also achieved greater efficiency in our AARP Direct acquisition process, improving our cost per conversion by 10%. Now let me pivot to Group Benefits. Core earnings for 2014 increased to $180 million, up 14% from 2013. That results in core earnings margin of 5.2%. We continue to see profit improvement driven by favorable Group Life and disability results. Excluding the effects from terminating and association, financial institutions marketing arrangement, the 2014 group life loss ratio improved 3.4 points due to continued pricing discipline and favorable mortality. Disability trends also remained favorable compared to prior year, with the loss ratio improving 0.5 point. Long-term disability incident rates improved but at a slowing pace versus prior year. And claim recovery rates continued to be strong. Looking at the topline, fully insured ongoing premium excluding association, financial institutions, declined 2% for the full year. Overall, book persistency on our employer group block of business came in at 89% for the year and we've been very pleased with our renewal pricing adequacy. Fully insured ongoing sales excluding association, financial institution was $326 million for the year, down 12%. However, as we sit here today with considerable insight on the first quarter of 2015 activity, we are seeing a strong rebound in new sales. We are encouraged that our recent investments are enabling us to compete more effectively and close more cases. So as we wrap up 2014, we are pleased with our continued financial progress by the growing market strength of each business. Across our enterprise, we are seeing strong and still improving levels of employee engagement and a deep commitment to achieving even greater levels of success as we look to the future. This is what defines The Hartford and why our customers and distribution partners trust us with their most important insurance needs. Before I turn things over to Beth, let me offer a few comments on 2015. We continue to invest heavily in our capabilities as an enterprise, focused on areas of competitive advantage for each business. We've been on this journey for several years, making extensive progress in product development business metrics and easy-to-use technology applications for distributors, customers and employees alike. A great example is our new P&C claims management platform that will be completely rolled out by end of this year. It is already delivering value through improved claim rep performance, better customer experience and process efficiency. And the data analytics supported through the platform will be a source of innovation for years to come. I'm also very encouraged by the initiatives for each of our business units. We are having a strong run in small commercial and we have even greater aspirations. Our formula, based on customer value and innovation continue to separate us from the pack. This year, we will roll out enhancements to spectrum, our business owners package policy, introduce new online services, and investing capabilities to better support distribution partners, as they pursue new marketing strategies and greater efficiencies for these small accounts. Our technology and service operations make us a go-to carrier and our investments will keep us on the leading edge of this market. In Middle-Market, we have a number of new initiatives in play to compete more broadly in the market. First, we are introducing a new underwriting cockpit that improves speed, support and data-driven insights for our team of professionals. Underwriters will be better equipped than ever to smartly compete for business. Second, we will begin deploying additional underwriting resources in targeted regions where we see new business upside. Working closely with our agents and brokers is critical to success and this demands local presence. And the third example of our focus is the build out of additional risk management professionals, specifically in engineering and loss control. We see this skill set is crucial for enabling our progress in new market sectors. These types of investments give us the opportunity to grow our middle-market business, not by competing solely on price but by bringing our strong value proposition to a larger share of the marketplace. Within Specialty Commercial, our major initiative will be leveraging the expertise of our financial products business. We now have a line, the strategy and management of financial products more closely with our Small Commercial and Middle-Market businesses. In addition, we continue to compete in the public D&O market. These teams will partner on product development and automation to create differentiated offering across commercial lines. We expect our overall commercial lines margin to remain generally stable with an underlying combined ratio between $89.5 million and $91.5 million. We will continue to seek improvement from a few pockets of lagging results such as commercial auto where well be aggressive with price increases and underwriting actions. In other well-performing lines, we will manage our pricing strategy to address long-term loss cost trends in individual account performance. We believe that our leadership and small commercial investments in Middle-Market provide the opportunity for profitable growth as we better deploy the capabilities weve developed. In personal lines, we will bring even greater focus to our AARP direct business, with new product analytics and improved marketing test and learn capabilities, were systematically improving response and conversion. Were also continuing to refine our AARP through agents offering resulting in somewhat slower topline growth. We continue to be very excited about the quality of this business and believe that we can develop deeper partnerships with high-quality agents appointed for this program. Excluding catastrophes and prior year development, we expect the underlying combined ratio to be between 89% and 91%, a modest improvement in margins as we continue to focus on rate adequacy. In Group Benefits, we are very pleased to be positioned for topline growth with our book of business performing well. Renewal rates on business in the first quarter 2015 are very strong as is new sales activity. New sales with 1/1/15 effective date are up over 60% versus the year ago. And our win backs cases the last several years ago have now decided to come back to us, continue to be impressive and especially gratifying. Our service in claim capabilities are the reason. We truly have a differentiated experience and were continuing to build on those capabilities. First, as we expand on the voluntary market, were making additional investments in our products and capabilities to provide an even better experience in an increasingly consumer-driven market. Second, were investing in an enhanced producer analytics and increased fuel resources aligned with targeted growth markets. We expect our Group Benefits core earnings margin to be relatively stable between 5 and 5.5 with underwriting performance helping to offset declines in investment income. Overall across all of our businesses, were focused on computing in an aggressive and disciplined manner. We believe that we have an opportunity to grow our business through smart product expansion and deeper local partnerships with our distributors. We have great scales in talents that can be deployed more widely without pushing beyond the boundaries of sound underwriting and risk selection. In summary, were very pleased with our progress in 2014 and excited to extend our reach in 2015. Let me now turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. Im going to briefly cover the other businesses in key 2015 business metrics before turning to the capital outlook for Talcott and the holding company. Mutual Funds core earnings rose 17% in 2014, primarily due to an increase in fees from higher average assets under management, excluding Talcott related funds. As noted on slide 19, long-term fund performance remains solid with 64% of Mutual Funds outperforming their peers over the last five years. For the year, Mutual Fund sales were stable at $15.2 billion as a growth in equity fund sales was offset by reduced fixed income sale. During the year, we exited certain types of funds and transferred some funds to our investment operations, which resulted in negative Mutual Fund net flow of $1.4 billion. Adjusted for these items, net flows were about breakeven for the year. In 2015, we expect modest growth in core earnings as growth in Mutual Funds AUM will be partially offset by the continued runoff of funds included in Talcotts VA product. Talcotts core earnings summarized on slide 20 rose 5% for the year much better than originally expected due to higher limited partnership income and lower contract holder initiative cost. Contract counts continue to decline down year-over-year by 13% for variable annuities and 18% for fixed annuities. There has only been a modest decline in institutional covered life as the majority of the block consists of longer duration structured settlements and pension-related terminal funding liability. In 2015, we expect Talcotts core earnings to decline about 15% to 20% to a range of $340 million to $370 million. Almost half of this decline is due to lower projected limited partnership returns, which were 10% in 2014 versus 6% projected in 2015. Excluding the excess 2014 return in limited partnership income, core earnings are projected to be down around 10% in 2015 consistent with the runoff of the annuity blocks somewhat offset by lower expenses. Turning to the corporate segment on slide 21, 2014 core losses were about flat to the prior year. The 2015 core loss outlook of $235 million to $245 million is slightly better than 2014 due to lower interest expense from plan debt repayments in 2015. During 2015, we expect to spend up to $1 billion for debt management, which will help us move towards our long-term target of debt-to-total cap in the low 20s. Rating agency adjusted debt-to-total cap was 28.4% at December 31, 2014 or 26% pro formas for the projected 2015 repayments. Turning to investments on slide 22. We remain pleased with the credit performance of our portfolio with only $59 million of impairments in 2014, compared with $73 million in 2013. Investment yields, however, remained a challenge due to market conditions. Our portfolio yields have held up reasonably well in the low-interest rate environment, averaging 4.1% this year, excluding limited partnership or down about 10 basis points. Our 2015 outlook which is based on market yield curve projects a modest decline in the portfolio yield due to lower reinvestment rate. Our outlook for annualized P&C only pretax portfolio yield is 3.9%, including limited partnership. Turning to our capital management plan. Through January 30, 2015, we have repurchased approximately $1.9 billion totaling 52 million shares for an average purchase price of $36.46 under the $2.775 billion share repurchase program and we paid $200 million of debt maturities on the $1.2 billion debt management program. Our core earnings outlook includes the impact of the completion of both programs in 2015 although the precise number of repurchased shares will depend on market prices. To summarize, as detailed on slide 24, core earnings in 2014 rose 9% to $1.5 billion which was the high end of the 2014 outlook. Core earnings per diluted share rose 16% to $3.36 due to the increase in core earnings and the impact of the capital management program. The core ROE rose to 8.4%. Book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI at December 31, 2014, rose 4% to $40.71 from year end 2013, largely due to the capital management program. Shareholders equity excluding AOCI declined 6% to $17.8 billion as the contribution of net income was more than offset by share repurchases and dividends. Our consolidated 2015 outlook, which, you can see on slide 25, is for core earnings of $1.55 billion to $1.65 billion, which at the midpoint is 7% above 2014 results once you exclude favorable items in 2014, such as CATs and limited partnership returns both better than outlook as well as unfavorable prior accident year development. On a per share basis, including an estimate of the impact of share repurchases during 2015, our earnings per diluted share would be approximately $3.65 to $3.85. Slide 25 lists several of the key business metrics for 2015, most of which we have already covered. Based on our 2015 outlook, we estimate an increase in core ROE to about 8.7% to 9.2% compared with 8.4% in 2014. As you know, one of our principal financial goals is to increase our ROE. We are frequently asked about our target ROE and how much we can improve ROE each year. As you can see, we have made a lot of progress over the last few years and we expect an additional 30 to 80 basis points of improvement in 2015. Our goal is to generate an ROE above our cost of equity capital, which, based on the current data and market factors, is about 10.6% today. As you can see on slide 26, our P&C, Group Benefits, and Mutual Funds ROEs have been improving nicely. Note that the business ROEs on the slide are unlevered, so we do not include any debt allocation or interest expense. The unlevered P&C, Group Benefits, and Mutual Funds ROE has risen from 10.6% in 2013 to 11.2% in 2014 and we project additional improvement in 2015. These levels exceed our current cost of capital of 8.4%, including debt, indicating that we are creating shareholder value in those businesses. The Talcott ROE, however, is much lower and reduces our consolidated ROE to below our cost of capital. However, as you can see on this slide, our one-year data has declined from almost 2 at the beginning of 2013 to about 1.25 today. The reduction in the size and risk of Talcott is the principal reason that the data has declined and is an important contributor to our progress in reducing our cost of capital. Nevertheless, our data remains higher than other P&C companies, which range from 0.6 to 1.15. We have made a great deal of progress in driving ROE growth and reducing our cost of capital. We're optimistic about continuing to make progress with the goal of generating ROEs above our cost of capital. Now I would like to turn to our capital outlook and specifically our views of excess capital in Talcott. As we have stated, we have been evaluating the appropriate capitalization for Talcott taking into consideration its improved risk profile with the sale of Japan. Our previous standard was to maintain a minimum of at least 325% RBC in a stress scenario. We have now updated that to a 200% minimum RBC in a stress scenario. Of course, in more favorable markets the actual RBC levels will be much higher. Slide 27 displays the allocation of Talcotts $5.6 billion of statutory surplus at December 2014. As you can see, $1.2 billion is allocated to VA, $2.2 billion is allocated to institutional and fixed annuities, and $700 million to other which includes reinsurance credit exposure on divested businesses in our COLI/BOLI book. That leaves $1.5 million of surplus that we consider today to be accessed in the stress scenario, in which we intend to take out of Talcott in stages. Last week, the first dividend of $500 million was paid to the holding company. We expect an additional $500 million in the second half of 2015 and the remaining $500 million in early 2016. Slide 28 shows the capital margin in Talcott under base, stress, and favorable scenarios, the detail of which are in the appendix. All of these scenarios assume we take the $1.5 billion in dividend by early 2016. Assuming the stress scenario occurred in 2015, we estimate remaining capital margin at the end of 2016 of about $400 million, which roughly equates to 240% RBC, comfortably above the 200% level. Slide 29 provides a reconciliation of capital margins in the different scenarios. The VA hedging program helps protect surplus in down markets. In fact, the significant portion of the approximately net $800 million negative impact from VA in the stress scenario results from the reduction of fee income that would result from lower asset levels. Talcotts major source of capital margin impact in the stress scenario comes from institutional and fixed annuities due to investment related impacts and the impact of interest rates. Finally before turning to your questions, I wanted to summarize our holding company cash flow for 2014 and our outlook for 2015. During 2014, the holding company had about $2.9 billion in positive cash flow, including the Japan sales proceeds. During 2015, we expect dividends of about $1.9 billion. I would note that our projection for P&C dividend is lower in 2015. Having accelerated dividends in 2014, we do not have ordinary P&C dividend capacity until the third quarter of 2015. During 2015 we expect to use approximately $2.6 billion for holding company obligations and the capital management plan, resulting in net holding company cash and short-term investments of approximately $1.8 billion at year-end 2015. This is a very strong base that positions us to deploy capital accretively for shareholders in 2016 and beyond. 2014 was an outstanding year for The Hartford with significant improvement in margins in P&C and Group Benefits, continued net flow improvement in Mutual Funds, and a substantial reduction in risk at Talcott. We are focused on growing core earnings in 2015, offsetting the decline in Talcott earnings with growth in the other businesses. In addition, Talcott is generating excess capital allowing us to deploy capital in more accretive ways to drive ROE improvement. We look forward to updating you on our progress in 2015 to grow both ROE and book value per share to drive shareholder value creation. I will now turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for Q&A. And as usual, we would appreciate it if people could limit themselves to one question and a follow-up and then requeue so that others have opportunity to ask the question in the time we have available. Tiffany, could you please give the Q&A instructions
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Thanks. A couple questions here. First, for Doug, just curious with the underlying combined ratio improvement both in personal and commercial, how much of that is going to come from expense initiatives versus loss ratios still improving here given where rates are in line with loss trend?
Doug Elliot: Let met tackle the Personal Lines first and then we will come back to Commercial. We still have very consistent approach in Personal Lines and we will be addressing loss trends through pricing in a very similar manner as we are in 2014. So I look at the strategy in 2015 with Personal Lines is very consistent with 2014. On the Commercial Lines side, obviously an evolving environment, and as we talked to you on this call and shared our numbers last night you know that the fourth quarter was down a little bit on the pricing side versus third quarter. So were being thoughtful about how 2015 will play out. Weve got a number of strategies in different places. But much of our improvement is coming, number one, from the fact that our written prices in 2014 will earn their way into 2015. And I would say that much of the expense work were doing is being invested back inside the platform. So most of the work and most of what you see inside the combined ratio will be pricing and underwriting driven.
Brian Meredith: Okay. And then the second question, just curious on capital management guidance here and you make the comment, the additional $500 million from Talcott, youre expecting to look to use that for debt paid. Im just curious, why that decision particularly given that debt capital is incredibly inexpensive right now? Why would you kind of make the decision to kind of continue to pay down your debt?
Chris Swift: Hey, Brian. Its Chris. Ill ask Beth comment too, but I think what we said along is that this two-year plan is the balanced plan of equity and debt. If you look closely at our language, I mean, we have allocated up to billion dollars of debt prepayment this year, half of that is just maturing debt and the other half is what Ill call, optionality to really look at our debts that continue to drive down. Basically, our debt to cap ratio is as about described. Beth, would you add anything else?
Beth Bombara: Yeah. I just had a couple things. First of all, I think you referred to the $500 million dividend from Talcott being the same thing as the $500 million of debt reduction and they're not related, so I would separate the two. As Chris said, we announced our debt management plan last year and you may recall that in the fourth quarter we had anticipated using up to the $500 million to reduce debt and we decided to take a pause because interest rates had decreased at that time and theyre still low. And so well continue over the course of '15 to look at opportunistically what makes sense for us to use that $500 million in a way that we think is in the most benefit to our shareholders.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR. Your line is open.
Randy Binner: Hey, good morning. Thanks. I wanted to touch on -- Im trying to understand the pace of the runoff and particularly through the trend that were seeing in VA surrenders. So that came in, I think, at 11% in the fourth quarter and trended down throughout the year, but the contract count for VA was down about 13% for the year. And so just trying to think about whats the right way for us to think of how these liabilities runoff, is it more that full year result? Or is it something that could trend down as a single-digit as we look to 2015?
Beth Bombara: Thanks, Randy. Its Beth. So a couple things I would say on that. As you know, we did have some initiatives in 2014, which impacted that VA count coming down, which is why you see the 13%. And as you point out, as we went into the fourth quarter, we did see a reduction. And our estimate for 10% for next year we feel very good about when we look at sort of historical trends and the fact that we don't have a plan in a significant initiative in '15 at this point. So as the year progresses, if we determine that there is something that we would do, wed obviously update you. But we think right now from all that we can see in our analysis that a 10% is as a good place for us to plan for '15.
Randy Binner: Okay. And then this 10% I know initiatives and then on the fixed and institutional blocks, is there any anything initiative-wise or transaction-wise that would make sense there? It seems like maybe the window for transferring those kinds of risks to some institutions is not as open as it was in last couple of years. Any color you can provide on that side?
Beth Bombara: Yeah. So I think about it in two pieces that we have our fixed annuity block. And again, the surrender rate or contract decreases that we highlighted for the year were impacted by some of the initiatives that we had in that block and well continue to look to see if that makes sense to do in the future. As it relates to the institutional block as we discussed before, given where rates are at this time we don't really see a transaction for that book to really be economical for us since wed be basically locking into this very low level. If the interest rate environment changes as we said in the past, well of course look to see if there's something more economical that we could do at that book.
Randy Binner: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne, Agee. Your line is open.
John Nadel: Good morning, everybody. A couple of quick questions for you. So if I think about -- and Beth, Im glad that you sort of commented on the $500 million from Talcott being above what was already embedded in your two-year capital management plan. So if I could get it the question maybe a little bit differently, I think you're targeting in the holding company cash levels by the end of 2015 at around $1.8 billion. I guess my question is whats your target longer-term in terms of how much cash you want to keep at the parent on an ongoing basis?
Beth Bombara: Sure. Thanks. So when we look at the cash at the holding company, we typically start with looking at what our annual expenditure is for covering holding company obligations, so interest in shareholder dividends, which again you can see on our slide is about $600 million for '15. So we typically talk about a target in sort of the 1.5 times range for that and then of course we always want to have I think a little bit of cushion, but thats kind of how we look at that.
John Nadel: Okay. So it's fair to say, you've got a pretty sizable cushion versus that level?
Beth Bombara: Yeah. As I said in my comment, I think ending at $1.8 billion is a very strong position. Again, that doesn't include the $500 million that we anticipate to take out of Talcott in 2016.
John Nadel: Yeah.
Beth Bombara: That positions us very well as we head into '16.
John Nadel: Okay. And then just a bigger picture question, given where rates are and you guys I think are obviously taking that into account in some of your outlook here investment income related and other. But with all the mix shift in the company, particularly the reduction in the risk and size of Talcott? Can you give us an update on how we should think about the longer-term earnings pressure and maybe balance sheet risk from a sustain sort of 2% or sub 2% tenure environment?
Beth Bombara: Yeah. So if you think about the projections that we have for year and maybe what Ill do is, Ill just talk more about our P&C book. If we look at our outlook right now for 15 and if rates sort of remained at current levels and didn't follow the forward curve. For 15 we probably see a very modest impact kind of in the $7 million to $10 million range. Obviously, if they stayed there longer and you go into 16, you start to see a compounding effect of that.
John Nadel: Yeah.
Beth Bombara: I think the counterpoint to that though is what would happen on P&C pricing. So there is, obviously, the NII impact, but then there is also just what does that mean for the broader environment, if we were to remain in a low interest rate environment. But that kind of gives you a sense for the P&C portfolio.
John Nadel: And then related to Talcott or Group, maybe if anything we should be thinking about, I mean, discount rate on the Group disability side or spread pressures within Talcott?
Beth Bombara: Yeah. So, again, if I look at that same measure sort of putting in all in HIG, which would include the Group and Talcott piece. And again, if rates remain flat from kind of where they are now, that $7 million to $10 million impact rises to $16 million-ish. So, again, there is obviously some impact on that. I don't have a breakout between Talcott and Group. And obviously, Group, I would say there again -- there is a pricing dynamic that would also have to be taken into consideration.
John Nadel: Okay. Thats really
Chris Swift: John, its Chris. The only 
John Nadel: Yeah.
Chris Swift: Just to offer from a Group Benefits side, I mean, weve been discounting reserves for 14 and we plan in 15 in the 3.5% range.
John Nadel: Okay.
Chris Swift: So I think our liability structures are already reflecting that lower interest rate environment.
John Nadel: Really helpful. So we are looking at maybe 1% earnings pressure from sustained low rates at least for one year. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Yes. Thank you. Just, I guess, more of a business question. I was interested to hear that you are -- through the AARP relationship going to be selling small commercial business? I am wondering, do you have any sense of what percentage of the Hart members own small businesses, how bigger population are we talking about here?
Doug Elliot: Jay, good morning, its Doug. We are aware that there are more than a million members that have small businesses. These -- I would characterize them largely as micro small businesses Jay, employees, less than five. But there is a sizeable component. I think it will take us time to work at that but we are excited about the opportunity and look forward to partnering with AARP and broader ways going forward.
Jay Cohen: Thats great. My other questions are answered. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jay Gelb: Thank you. First, I just want to clarify on a previous statement from Beth, that $500 million of flexibility to repurchase additional debt? Did you say that could also go into share buybacks?
Beth Bombara: No. I did not say that, what I said was that, we had year marked $500 million and that we would look at through the course of 15 when the appropriate time is for us to use that for our debt management.
Jay Gelb: Okay. The other point I wanted to come back to is, I believe after second quarter there was some outlook with regard to ROE potentials and previously it was low 9% in 2015 and I believe 30 to 50 basis point expansion in both 2016 and 17? So that prior guidance would have gotten you right around 10% in 2016, is that still a reasonable expectation?
Chris Swift: Jay, its Chris, Ill ask Beth also to comment. I think some of those comments you are attributing to me. So I still see and buy them, but I would say that, I think, the headwinds were just a little bit more than six, seven months ago honestly, low rates, P&C pricing cycles gotten a little more challenging as Doug and Ive been saying. So it's not beyond, the realm of possibility, but it is a higher degree of difficulty as we sit here today. And if you really think about it, I -- once we get beyond 15, which again, we -- I think given fairly tight guidance, as far as ROE. I think then we are in that 20 to 40 basis point annual improvement from there. So, Beth, would you add any other color?
Beth Bombara: No. I think you said it very well. As we talked about before, we had -- we did -- we do expect to see in 15 a larger increase than that 20 to 40 that Chris just mentioned, because of the capital management actions that are working in from the sale of Japan, but I think thats our reasonable expectation.
Jay Gelb: Beyond 2015 would you expect the capital management mix to be more weighted towards buybacks as opposed to evenly split in 15 between share repurchase and debt pay down?
Chris Swift: Jay, if you give us a little time, well talk about that in due course. But right now we are focused on, obviously, executing the plan here in 15 and when we get to really developing the 16 plan, well give you views. But we've always said balanced, so balance could mean within a range. But also keep in mind sort of debt-to-equity ratios that we want to keep them balanced too.
Jay Gelb: Makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Erik Bass: Hi. Good morning. Excuse me. And thank you for providing the updated Talcott stat capital breakdown, I guess in addition to the stat capital, do you believe there's a level of redundant reserves at Talcott that could be freed overtime?
Beth Bombara: Yeah. So, obviously, there are reserves that we hold on especially in our institutional and fixed book for things that impact interest rates. And so when you look at our margins in favorable scenarios and baselines, you could expect to see some decline there but nothing that we are expecting sort of in any significant manner in the near term.
Erik Bass: Okay. And could you provide an update on the present value of the expected earnings from Talcott which Id think youd given probably most recently at the end of last year?
Beth Bombara: I think you are talking about our MCV analysis, yes. So again where we stand today with the VA book, we would estimate that the MCV is still very positive and about 1.1 billion at the end of December.
Erik Bass: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Gallagher with Crdit Suisse. Your line is open.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Just -- Beth just a few points of clarification. So the new news we are getting here today on the whole capital management plan is the extra funds coming out of Talcott. And just remind me though the 14 and 15 estimates for buybacks and dividend -- and debt repayment that hasn't changed at all, right. Like so the 14, 15 total capital return plan, is it same as it was but you're taking more money out of Talcott. And so my question really is if I'm right on that what are those funds being used for, is it just more money sitting at the holding company?
Chris Swift: Tom, its, Chris let me start, and then Beth could share. I think you got the fact pattern right. So the only new news here is the -- weve defined the amount of excess capital in Talcott at the end of 2014. And we plan to take that out basically over the next 12 to 14 months. As we really head into the second half of 15, well work on call it what's next related to our capital management program. But I think what we are trying to convey and hopefully you see it, is we will have additional flexibility particularly as the cash comes out of Talcott to think about what is the most accretive use of that capital going forward. But weve really haven't pinpoint it saying exactly, what we are going to do. But that's what we are going to work on and communicate it in the second half of 15.
Beth Bombara: Yeah. And then the only thing I would just add just to be -- perfectly clear is you are correct, we are not making any changes to the plan that we announced in July that we are currently executing on.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay that's
Chris Swift: And just one last point, Tom, do you mind -- and just philosophically, I just want to be crystal clear that there really hasn't been any change in our philosophy, and how we think about excess capital. Youve heard us say it before and we reiterated here. I mean we are going to continue to be balanced with that in equity, paydowns and repurchases. We still think it's a good use of our capital to buy in shares. Well always have an appropriate dividend policy geared towards growing our operating earnings in P&C and Group Benefits. And then weve said repeatedly, I mean, we are investing in our capabilities and investing for growth and expansion as we go forward, really with the eye of creating additional revenue streams that create recurring value for shareholders. So thats how philosophically we were approaching our excess capital.
Thomas Gallagher: That makes sense to me, Christy. I guess my follow-up is simply -- of the $1.5 billion plan dividends out of Talcott, it sounds like youre describing that as the excess capital, that you believe exists in that block. But then it also generates earnings of, I guess roughly $300 million a year. What about the extra $600 million or so of capital that you should get from retained earnings in that block? Should we also expect that, so it would be $2.1 billion all in or is the $1.5 million also contemplate the money that's being earned their?
Beth Bombara: Yeah, Tom. Its Beth. I would think about this way. So again the $1.5 billion, we defined by the valuating the actual tax rate surplus at 12/31/14. And again and showing that we would have adequate resources in a stress. So that $1.5 billion at Dec. 31, 2014, would obviously have taken into consideration any previous earnings that we generated on the book. But you are right as we think about it going forward to the extent a stress doesnt happen, and each year we generate statutory surplus as we evaluate our statutory position at the end of any given year, we could anticipate that there could be upside to that if we generate the earnings. I would say sitting here today and looking at just a lot of the pluses and the minuses that happen with statutory surplus, I would guide you to think about a range of $200 million to $300 million because it does sometimes bounce around a little bit for variety of items. But again that would be the something wed evaluate at the end of 15, because obviously if a stress doesnt happen, you have one more year of earnings, one more year of the book running off and then youd kind of evaluate it from there.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Capital. Your line is open.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Hartford. Life analyst, I shouldnt be dominating. Doug, I got a PC question for you. Commercial auto, you said you are raising rates. That's a source of sort of margin improvement in 2015. Where is the sort of underwriting base that youre operating from a net line and how much are your raising rates?
Doug Elliot: Bob, good morning. Weve been disappointed in our commercial auto performance, primarily in the middle market but also in small commercial as well. This year, back half of the year, our pricing has been in a mid-single to higher single-digit range and I expect that to continue, maybe even strengthen a bit as we move into the early half of 2015, so disappointed. Feel like we have some very strong initiatives, both on the pricing side and also on the underwriting side to address it, looking for progress in 15 for sure. 
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. And, Beth, just a clarification on your answer to John on sensitivity of Talcott to interest rates here. Youve talked a little bit about earnings in general terms but how different of a presentation on capital, which youve been given if the 10-year was 50 basis point higher where it was at the beginning of the year?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So we -- obviously in the scenarios that we show for a stress we are, stressing interest rates in that scenario. And you can see kind of the impact that we see from capital that comes from that. So, I think that as we evaluated the $1.5 billion of access today, I think we appropriately took into consideration additional stress in interest rates.
Bob Glasspiegel: So -- Im sorry. I didnt quip all the stresses. The current environment is stressing it or its 50 basis points from here which stress it?
Beth Bombara: So the stress scenario, as we outlined in the appendix, would have the 10-year at the end of 2016, I believe and like the 1.6 range. So, again, that would have been lower in 15, as you go through 16. I dont know if it was exactly the same sensitivity that you are highlighting but thats how we look at the stress.
Bob Glasspiegel: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: Hi. Thank you. I guess I wanted to clarify a couple things. First on the P&C dividend, if you are setting off ordinary capacity till Q3, what stops you in Q3 from taking a full year's worth of ordinary dividend, why does it have to be much less in earnings?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So the way to think about it is, if you look at the dividend over 14 and 15, we typically take out about $800 million a year. And so what we did in 14 is we just frontloaded on that dividend that we normally would've taken out in 15. So over the two years, we kind of get back to our normal level.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. But P&C start excess capital at the end of 2014, right. So why couldnt they take a full year of earnings in 15?
Beth Bombara: So typically the way we managed the P&C balance sheet and making -- ensuring that we are providing enough capital for the P&C business to continue to invest in its operation. We target annual dividends of $800 million each year.
Ian Gutterman: Right.
Beth Bombara: And so thats again how we looked at it.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And then just quickly on Talcott, sort of the stress scenario. Am I remembering correctly? In the past, I think youve talked about the Holdco cushion being for the stress scenario. Now that Talcott on its own can handle its own stress scenario, do we need to think of any Holdco capital being held for a stress, or is that really held for something other than a Talcott stress?
Beth Bombara: Yes. So as we have said, going all the way back to April of 2013, we see that the capital within the Talcott entity is sufficient to handle a stress. So we are not looking to fund any deficit with holding company cash. And so when we think about the holding company requirements, we tend to focus on the actual obligations for interest and dividend. And then as I said, to have some buffer but obviously much less than what would have been needed in the past.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Frost with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Scott Frost: Hey. Can you hear me, okay?
Chris Swift: Yes, we can.
Doug Elliot: Yeah. We can, Scott.
Scott Frost: Okay. Thank you. Thanks for taking my call. Just to talk about the -- thanks for clarification on the debt management program. This is the same issue announced in mid last year. So, $0.5 billion is potentially available for tenders and over market repurchases that -- just to clarify that's correct, right?
Beth Bombara: Yes. That is correct.
Scott Frost: Okay. Could you tell us how you think about junior sub, also the Glen Meadows in terms of attractiveness to your capital structure? Does it factor into considerations in terms of ratings? Also agencies have talked about improvement, I think in P&C operations is one catalyst. Is that all -- is it your sense that they also are -- have already taken into account this plan to capital management that youve talked about?
Beth Bombara: Yes. I will handle the second part first. So, obviously our plan that we have for capital management we share with rating agencies, so they're very aware of what our intentions are and expectation for this plan. As it relates to other resources that we have like Glen Meadows, we obviously look at that as additional capital, that we would have available to us. And as we get -- go through 15 and in 16, well take a look at what that means for us and how we might use that capital.
Scott Frost: Okay. So just to clarify, I mean, your capital management plan, is it something the agencies would have to see you execute before they would act in your sense? And again with your capital position being the way it is, do you need those capital securities really just attractive from a rate perspective and are you sensitive to serve loss on debt extinguishment or is it more of an interest coverage issue that you're working toward?
Beth Bombara: Its kind of probably a little bit of all of the above of what youve asked.
Scott Frost: Okay.
Beth Bombara: First of all, it relates to rating agencies. We have had a record, a track record now for a couple years of laying out a plan and executing on that. We continue to share with them our expectation and all of that is considered as they look at evaluating the ratings of the various entities. And as it relates to just overall debt management, were very sensitive to balancing all of those needs. So we are looking at reducing our debt-to-capital ratios as Chris and I have talked about. But were also very sensitive to looking at interest coverage and want to make sure that were making the right trade-off there. So part of the reason why we held off of a bit on using that $500 million that we've been talking about is we felt the charge that wed have to take given the current interest rate environment wasnt a good trade-off. So well continue to evaluate that as we move forward and as rate change.
Scott Frost: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Sabra Purtill.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you Tiffany and wed like to thank you all for joining us today and your interest in The Hartford. Please note that Chris and Beth will be at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Insurance Conference in New York City on February 11th at 8 AM. We look forward to seeing you there, hopefully with no snow storm. And in the meantime, please feel free to contact either Sean or myself by phone or e-mail if you have any follow-up questions on our financial results and outlook. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra R. Purtill  Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Christopher J. Swift  Chief Executive Officer Doug Elliot  President Beth Bombara  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jay H. Gelb  Barclays Capital, Inc. Vincent M. DeAugustino  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Brian R. Meredith  UBS Securities LLC Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co. Erik J. Bass  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Broker) John M. Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. Jay A. Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tom G. Gallagher  Credit Suisse Securities LLC Robert Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartfords Third Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra R. Purtill:  Thank you, Tiffany. Good morning and welcome to the Hartfords third quarter financial results webcast. Our result, the Investor Financial Supplement, 10-Q and financial results presentation, which includes our fourth quarter 2014 outlook were all filed yesterday afternoon and are available on our website. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, CEO of the Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following our prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. As described on Page 2 of the financial results presentation, todays call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are also available on our website. Our presentation today also includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the earnings release. Ill now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher J. Swift: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Yesterday afternoon The Hartford reported outstanding third quarter results. Core earnings were $477 million or $1.06 per diluted share, up 25% year-over-year on a per share basis. We delivered earnings growth in every business, and saw the benefits of the capital management program. Catastrophe losses and limited partnership returns were both favorable in the quarter. The third quarter results reflect the progress we are making across the company. Profit margins expanded in every business. In total P&C, the combined ratio, excluding cats and prior-year development improved 2.6 points to 90.2 reflecting our sustained focus on pricing improvements. We are also growing the top line in P&C. In small commercial written premiums were up 7%, fueled by positive pricing and new business premium growth. In both consumer markets and middle market the top line was up 3%, reflecting pricing and disciplined underwriting. Doug and Beth will provide additional detail in insights about the quarter. When I reflect on the numbers, the most important takeaway for me is that the results demonstrate that the Hartford is on the right track. Investments we have made to drive profitable growth have taken hold and we are starting to see the positive results. Looking ahead, our primary objectives are improving return on equity and growing book value per share to drive top-quartile shareholder returns. To do this, you can expect to see continued progress in four major areas. First, expanding product in underwriting capabilities; second, increasing distribution effectiveness; third, improving the customer experience in operating efficiency; and fourth, effective capital management including the ongoing runoff of Talcott. Let me address each of these briefly. Since 2011, we have been expanding the P&C product suite and underwriting tools to diversify our business mix and meet changing customer needs. As you know, the initial focus in P&C Commercial was expanding our property and liability expertise to complement the existing workers compensation capabilities and we are pleased with the progress in these areas. We continue to add new capabilities to allow us to meet more of the insurance needs for broader range of customers. Over the last year, we have updated our commercial auto underwriting tools, addressing changing trends in that market. We also recently signed a new property reinsurance program that enables us to underwrite accounts with up to $500 million of covered property per location. Finally, we remain focused on expanding the voluntary product suite and group benefits, preparing for a more employee centric model as the market adjusted to the new healthcare environment. Employee choice benefits is an expanded group benefits of voluntary offering, which is being rolled out with customized educational materials to help employees to make informed decisions about their benefits. On the distribution side with the ongoing consolidation of the brokers and agent channel, it is more important than ever that we offer intermediaries, products and services that position us as a go-to provider for their customer needs. More than 11,000 agents and brokers are licensed to do business with The Hartford. Our objective is to continue to effectively serve larger brokers and agents by anticipating and meeting the needs of their evolving business models, while also continuing to serve and support the thousands of agents who are the lifeboat of small commercial, and consumer markets businesses. For example, the market leading ICON platform in small commercial helps agents of all sizes to get customer quotes in a timely and efficient manner. In addition, our award winning operation centers effectively handle customer service for many distribution partners, bringing them to spend more of their time on business generation. Our third area of focus is improving the customer experience and increasing operating efficiency. Well, The Hartford has strong capabilities in claims and policyholder servicing. We have the opportunity to significantly improve the back offices efficiency and the customer experience with the previously announced investment commitment to improve our technology infrastructure. The objective is to increase The Hartfords ease of doing business and put the ultimate customer at the center of our activities. One example is the ongoing rollout of a new P&C claim system, which will improve claims efficiency, enhanced by new data and predictive analytic capabilities. We are also working to upgrade digital and customer self service functionality across the P&C operations. These enhanced capabilities will help continue to differentiate The Hartford. Finally, capital management will be a critical element as we redeploy excess capital from two sources, the go forward businesses and Talcott Resolution. With improving fundamentals, the P&C companies are positioned to continue to generate significant amounts of excess capital. In addition with the recent corporate reorganization both the group benefits and the mutual fund companies now represent independent sources of dividends to the holding company. As we have discussed previously, we also intend to return capital to the holding company from Talcott over time both through the generation of statutory earnings and the runoff of the legacy annuity liabilities. In combination, capital generation from the businesses and from Talcott will continue to provide The Hartfords flexibility to pursue a broad range of capital management actions while we invest in new capabilities to drive future profitable growth. In closing, Im confident that The Hartford is on the right track to achieve our goals of the higher ROE and growing book value per share. During the third quarter, we made progress in each of the four areas that I discussed today and we are committed to continue their progress in the quarters and years ahead. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning. We posted an outstanding quarter across our property, casualty, and group benefit businesses. Were very focused on execution in our frontline teams where we worked closely with our distribution partners and make critical risk selection decisions. We believe that our energy here is paying off as we optimize pricing and retention to drive franchise value over the long-term. Let me share some highlights by business beginning with P&C commercial, consumer, and then group benefits. Our results in P&C Commercial remain very consistent with recent quarters. Strong underlying margins were driven by written pricing gains, sound underwriting management, and growth in our target business lines. We feel very good about our performance as the market shows signs of increased price competition. For the quarter, we delivered core earnings of $268 million, up $92 million versus prior year on an all in combined ratio of 90.4. Very low current accident year catastrophe losses in the quarter contributed $26 million to the improvement. The balance of core earnings increased is largely due to improved margins and slightly favorable prior year development. The underlying combined ratio excluding CATs and prior year development was 90.2%, an improvement of 3.1 points versus prior year. These financial results reflect our operating focus and discipline and give us confidence that were making sound strategic and tactical decisions. On the top line total written premium was up 1%, excluding our programs business P&C Commercial grew 4% for the third quarter. We also achieved written pricing gains of 5% for standard commercial outpacing current loss cost trends. While the measurement of writing pricing and loss cost is essential to our business. Our management of profitability is far more sophisticated than these two overall metrics convey. Detailed insights drive our risk decisions, especially as written pricing and loss cost trends are converging. In every book of business, there are cohorts that are performing below targets. These might be defined by geography, industry class or underwriting profile just to name a few. Calling this business and taking corrective action is central to achieving and maintaining target margins. Thats why I always say there is more work to be done whether it is in certain lines of business or specific risk classes we need to remain keenly focused on our operating risk discussions on an account-by-account basis. Lets now take a more in-depth look at the results of our P&C Commercial businesses. Our performance in small commercial demonstrates the ongoing strength and momentum weve developed in this business. The third quarter underlying combined ratio was 85.6, 1.5 points better than 2013. The all-in combine ratio was 86.4. Written premium grew 7% driven by new business premium growth of 11% and policy retention at 84. Both the new business growth rate and the policy retention rate were consistent with trends in the second quarter of this year reinforcing our strong momentum as we had for year-end. As Chris noted, were very excited to see our investments in this business coming together to deliver exceptional financial performance. In addition to our excellent technology and customer service platforms, we have robust analytics running behind the scenes on every facet of this business. We are successfully balancing growth and profit because we know where the business opportunities exists, we understand loss trends at the most granular levels, and were partnering with our agents to manage pricing, appetite and growth. Moving to Middle Market, we continue to make steady progress with an underlying combine ratio of 92 down 3.9 points versus prior year. Renewal written pricing remained ahead of loss cost trends building on our margin improvement from recent years. Im especially pleased to note that our underlying combined ratio in Middle Market workers compensation is down over 8 points for the quarter versus last year. After several years of disciplined pricing and underwriting actions on this book of business, its gratifying to see the combined ratio within our target range. Written premium growth in Middle Market was 3% driven in part by solid results in property and general liability as we continue to have success in building our new business mix. Over the last 12 months, weve made several important changes to strengthen leadership in a number of geographies and to better align our field organization with key distribution partners. These actions help to deliver new business of $112 million, up $5 million from a year ago and consistent with second quarter 2014. We view our Middle Market written pricing trends averaging in the mid single-digit range this quarter as being quite strong given our improved overall profitably since 2012. Commercial auto continues to lead the way for written pricing increases. I expect just to continue as we suspect many others are not at our target combined ratios for this line. Increased bodily injury severity is the primary driver, which we will continue to address through rate increases and underwriting actions. In National Accounts, written premium was down 9% for the quarter, a sizable strength in the growth we posted in recent quarters. The decline is largely attributable to uneven timing of premium flows. When we peel back our operating metrics, we continue to see positive performance indicators within our core earnings. our retention rates remain above 90%. Were writing two new accounts for everyone lost slightly behind our 2013 page, but still very solid. Weve been successful in growing this book of business over the last several years. We like our competitive niche and were confident in our plan for growth and profitability. In Financial Products, we had a solid quarter with written premium up 7%. This growth is coming in our E&O business where weve developed some very strong industry-based solutions. In the E&O, were seeing greater competition in the largest segment and were tightly managing to our pricing standards. Shifting over to consumer, we posted an all-in combined ratio of 91.2. excluding capacities and prior year development, the underlying combined ratio was 89.4, improving 1.7 points from a year ago, largely driven by lower expenses. Cat loss is well below our expectations. Were above our experience in 2013. Last quarter, we shared that weather and fire losses adversely affected both auto and homeowners results. We have not seen any unusual patterns emerge and the third quarter was back in line with our expectations. On the top line, written premium was up 3%, driven by continued success with our AARP through agents offering, where new business was up 11%. Auto and home renewal written pricing increases were 5% and 7% respectively, and we remain focused on improving rate adequacy, particularly in the homeowners line. Our expense ratio decreased this quarter to 23.1, which is essentially flat with the second quarter. We are ramping up spending in the fourth quarter on several technology projects and new business marketing efforts and we anticipate our full-year expense ratio will be approximately 23.7. And finally, let me shift the group benefits, we have core earnings of $38 million, were up 6% from last year. Recall that the third party marketing relationship in our association financial institutions block will be terminated as of year-end, but will still be included in our year-over-year comparisons are based my comments now on results excluding this business. We continue to see profit improvements driven by favorable life and disability results. The life loss ratio was down 2.9 points, due to continued pricing discipline and favorable mortality. Disability trends also remained favorable for prior year with the loss ratio improving 2.2 points that were beginning to see the rate of that improvement decelerate. Long-term disability incident trends continue to be favorable, while claim recoveries were lower than prior year, although still in line with historical norms. Looking at the top line, fully insured ongoing premium declined 2%, compared to prior year. Overall, book persistency on our employer group block of business exceeded 90% year-to-date through September and were very pleased with our renewal pricing adequacy. Fully insured ongoing sales of $57 million for the quarter, was essentially flat with last year. Given the lead times on large account business, we can see that 2015 is shaping up positively. Sales activity has increased and were encouraged that our recent investments, particularly those to enhance our product, service and claim capabilities are resonating with customers. In fact, we will welcome back several large case customers in the first quarter. As Chris noted in his opening, our overall suite of capabilities is allowing us to compete more effectively to win cases and then achieve greater employee participation through effective marketing and enrollment tools. These are positive signs for us. We like everyone else are adapting to the changing benefit landscape and were very pleased with our progress. Let me now wrap up by noting again, this is a very strong quarter for us across P&C and Group Benefits. We remain disciplined, thoughtfully managing our renewals and finding spots to compete aggressively for new business. We have a franchise that is getting stronger every quarter and were focused on bringing shareholder value over the long-term. Now, let me turn the call over to Beth.
Beth Bombara:  Thank you, Doug. Last evening, we reported third quarter core earnings of $477 million, or $1.06 per diluted share. The results reflect improved profitability in our P&C group benefits and mutual funds businesses, as well as favorable catastrophes and prior-year development. The impact of better than budgeted catastrophe losses and favorable prior-year development totaled $68 million after tax or $0.15 per diluted share. In addition to these items, we also benefited from strong limited partnership returns of $100 million before tax for an annualized yield of 14%. Net income for the quarter was $388 million or $0.86 per diluted share, compared with the net income of $293 million or $0.60 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2013. The largest non-core earnings items this quarter was DAC unlock charge of $102 million after tax about equal to last year. This years DAC unlock included a charge of $84 million after tax for annual policy holder assumptions review, reflecting modest changes in last benefit utilization expense and rate assumptions. This quarter do not have any impact from discontinued operations given the sale of our Japan business in the second quarter. However, third quarter 2013 included a loss and discontinued operations of $72 million from the Japan business. P&C Group Benefits and mutual funds generated core earnings of $413 million, up 30% compared with $317 million in the third quarter of 2013, due to improved underwriting margins and P&C including lower catastrophe losses, improved results from group benefits and mutual funds and higher limited partnership income. That covers the results from P&C and Group Benefits, so I will briefly cover the other segments. Mutual funds core earnings rose 22% over the prior year, primarily due to an increase in average retail and return in mutual fund assets under management compared with the third quarter of 2013. Performance remains solid, with 76% of funds outperforming their peers over the last five years. Mutual funds sales remain strong at $3.8 billion and equity fund sales rose 11%. Redemptions continue to decline resulting in positive net close for the third quarter in a row, after adjusting for the liquidation of our target date funds at the second quarter. Excluding that liquidation year-to-date, net close were positive by nearly $400 million. Note that in October, we moved the management of some VA in retirement funds from the mutual fund segment to our investment operations. For reporting purposes this internal move will result in an outflow of approximately $2 billion from annuity mutual funds and about $700 million from retirement mutual funds in the fourth quarter. There will be no significant impact on mutual funds earnings as a result of this move. Talcotts core earnings for the quarter were $122 million, which was above our outlook for several reasons, including lower than expected ESV and ISV program cost and higher investment income including limited partnership income. We continue to see a steady run-off of our U.S. VA business, where contracts have declined more than 13% since September 30, 2013. Fixed annuity contracts decreased by 5% during the quarter and are down 19% since a year ago. Although expenses for the ISV and ESV annuity programs were lower than expected this quarter, the surrender activity for both of these programs was in line with our overall expectations. In the Corporate segment, core losses totaled $58 million, up from $16 million in the third quarter of 2013. Both quarters had favorable items. The third quarter of 2013 include a total of $55 million of benefits related to recoveries for past legal expenses on closed litigation and a favorable settlement on liabilities at the companys former parent. The third quarter of this year included $7 million of legal expense recoveries. Keep in mind that the principal driver of the losses in the corporate segment is interest expense, which we expect to decline in the future because of our debt capital management plan. We intend to repay two 2015 maturities that totaled $456 million and also to spend up to $500 million to call or tender for debt under the current capital management plan. However, with the recent change in market conditions we expect to execute the $500 million call or tender in 2015 rather than by year-end 2014. Our investment portfolio continues to generate solid investment returns with modest impairments. Portfolio yields have held up well despite the low interest rate environment without any material change in our credit risk or portfolio duration. Excluding limited partnerships, the average pre-tax portfolio yield was 4.1%, consistent with the second quarter and down slightly from 4.2% in third quarter 2013. Total investment income increased 3% from the prior year quarter, which is principally due to higher limited partnership income partially offset by the effect of lower asset. The Hartfords book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI at September 30, 2014 was $39.82, up 1% from year-end and 2% from September 30, 2013. The growth in book value per share over the last year was due to the positive impact of net income and share repurchases, partially offset by shareholder dividends. During the third quarter, we used $845 million to repurchase common shares. We repurchased $320 million or 8.9 million shares through open market purchases at an average price of $35.78 per share. Under the accelerated share repurchase program, we began in July we paid $525 million and took delivery of 11.2 million shares during the quarter. This program has not yet been completed. Based on the volume weighted average stock price through September 30, 2014 there were approximately 3.5 million shares yet to be delivered under the ASR. In total, through September 30, we have used about $1.5 million to repurchase common shares under our 2014, 2015 program, which will be little less than $1.3 billion to be repurchased through 2015. As you know, one of our key goal is to drive our core ROE to a level that exceeds our cost of equity capital. For the 12 months ended September 30, 2014, our core earnings ROE rose 8.2%, compared to the 6.4% of September 30, 2013, reflecting the growth in core earnings, as well as the impact of our capital management program. Our cost of equity capital has come down, reflecting our restructuring action. We expected to continue to decline as Talcott runs off and the Companys earnings volatility and risk profile become more in line with our P&C peers. Finally, before turning to your questions let me provide a brief summary of our fourth quarter outlook. Our core earnings outlook for the fourth quarter is in a range of $375 million to $400 million or $0.85 to $0.91 per diluted share assuming about 440 million shares outstanding. This outlook assumes catastrophe losses of about 2.5 points on the combined ratio or $42 million after tax and about $5 million after tax of prior year development for workers compensation accretion. Talcott core earnings are projected at $90 million to $95 million and Group benefits is expected to be in the low to mid 40s, down from $55 million last year, which had included some favorable items. In addition, keep in mind that limited partnership returns were strong in last year, averaging 11% annualized while our outlook for the fourth quarter assumes 6% annualized yield from limited partnership. To wrap up, the third quarter was another quarter of significant progress. P&C and Group Benefits and Mutual Funds results were outstanding and we repurchased a substantial amount of equity under our capital management plan. We are pleased with our progress this year and remain optimistic about the future. We look forward to sharing our 2015 outlook with you in February, when we report fourth quarter financial results. I will now turn the call over to Sabra to begin the Q&A session.
Sabra R. Purtill: Thank you, Beth. Before opening up the call for the Q&A period, I wanted to note upcoming dates for The Hartford. First please note that Chris, Doug, and Beth will be at the Goldman Sachs Insurance Conference in New York City on December 9th and we hope to see many of you there. In addition, as Beth mentioned, we expect to announce our fourth quarter results and our 2015 outlook on February 2nd with a call on the morning of February 3rd. Please note that consistent with the prior years on call on the morning of February 3rd will be a little bit longer than our normal quarterly call and we will note that and hopefully you can plan accordingly. Tiffany, could you please repeat the Q&A instructions at this time?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jay H. Gelb  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two things, first the small commercial property and casualty insurance earned premium growth of 7%. It looks like thats the fastest versus second quarter of 2012. Policy-in-force growth was modestly positive. So Im just trying to get a sense of what contributions were delivering that strong growth, is it more new business or pricing?
Doug Elliot: Jay, good morning, this is Doug. I think its a combination of all, right. So we had steady progress across the pricing front. Our new business numbers that we layout in the sub but were also very strong in the quarter. And the combination that now we have in the entire platform are our ICON platform with all the products in it is being very well received by the marketplace. So were hitting nicely across the board and I expect that moment to continue.
Jay H. Gelb  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then on a separate issue, I believe for Beth. For the Talcott earnings, we understand the guidance for 4Q, I believe previously it might have been either you or Chris did give the expectation for Talcott earnings growth for 2015 in terms of how  what order of magnitude that would decline? And if you could update us there that would be helpful, just so we can square our models.
Beth Bombara: So we I dont believe have given an outlook for 2015 as it relates to GAAP earnings for Talcott. I believe weve talked about in the past is cash free earnings generation in and around that $250 million to $300 million range. As far as the runoff of the block for your models, it suggest that as you look at our surrender rate and you can view that as a proxy as you think about the earnings in that book declining offset by the fact that we have seen market improvement for that has the counter effect of improving the fees that we get on the accepting block.
Jay H. Gelb  Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Okay. Any other insight you can provide there or its a bit of a moving target?
Beth Bombara:  Then I think well provide more insight when we get  in February when we talk about our outlook for 2015.
Jay H. Gelb  Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino with KBW. Your line is open.
Vincent M. DeAugustino  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi, good morning, everyone. Just to start with two comp questions. So one of the things that weve, I guess, heard more often in the industry is, some of your peers trying to put on as much profitable business right now, particularly in small commercial workers comp. And so, the thought process here that were hearing is that your peers want to put on as much profitable business on the small commercial side since its sticky and then from that essentially have a profitable base to work through the next cycle. And so, as we kind of look at your results and see the strong and consistent small commercial underwriting result and profitability and then also seeing your retention coming up, Im curious if you guys are taking a similar approach? And then secondly, were hearing a lot of chatter around the strategy. Does that imply that we really are within workers comp starting to see that markets often?
Doug Elliot: Vince, good morning, this is Doug. A few thoughts for you. One is that were very bullish about what were doing in the marketplace in small commercial in both platforms. And more importantly, results-wise and we share those results with you. So as we think about areas we want to grow this franchise, clearly small commercial is right in the top row of that discussion. Secondly, workers comp is a big product relative to our small commercial offering. Its been a profitable product work for us. It continues to be profitable and I expect that history to move forward in a very good trajectory. So weve got aggressive plan moving forward. Im pleased with the progress in the third quarter, expect that to continue and I think were seen as a market leader in this space.
Vincent M. DeAugustino  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Good call there and just a little bit more granular. So weve also heard that New York and California from the comp side has been particularly challenging. I just wanted to see how the states are performing for you guys since I think they are two of your largest, and then more broadly, how loss trends maybe playing out between mid-market and small commercial within workers comp?
Doug Elliot: Good. So few questions inside your second piece. First, there are some headwinds in a few of the states relative to filings. I would say that those headwinds really are correlated to loss experience that has been improving across the books of business. So, not total surprised. As we look at the performance and the adequacy of our book still feel very, very good about that and well continue and monitor closely and obviously with the workers compensation line, as you suggest, it is a state-by-state march, very geographic centric. Second part of your question, middle versus small. As I commented in my earlier remarks, we are very pleased of our progress on our workers compensation book in the middle, slightly different tenancies, in our small book we tend to be on the micro end of small, but again, we see good signs on the frequency end; very-very low to minus frequency across both our books of business and the severity dynamics both wage and other have been very moderate over these past couple of years, so, to us the all-in loss trends are very much in check.
Vincent M. DeAugustino  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: All right. Good deal. Nice quarter.
Christopher J. Swift: Thanks. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian R. Meredith  UBS Securities LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning, couple of questions here. First, just on the reinsurance program you talked about the new property reinsurance, which related to $500 million per risk. Number one, was that alternative capacity, traditional capacity and then on the top of the reinsurance any other initiatives that you are looking at right now, i.e. internal reinsurance type programs to take advantage of the more competitive reinsurance market? And I have a follow-up.
Christopher J. Swift: Brian, its Chris. Thank you for your question and joining us today. The $500 million per location policy was traditional. Reinsurance they are working with our long time partners. So, we feel good about it, gives us the opportunity to expand our property appetite in an appropriate fashion. I think, as it relates to  across the alternative capital in general, I know there has been a lot of discussions in  I think fundamental review is that  the market in general is just re-thinking how to support, risk taking in general and  but as it relates specifically to our books of business, I think weve talked about it in the past. I mean we feel good about our reinsurance programs, the cost of it and I will call it the more permanent nature of it over longer period, over different cycles. So, we are aware and participate in a lot of discussions and explorations of whats feasible from an alternative capital. But we are not heavy users of reinsurance right now. But we will continue to push ourselves to see if there is something creative  that can help benefit our shareholders.
Brian R. Meredith  UBS Securities LLC: Great and then second question, Doug. Curious, weve seen a drop in gasoline prices, obviously with the big drop in oil prices. Have you guys seen any increase in frequency in the auto line or should we expect maybe that will start to pick-up here as we head into the holiday seasons?
Doug Elliot: Our trends really have not changed much in the last quarter or so. We will certainly watch carefully and that may indeed happen with the holidays upon us, but at the moment I would say pretty much as theyve been.
Brian R. Meredith  UBS Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Doug Elliot: Thank you
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR Capital Market, your line is open.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yes, great. Good morning. Thank you. Id like to follow-up on what Jay Gelb was asking a little bit on Talcott. And so, I think what were hearing is that when we think about capital that can come out or theyre going forward as kind of the corollary to estimating earnings. Is it true that we can take contract count decline and thus AUM decline as a good proxy for the decline in required capital at Talcott? Is that going to be a pretty linear read for us going forward?
Beth Bombara: Randy, its Beth. So, no, I was talking about earnings. When it relates to required capital, as we talked about in the past, a reduction is required. So that capital is not going to be on linear path on as the book runs off. It obviously will decline over time and obviously impacts our views as to excess capital within Talcott, but its not a linear calculation.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. Well, if its not that, what would be our best kind of tool for estimating the draft and required capital? And while Im calling with this, the follow-up would be, I think, the RBC last was 500% there. So if required capital declines, it seems like RBC can be allowed to decline as well. So just trying to get a feel for how you can think about how capital could be freed up there as a result of these good surrender activities youre getting in Talcott?
Beth Bombara: Okay, so a couple of things. First, as it relates to our views around required capital in the Talcott entities and what their needs are, as you know, thats something that we continue to evaluate. RBC is one thing that we do look at as it relates to that. Ill remind you that we focus on RBC requirements in a stress scenario, not just the printed RBC in this environment. But as we talked in the past, we have been working to evaluate what should be their appropriate target going forward, taking into consideration RBC target as well as other things like absolute levels of surplus and liquidity. And our expectation is that we will be sharing with you in February our views around the excess capital that we see in Talcott, as well as what we could see as a reasonable expectation and timetable for extracting that capital over time as the book continues to runoff. So Id ask you to wait until February, because I think well be able to provide you better information then that will help you see how were thinking about the capital generation coming from the Talcott entities.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. Then just one more if I could. I mean, what is the printed RBC? If were not going to change the stress case conversation right now, what is the printed RBCs as off right now in Talcott, as of the third quarter?
Beth Bombara: So as of the third quarter, were at about 500%.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, so 500%. Okay. Thank you 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Erik J. Bass  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Broker): Hi, thank you. If Doug, can you talk a little bit more about the growth outlook for group benefits, which it sounds like youre pretty positive in your prepared remarks, but how much activity are you seeing in the market and how our pricing trends and then maybe also are you starting to see any benefit to premiums from employment growth or higher wages?
Liam E. McGee: Good morning, Erik. Maybe just a few comments and well be back in 90 days to give you the full 2015 layout. We are encouraged by the early look at some of our January 1 activity, which is why I shared the comments that I did. January just the beginning of the first quarter, but weve had some nice success on both the new business front and feel good about our retention of key existing accounts. So lets leave it at that and well be back with a broader look in 2015 in a few months.
Erik J. Bass  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Broker): Got it. I guess are you seeing any benefit though from just on existing business from either higher enrollments or employment growth?
Liam E. McGee: We are working hard on our penetration inside existing accounts for sure. I would say that that work is ongoing. As you know were really right in the throes of enrollment season, so I would had a better sense probably out 45 days and we can share maybe some of that at Goldman Sachs. We are seeing relatively small growth in the employment area, so dont think the numbers of workers in our major cases, it is driving significantly upwards, in general small positive growth.
Erik J. Bass  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Broker): Got it. Thank you and just one more follow-up on Talcott. I guess your fourth quarter guidance is higher than what you had been guiding for the third quarter initially. Is thats just because of lower expenses related to the ESV program or is there anything else driving that?
Beth Bombara: Yes, so its lower expenses for both ESV and ISV. There were two programs and then also as weve seen markets improved a little bit of an uptake because of that as well.
Erik J. Bass  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Broker): Got it. Thank you.
Christopher J. Swift: Erik, its Chris. In addition to what Doug said, I guess what Im particularly pleased with the teams performance there is  Ill share with you more in early 2015, but a number of clients, I would say large ones that we lost maybe three years ago between our replacing and some of our activities. Im going to come back to the form. And I think thats just speaks to one of our reputation, our claim handling capabilities, and just the power of the group benefits franchise, so more to come as Doug said, but Im particularly pleased with our new sales activities and old clients returning back to us.
Erik J. Bass  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Broker): Great, thank you for the additional color.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne, Agee. Your line is open.
John M. Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Hi, good morning everybody and congrats on a very solid quarter. A question for Doug, on the P&C commercial side, so were seeing pricing begin to decline a bit, but its still above your estimated loss cost trends. Im just wondering if there is any change in your outlook. Yes, I know, its maybe a little bit premature, you want to talk about 2015 in a few months, but are you still expecting that you can generate improvement in the accident, your combined ratio moving forward maybe recognizing that some of the non-cat impacts have been probably a little bit below, what you have been pricing for.
Doug Elliot: Yes, good question, tough question and a critical one. We have seen the market become increasingly competitive over the last several months and I comment on that in my script.
John M. Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Yes.
Doug Elliot:
 : So, putting all this in one basket, I continue to describe the overall market place is generally rational. Especially in the sectors, we compete in, which largely or small commercial and middle. And thats important to us in our franchise and I share those results in terms of stability. Its hard for us to predict these competitive dynamics going out, what I cant tell you is that in the fourth quarter we intent to execute much in the way we had these last several quarters, which is were working hard to renew our best performing accounts and driving pricing in terms of those accounts that need improvement. And I think, you know, our history were not afraid to walk away from accounts that we believe, we cant get to price adequacy. So, our price is going to be very consistent, going to watch the market place, were still on top of last trend and I expect that to continue in the fourth quarter and then well talk more as we get out to January about 2015.
John M. Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay, really helpful. And then maybe a question for you to Chris or Beth. Just coming back to Talcott in sort of the historical look at a stress scenario in maintaining that 325% risk-based capital ratio, I know thats not the only metric, but its one that weve talked about pretty consistently now for a couple of years. Given so much change and so much reduction in risk in that segment and I noticed you also mentioned a very high proportion of the remaining variable annuity reserve outside of surrender charge at this point. So potentially, we could see that surrender rate continue to stay very elevated here. Im just wondering whether you have actually finalized yet of you on whether the $325 million stress target income down and if so by how much?
Christopher J. Swift: Hey, John, its Chris.
John M. Nadel Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Hi, Chris.
Christopher J. Swift: Let me just  Ill remind the units  let me just philosophically rate, remind you. I know you know this and others but we really want to run Talcott to be capital self-sufficient particularly in a stress scenario, so that philosophy is unchanged.
John M. Nadel Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Yep.
Christopher J. Swift: Youre referencing the $325 million and all I would tell you is again its best that  well cover more in early 2015, but we know that could come down. So it is going to be different going forward, were working our process with our various constituencies, but particularly our regulators. So I believe well have an acceptable outcome that will talk through in early 2015. Beth, I dont if you would add anything more?
Beth Bombara:  No, I think you said it very well.
John M. Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Yes, thats very helpful, thanks. Look forward to February.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay A. Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Yes, thank you. Ive got two questions, the first is you admission that the underlying portfolio yield in your investment portfolio held up pretty well without taking much more risk and seems to defy gravity given we know about the interest rate environment. Can you just talk about how that occurred and why that occurred?
Christopher J. Swift: Jay, its Chris. I think  if you really look at the numbers this quarter that I think Beth talked to is our reinvestment rate was about 3.6%, the maturity Ill call it securities rolling off this quarter were 3.7%. So I think again our HIMCO professionals continue to look for the right opportunities, I dont think we are stretchy from a risk side. But we do have also had some core capabilities and real estate, mortgage loans Ill call it private placement that offers the opportunity to be very selective and try to get the best yield for the risk of return trade off.
Jay A. Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, thank you. Second question on the commercial business, the expense ratio is kind of last couple of quarters has really been at the higher end and where it has been for the past three years. I think youre making investments in that business. Do you think this is sort of a peak-ish number or could we see that never rise a bit further, as you continue to invest in the business?
Doug Elliot: Jay, good morning, this is Doug. When we think about the expense these were really are balancing two parts of equation, one part is that were investing back inside these business particularly on the technology side, so obviously, thats working against this relative to absolutes here, but we have a number of initiatives inside our businesses where were looking at expense opportunities in general, were harvesting ideas that are going to make us some more efficient, productive, place over time where that is particularly relevant is clearly in the middle market, as you know in the last couple of years, our middle market top line has come down a little bit between 2011 and 2013. And so weve got some experienced pressures there that we are coming aggressive with making adjustments forward. But albeit looking out, Im pretty comfortable with where we are today and very pleased with the trade off were making between invest and overall outcome relative to combined ratio and margins.
Jay A. Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So this is not  it is sort of a peak-ish number. we wouldnt expect that to rise further from here, unless obviously the top line changes noticeably?
Doug Elliot: Certainly, true. correct.
Jay A. Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Gallagher with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Tom G. Gallagher  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Good morning. Just a quick one for Doug and then one for Chris or Beth. So Doug, just I guess given what you mentioned on workers comp, now hitting return hurdles, I presume thats an overall comment and I guess Commercial Auto is the other business where you had beginning rate, any  fair to say the heavy lifting is behind you from a rate standpoint, or any other businesses where you expect to get significant rate?
Doug Elliot: Tom, good morning. I would say that our comp strategy now is fine tuning and working the edges both in middle market and also in small. I did comment that we are still re-underwriting and working aggressively on the pricing front with auto, and thats a comment again, both across middle and small commercial as well. The property, and liability, and our specialty books all have different strategies and I would suggest to you that our pricing mean is probably not as aggressive there as we are approaching the marketplace in auto. So somewhere in the mid single digits three to six range probably for the other lines.
Tom G. Gallagher  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. And just shifting gears to Beth or Chris. so if I look at the initial 2014 and 2015 capital plan was split 80% buybacks and 20% debt reduction. and then if I look at the Japan sale got a bit more conservatives, led 60% buybacks, 40% debt reduction. So my question is, as we think about how would Hartford capital go down in the future, how should we think about that split?
Beth Bombara: So Tom, its Beth. Ill take that. So what weve said in the past is that any capital management actions that we would take in the future will continue to be balanced. Were very mindful looking at what our leverage and coverage ratios are and as weve said our goal is overtime to be in the low 20s and so any actions we take well continue to the balance that. So its not as I can say its an exact percentage. Itll really be based on the amount and looking at overall of those factors as we think about the balance sheet going forward.
Tom G. Gallagher  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: So, Beth, as a follow-up then. Since youre still above low 20s right now, its fair to say that if you had extraordinary capital return actions on Talcott you probably lean more towards the conservative end of it, until you hit the low 20s threshold?
Beth Bombara:  So the low 20s is a target, we havent set necessary a time table for working to when we want to achieve that, well just continue to be balance. So what I would say to you is Id expect there to be a continuation of both, but not necessarily that were trying to be overly conservative.
Tom G. Gallagher  Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  And then, so just one last one if I could sneak it in from a tactical standpoint, why bother with tendering for debt? Why not just sit on the cash, earn some yield, and pay it off as you go? I guess you have some fairly big maturities in 2017. I dont know if thats too long to wait or what the view of tendering versus sitting on the cash and waiting to pay maturities. 
Beth Bombara: So again, our view has been that we do want to reduce the leverage on the balance sheet. When we look at the cost of a tender or call, we obviously take that into consideration to some extent what you pay in the PB calculation on that kind of takes into consideration about that, you wont be paying that interest in the future. So for us its really a way to get us to our targets. And well continue to look for the best way to execute that at the best price.
Tom G. Gallagher  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Capital. Your line is open.
Robert Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: Good morning, Hartford. A question on hedging costs, which I dont think you breakout anymore with Japan, outage come down and clearly your assets are coming down against the dollar is up and interest rates are down. Any guidance just sort of the rough run rate of hedging costs that are below the line? 
Beth Bombara: So, Bob this is Beth. So as it relates to our U.S. VA book in the way that we thought about the spend for both the WB program and the macro program weve really havent changed those targets. I would say the macro program has probably cost us a little bit less. We used to talk about it in $5 million range, a couple  spending a little less than that now, but we really havent changed our views on hedging. But you can see in our results because we still do breakout the VA hedging results that they were very modest for the quarter, which is what wed expect going forward with Japan, no longer in our result.
Robert Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: Im sorry. The $75 million refers to what?
Beth Bombara:  What we refer to is the macro hedge program.
Robert Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: Okay. Thats continuing or thats not continuing?
Beth Bombara: So we are continuing the macro hedge program. Its just that the cost of that program has come down a bit given market conditions.
Robert Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: And thats below the line or is that in core earnings?
Beth Bombara: All of the hedging costs are below the line.
Robert Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. Id turn the conference back over to our presenters.
Sabra R. Purtill:  Thank you, Tiffany, and thank you all for joining us today and your interest in The Hartford. Certainly if you have any follow-up questions about the quarter or other items, please contact either Sean or myself by phone or e-mail and well get back to you as quickly as we can today. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 15:50:13) =====
Executives: Sabra R. Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Liam E. McGee - Executive Chairman, Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee and Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Board of Directors and Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee Douglas G. Elliot - President Beth A. Bombara - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Vincent M. DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Laurel, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford Second Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Sabra Purtill, head of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.
Sabra R. Purtill: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to The Hartford Second Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. We released these results and also filed the investor financial supplement 10-Q and financial results presentation, which includes our third quarter 2014 outlook, yesterday afternoon. All of these documents are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our speakers for today's call include Liam McGee, Chairman of The Hartford; Chris Swift, CFO; Doug Elliott, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. I would note that other members of our executive leadership team are also available for questions during that section of the call. As described on Page 2 of the financial results presentation, today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements, and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are also available on our website. Our presentation today includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the earnings release and financial supplement. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone. It's really good to be with you. You know in my life, I don't have much experience working less than full time. So the last few weeks have been welcome as I've been able to focus on my health. And I do appreciate the many expressions that I received from so many of you. And I'm very pleased to report that I'm feeling much better and stronger. I have also had time to reflect on The Hartford's remarkable turnaround and transformation. The Hartford faced severe challenges when I arrived in 2009, and its future was unclear. Today, with a focus on growing profitable businesses, the company's prospects are bright. Now as you know, while we made many changes over the last 5 years, I believe 3 were critical to our success. And we'll continue to deliver shareholder value. We brought clarity to the company's strategic direction, focusing on businesses where we could compete and win. We have invested and we'll continue to invest in new capabilities for those businesses. The result has been sustained margin expansion, with more expected. We significantly lowered the risk profile of the company to a more reasonable level, most importantly recently, with the sale of Japan. This will reduce the volatility of The Hartford's results and will lower our cost of capital going forward. Finally, we focused on generating and freeing up capital. We retained businesses that could create capital and sold other businesses that were capital-consumptive. We also reduced the size and risk of the Talcott Resolution liability, freeing more capital in the process. As a result, The Hartford now has a very strong balance sheet, with the capital flexibility to take accretive actions to create shareholder value. These 3 steps: reducing risk, narrowing the strategic focus and generating capital, were key to the transformation and position us well for the future. The CEO transition from me to Chris has gone smoothly. Over the last few years, I spent a great deal of time on talent development and succession planning with the Board of Directors, and this thoughtful preparation enabled the board to act quickly and decisively when I decided to step aside as CEO. And I must emphasize that I couldn't be more confident in The Hartford's future with Chris Swift as CEO, Doug Elliot as President, and Beth Bombara as Chief Financial Officer, as well as the entire executive leadership team. Personally, I have fully transitioned to my new role as Executive Chairman and I look forward to supporting this team. Finally, I want to thank you, our investors and analysts. I have valued your support and insight, but if I could be candid, some days more than others, and in the early days of my tenure, your patience with this banker, who as I was reminded was relatively new in the industry. I appreciate your support. I particularly want to thank The Hartford's employees of whom this management team has asked a lot, and they have consistently delivered with great pride and integrity. Without a doubt, the nearly 18,000 teammates are The Hartford's greatest strength. With that, I'm proud to turn the call over to the Chief Executive Officer of The Hartford, Chris Swift. Chris?
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Liam, for your comments. On behalf of the board, the management team and 18,000 Hartford teammates, I want to thank you for all that you've done for our company. Your willingness to make tough decisions, along with your guidance, leadership and passion, drove the successful transformation of The Hartford. You have positioned the company for great success and the leadership team and I are committed to achieving our vision of an exceptional Hartford. Personally, I am deeply appreciative of our partnership over the last 5 years. Thank you, Liam. I'm honored to serve as CEO of this great company, and I am excited about the path we are on. We continue to execute the company strategy, profitably growing the P&C, Group Benefits, the Mutual Fund businesses, reducing the size and risk of the legacy annuity blocks, and transforming The Hartford into a more effective and efficient organization. We have made tremendous progress. Profit margins are expanding in P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds. All the businesses are growing the top line, with the exception of Group Benefits, where margins have recovered strongly and the top line has stabilized. Although prior year A&E development and elevated storm activity impacted The Hartford's second quarter results, the underlying trends in this quarter reflect a positive momentum in the businesses. In the P&C lines, written premiums grew 3%, and the ex-CAT ex-prior year combined ratio improved 0.9 points from the second quarter of 2013. Written premiums in Small Commercial were up 6%, and the underlying combined ratio was 85.4%, an improvement of 2.2 points compared to the second quarter of 2013. Core earnings in Group Benefits and Mutual Funds increased over the prior year quarters. I am confident we will continue to expand margins. Our pricing levels are higher than our loss cost trends in the P&C and benefits businesses. In Middle Market, new property and general liability capabilities are driving profitable growth in selected markets, a dramatic improvement over the past 2 years. In Group Benefits, earnings have sharply rebounded, and we expect the business to produce a sustainable after-tax core margin of around 5.5%. We are rolling out new voluntary offerings, and I expect to see top line growth beginning next year. The Talcott Resolution team has meaningfully reduced the size and risk of the annuity liabilities in the U.S., and of course, in Japan. For the U.S. blocks, we will continue to use targeted initiatives to accelerate the annuity runoff. As we said before, we will consider transactions as a potential tool, but I expect that we will create the most value for shareholders if we manage the runoff of the U.S. block ourselves. With a more focused company, we must operate more effectively and efficiently, while investing in new capabilities. We have done well in our cost neutrality efforts, having eliminated the stranded cost from the Life and Retirement Plans businesses, and we will continue to manage expenses as Talcott shrinks. We also will continue to invest to increase our competitiveness in key markets and improve the quality of our customer experiences. I am confident in The Hartford strategy. I'm also very confident in this management team. With the changes announced Tuesday, the team possesses an outstanding mix of experience and skills, perfectly suited to The Hartford. Doug Elliot has demonstrated he is one of the best P&C operators in the business. As president, his new responsibilities now include all of P&C and Group Benefits, including claims, providing greater accountability and alignment across these businesses. Beth Bombara has been an outstanding leader in both finance and operating roles at The Hartford, most recently in Talcott Resolution. Beth's financial skills and business expertise will be critical factors in this team's success. Bill Bloom is a great addition for The Hartford. He has deep technology and customer service operations experience, but equally important, he knows the insurance business. I'm also excited to have Ray Sprague join my leadership team as leader of Strategy and Business Development. Ray is a seasoned P&C industry veteran, who has done a terrific job in building our industry-leading Small Commercial business. Ray will work closely with me and other senior leaders to accelerate the pace of growth across the enterprise. In addition, Ray will serve as acting head of Consumer Markets to replace Andy Napoli. We appreciate Andy's contributions to the company over the past few years and we wish him great success in his next opportunity. Finally, I'm pleased that Brion Johnson will lead Talcott Resolution in addition to continuing as the Chief Investment Officer. Brion has annuity experience in his background and he's the ideal leader for Talcott, as it continues to reduce the size and risk of the U.S. annuity liabilities. Every member of the team understands the insurance business model, a trust-based business where confidence is earned one day at a time with customers and partners. When that confidence and trust accumulates over time, it develops into a powerful brand and a market leader. This team is determined to win and build an exceptional company. On July 1, we announced the closing of the sale of the Japan annuity business. We went from signing to closing in 60 days, an outstanding accomplishment. Both parties worked diligently to get this done, and I appreciate everyone's effort. The Japan sale is an important milestone. It accelerates the strategic transformation of The Hartford and significantly improves the company's risk profile. The sale also enables us to increase the company's capital management plan for 2014 and 2015 by $1.275 billion. Consistent with our prior programs, the expansion will be balanced between equity and debt repurchase, in this case, about 60% equity and 40% debt. We plan to put most of that additional capital to work by the end of this year. In addition, we have increased the common stock dividend by 20% to $0.18 per quarter, based on the improving earnings power of the P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Fund businesses. With the expansion of the capital plan, the total share repurchase and debt repayment for 2014 and 2015 is nearly $4 billion. Over time, the generation of excess capital from profitable growth in the businesses and the runoff of U.S. annuity block and the use of that capital in accretive ways, will be critical to driving ROE improvement and increasing book value per share. In closing, I am thrilled to take on this new role. I am very confident in the future of this company. The ingredients for success are here. And I am proud of all that this team has accomplished, and we are relentlessly executing on The Hartford's strategic plan with a focus on creating shareholder value. Now I will turn the call over to The Hartford's President, Doug Elliot. Doug?
Douglas G. Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Before I review the financial results for Commercial and Consumer markets, a few comments on our new team. I'm excited about working more closely with our Consumer Markets group. We have an excellent team and a terrific brand in the consumer space and I'm looking forward to being their partner. I'm also excited about Bill Bloom joining our team. Bill and I have worked together in the past. The leadership and expertise he brings to our organization will be invaluable for our journey ahead, and an excellent fit with the strong technology and operations team that we already have in place. Likewise, I'm very pleased about Ray Sprague's broadened responsibilities across the enterprise. He's a proven leader with deep insurance experience that we will leverage to further expand our franchise. And lastly, we are very fortunate to have Stephanie Bush ready to step into the role as head of Small Commercial. Stephanie has a long and successful track record in P&C Commercial here at The Hartford, and has ideally prepared to take this business to new levels of growth and performance. Now let me get into our results. I'll cover P&C Commercial first, move on to consumer, and conclude with Group Benefit. We had a very solid second quarter in P&C Commercial. Across our business units, we posted quality earnings and delivered strong top line results, even as the market shows signs of growing competitive pressure. Overall, I remained pleased with our execution and confident in our ability to navigate changing market conditions. For the quarter, we delivered core earnings of $213 million on an all-in combined ratio of 94.2. Compared to the second quarter of 2013, this is an increase of $15 million in core earnings, and an improvement of 4.2 points on the combined ratio. Underwriting gains were up $66 million in the quarter versus last year, offset by a decrease in net investment income. Current accident year CATs were relatively modest for the second quarter of 2014 and $9 million less than the quarter 1 year ago. The underlying combined ratio, excluding catastrophes and prior development was 91.1 for the second quarter of 2014, an improvement of 2 points versus prior year, reflecting our strong execution across all business units. Turning to the top line, our total written premium was up 2%. Excluding the decline in our programs business of $28 million, which is a result of our re-underwriting actions, P&C Commercial grew 5% for the second quarter. We also continued to drive written pricing gains, achieving a 6% increase for Standard Commercial. We are watching our pricing trends very closely, given growing competitive pressure and diligently executing our pricing segmentation methodologies. Importantly, pricing continued to outpace loss cost trends. Let me now drill down in each of our P&C Commercial businesses. We had another excellent quarter in Small Commercial, with an all-in combined ratio of 89.3. Last quarter, I noted that our top line momentum was building. Those trends continued this quarter, with policy retention improving to 84% and new business of $140 million for the quarter, up 12% over prior year. Equally impressive, our underlying combined ratio of 85.4 improved 2.2 points versus second quarter 2013. Our Small Commercial team is driving top line, written pricing gains and superior underwriting results. We could not be more pleased with our path forward. Moving to Middle Market. I continue to be encouraged by our steady progress here, posting an underlying combined ratio of 95.1. Although this is essentially flat versus prior year, we are executing well in critical priorities. Renewal written pricing at 6% remained ahead of loss cost trends, and our underlying combined ratio in Middle Market worker's compensation is down nearly 5 points for the quarter versus last year. Offsetting these results was an increase in our property losses. We see nothing specific beyond these losses other than the normal volatility associated with the property line. Over the last several years, our team has done a great job of balancing our worker's compensation book with more writings in property and general liability. In fact, we're very excited to have just locked in a new property per risk reinsurance treaty that provides CAT capacity up to $500 million. This is a very important line of business in our strategy, and we expect to thoughtfully continue our property expansion. Commercial auto has been a more challenging line across the industry, including us as well. Our Middle Market written pricing in this line is in the high single-digits, as we continue to address loss cost trends. Our retentions have remained quite strong, despite the rate increases, indicating to us that the overall market is also raising rates. Middle Market premium was up 3% in the quarter, primarily driven by improved retention. New business of $112 million was down slightly from last year, with a well-balanced product mix. Pricing and underwriting actions remained disciplined and the rate adequacy of our Middle Market book is significantly improved from prior years. Turning to Specialty Commercial. National accounts delivered another strong quarter of written premium growth, up 7% versus last year. We continue to believe that available new business in the market is down slightly from 2013, but we're still seeing opportunities to write new accounts. Our retention rates continue to exceed 90%. The repositioning of our programs business remains on track as is progress in our Financial Products business as well. Shifting over to consumer. We experienced elevated property losses in the second quarter, posting an all-in combined ratio of 106.3. Excluding CATs in prior year development, the underlying combined ratio was 89.6, up 0.7 points from a year ago. Like others in the industry, weather adversely affected both auto and homeowners results on a CAT and ex-CAT basis. The largest CAT event in the quarter was a string of May hailstorms that crossed 11 states from Montana to South Carolina, accounting for nearly 1/3 of our CAT losses. Outside of CATs and weather, we experienced higher fire losses in the quarter versus last year, contributing 4 points to the underlying homeowners combined ratio. At this point, we don't see an unusual pattern developing with respect to fire losses, other than the usual volatility associated with this peril. Top line momentum continued with 4% written premium growth, driven in part by auto new business production, particularly strong in both agency channels. Premium retention was flat for auto and homeowners and a solid result given continued written pricing gains of 5 and 8 points, respectively. Perhaps most noteworthy was our auto PIF growth of 1% in the quarter, a direct result of more precise pricing segmentation and service delivery improvements. Our expense ratio decreased this quarter to 23.2. This is due to the timing of technology and marketing spend, which is weighted more to the back half of the year. We expect our full year expense ratio to be comparable to the 23.8 we reported in the first quarter. Now let's move to Group Benefits. This was another strong quarter for Group Benefits with core earnings of $52 million, up 41% from last year. Profit improvement this quarter is driven largely by the life and AD&D lines, where we benefited from favorable life mortality. Disability trends were slightly elevated in the quarter yet remain favorable year-to-date through June. For the quarter, long-term disability incident trends continue to be favorable, offset by lower recoveries versus a year ago, resulting in a slightly higher disability loss ratio. We continue to see favorable effects of our underwriting, pricing and claims management initiatives reflected in the achieved margin improvement across our employer group life and disability block. The rate of improvement has been significant in recent years, and we will remain disciplined with these operating leverage. Looking at the top line. Fully insured ongoing premium declined 7% compared to prior year. As we've noted previously, the decrease is primarily attributed to our exit of an agreement with a third-party targeting sales through financial institutions. Excluding the premium from this arrangement, our top line is down about 1% to prior year. Overall book persistency on our group life and disability business exceeded 90% through June, which is up over 10 points from 2013. We are very pleased with our renewal block and the overall persistency rebound versus 2012 and 2013. Industry data indicates that new sales are trending down slightly. Our sense is that in early 2014, large case customers have taken a tempered approach to moving their business, particularly as they sort through the dynamics of the Affordable Care Act and the trend to our more employee-direct benefit options. We believe this may have been a factor in our own strong book persistency, and contributed to our lower quarter-over-quarter fully insured ongoing sales of $45 million. We continue to actively quote business and we believe that we're competing effectively for new accounts, leveraging our expanding service and claim capabilities. In closing, this is a solid quarter for us across P&C and Group Benefits. While P&C Commercial competition continues to grow, I would still characterize the environment as rational. Our aggressive and disciplined actions in Standard Commercial over the last 3 years have us in strong position to compete moving forward. And we continue to make the people and technology investments that will be necessary to succeed in the years ahead. Now let me turn the call over to Beth Bombara.
Beth A. Bombara: Thank you, Doug. Last evening, we reported second quarter core earnings of $144 million or $0.31 per diluted share. Second quarter results included $178 million after tax or $0.38 per diluted share of unfavorable items. The largest item was $164 million after tax of A&E unfavorable prior year development, consisting of $146 million for the annual asbestos reserve study and $18 million for environmental. Aside from these 2 annual studies, unfavorable prior year development was not material, totaling $10 million before tax, of which $7 million was for accretion of discount on worker's compensation reserves. During the quarter, current year catastrophes totaled $127 million after tax, slightly above our outlook. There were 13 named catastrophes with winds and hail being the highest cost perils this quarter. The net loss for the quarter was $467 million or $1 per diluted share compared with the net loss of $190 million or $0.39 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2013. The largest contributor to the net loss for the quarter was the loss in discontinued operations due to the Japan annuity sale, which totaled $617 million after tax. P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds generated core earnings of $113 million, down from $197 million in second quarter 2013, primarily due to the A&E prior year development. As you know, we complete the annual asbestos and environmental studies in the second quarter. Environmental reserve development totaled $27 million before tax in part due to increased cleanup cost on a few water waste sites. The $212 million before tax increase in the asbestos reserve primarily arises from a small number of insured. For those insured, a higher-than-expected frequency and severity of mesothelioma claims drove the reserve increase. We continue to proactively pursue legislative and legal remedies to manage these claim cost, including transparency around the various asbestos bankruptcy trusts. Mutual Funds core earnings rose 5% over the prior year, due to higher fees resulting from increased assets under management. Performance remains solid with 76% of funds outperforming their peers over the last 5 years. We continued to see sales momentum, up 5% in total, and up 38% of our equity funds, while redemptions also declined. However, net flows were slightly negative due to our previously announced decision to liquidate target date funds, which had $709 million in assets under management. Excluding that liquidation, net flows were positive by about $300 million. Talcott's core earnings for the quarter were $101 million, which was above our outlook, principally due to higher investment income, including limited partnerships. The risk of our U.S. VA book continued to decline. With U.S. equity markets up 5% in the quarter, 95% of the GMWB contracts are out of the money. We continue to pursue various policyholder programs to reduce the size and risk of the Talcott books of business. In addition to the ISV program for U.S. retail fixed annuities that was launched in the first quarter, during the second quarter, we rolled out a second Enhanced Surrender Value program for certain of our lifetime benefit contracts. With the impact of these programs and surrender activity, fixed annuity accounts decreased by 7% and variable annuity contracts decreased by 3% during the quarter. Turning to investment income. The general account is producing solid investment returns with modest impairment. We have a highly diversified portfolio with investments in a broad array of asset classes. Our overall credit risk profile is not materially different from a year ago. Yields have held up relatively well despite the low interest rate environment, without increasing credit risk or portfolio duration. The decline in total investment income from the prior year quarter was principally due to lower assets as a result of the runoff of Talcott and lower limited partnership income. Excluding limited partnership return, the annualized portfolio yield in the quarter was 4.1%, down approximately 10 basis points from a year ago. Low interest rates and tight credit spreads remain a challenge. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to enhance returns by leveraging our investment capabilities without compromising portfolio quality. For instance, in the second quarter, we achieved a reinvestment rate of 3.8%, aided by attractive opportunities in private placement securities and commercial mortgage loans, where we could maintain credit quality in yield by capturing liquidity premium. The Hartford's book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI at June 30, 2014, was $39.21, down slightly from year end, but up 2% from June 30, 2013. The growth in book value per share over the last year was due to the positive impact of net income and share repurchases over the last 12 months, which were partially offset by shareholder dividends. During the second quarter, we repurchased 10.2 million common shares for $351 million at an average price of $34.53 per share. For the 12 months ended June 30, 2014, our core earnings ROE was 7.8% compared with 6.1% at June 30, 2013. I would like to point out that core earnings ROEs for all periods presented have been recast to reflect Japan earnings as a discontinued operation, which has the effect of reducing our core earnings ROEs. Looking forward, we would expect our full year 2015 core ROE to improve to the low 9% level, after giving effect to the full execution of our capital management plans, as well as continued profitable growth in P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds. On July 1, we announced the closing of the sale of the Japan annuity business for cash proceeds of $963 million. As a result of the additional financial flexibility and risk reduction provided by this sale, our capital management plan for 2014 and 2015 has been increased by $1.275 billion to a total of almost $4 billion. And in addition, we increased our common dividend by 20%. The combination of the capital benefit from the sale, improved cash flow generation from Talcott, and strong earnings power from P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds, enables us to execute this plan and will contribute to future ROE improvement. The $1.275 billion increase is comprised of 2 pieces. First, a $775 million increase in equity repurchases, including a $525 million accelerated share repurchase plan or ASR, that was executed yesterday and will be completed by year end. Second, we allocated $500 million for additional debt reduction, including associated premiums and transaction expenses, which also will be completed this year. With the expansion of the share repurchase plan, beyond the portion being used for the ASR, we expect that equity repurchases will be about $300 million a quarter. Actual repurchases will, of course, depend on market conditions and other factors that may impact market access and timing. In the third quarter through July 29, we have purchased approximately 3.9 million shares for $140 million. Yesterday, we also declared a quarterly dividend of $0.18 per common share, up 20% from the $0.15 that we began paying in mid-2013, and the third increase in 3 years. Before turning to your questions, let me provide a brief summary of our third quarter outlook. Our core earnings outlook for the third quarter of 2014 is $335 million to $355 million or $0.74 to $0.79 per diluted share, assuming $452 million shares outstanding. Talcott earnings are projected at $75 million to $85 million. This outlook assumes catastrophe losses of $87 million after tax, which is equivalent to about 5.2 points on a combined ratio. This outlook is about a 15% increase in core earnings per share after adjusting third quarter 2013 for items that included a favorable $55 million corporate settlement, cash below budget and prior year development. To wrap up, the second quarter was another quarter of significant progress. Despite challenging catastrophe and non-CAT weather conditions, underlying performance in P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds continued to improve, and Talcott made a significant leap forward in reducing the size and risk of its portfolio with the sale of Japan. We remain focused on achieving greater operating efficiency and effectiveness. And the combination with these accomplishments and our expanded capital management plans, we are on the right path to achieving book value growth and higher core earnings ROEs, which will continue to create shareholder value. And we'll now turn the call over to Sabra to begin the Q&A session.
Sabra R. Purtill: Thank you, Beth. Laurel, could you please repeat the Q&A instructions? [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions, maybe first, a big picture question for Chris. As you look out a couple of years, Chris, is there some ROE range that you think the company can achieve if you're looking out to '16 or '17?
Christopher John Swift: Jay, I think Beth tried to describe what we see in the near term through '15 with our announced capital management plans and where we see the momentum of the go-forward business is. When you get in the '16, '17, we previously -- continue to believe we can expand ROE in those years as we continue to grow and manage capital accretively, but probably not at the rate of pace that we see through -- now through the end of '15. So we still believe we're in that 30 to 40, 50-basis-point continual improvement through those years at this point in time. But as you know, when you get further out, Jay, a lot of dynamics in the economics of the P&C cycle and the businesses, but we're still confident that we're going to be able to expand beyond where we see 2015 currently.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful, Chris. And second question, maybe for Doug. In the Consumer Markets business, you highlight a certain elevated level of non-CAT weather and fire losses. I'm wondering if you can discuss those losses relative to a normal quarter? How much above typical were those losses?
Douglas G. Elliot: Jay, it's Doug. Couple of thoughts, you have our detail inside the supplementals. You know that our core accident year, essentially quarter-over-quarter was up 2 points. And that was due to non-CAT, both weather and fire. I would also describe that 2-point change as roughly above normal as well. So I think I would use a couple of points as the answer on both accounts.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess I was talking just about the Consumer business. Did I say Commercial? I meant Consumer, if I...
Douglas G. Elliot: Did I say Commercial? I was talking Consumer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino with KBW.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: To start, asbestos is something that we generally can sometimes look through, and so I don't want to get too hung up on it. But we've seen a number of asbestos retro deals, particularly with births [ph] around industry. And I'm just curious if this is something that you'd consider doing and then along with that, how dilutive something like that might actually be relative to the downside on policy limits, sort of as a worst case scenario?
Christopher John Swift: Vincent, I think we're very aware of the third-party solutions that are out there and available in the marketplace. And with that said, where we are today is we haven't found anything that we think is economical for us at this point, and believe really managing these liabilities off ourselves is the optimum strategy. I think also you need to consider that these are really complex claim matters and again, we feel best suited with the expertise that we've built longer -- in a long period of time with John Kinney and his outstanding claims team. And it's really in our best interest to manage our own claims also during this period of time. So you put the economics, you put our claim handling and expertise available, and that's where our current thinking is.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. And then just for a quick follow-up. On the product development side, and with a lot of the defensive work here being a complete to many of Liam's earlier points. I get the sense that there's been an incremental step-up, sort of if we can call it your offense strategy here in 2014. I was hoping to maybe get a preview of any of the new products or distribution opportunities that you might have here on the radar with the new leadership structure.
Christopher John Swift: Vincent, I'll just give you a perspective and I know Doug will want to share his view. So I think you're specifically referring to Ray Sprague joining my leadership team as the head of Strategy and Business Development. And he's got a broad mandate, and the broad mandate is obviously to accelerate our growth and our capabilities and Doug and I, when we talk, and we talk in terms of product, we talk in terms of distribution, we talk in terms of geographic presence. So Ray's got a great track record in being very innovative, creative in the Small Commercial area. So Doug and I want to leverage that capabilities across a broader platform. Doug, what color would you...
Douglas G. Elliot: Maybe a few more ideas Vincent on top of Chris that I will share with you. In the second quarter, we did announce a new partnership with AARP in the Small Commercial space, so that will be a growing opportunity we look after and work at. Secondly, as we've commented previously, we have a number of initiatives in our Group Benefits space. We rolled out a critical illness product in the second quarter and still working on other products as we move through '14 and to '15. And lastly, and I know we've shared quite a bit of this with you, our journey to round out our Middle Market workers comp book continues. We feel very good about progress in the property and general liability area. But as noted now, new upside structure relative to reinsurance capacity and property, I think allows us to continue to expand. So a lot of work in the product development area across all these businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's a question for Doug. In commercial lines, as you highlighted, you continue to get rate above your loss cost trends. Just based on what you're seeing in both the industry pricing trend, as well as Hartford's specific dynamics, how much longer do you think that this can continue? Maybe what are you doing that's enabling you to outperform the industry?
Douglas G. Elliot: Erik, maybe few thoughts for you. First thing I would say is, as we look out 90-plus days. We don't see something dramatic occurring that will have a dramatic shift or impact on the trend line. So I could be wrong, but as I think out and I look at what we're trying to accomplish third quarter beyond, our behavior's going to be very consistent. That's our attempt. Secondly, I'll remind you and others that as we think about margin improvement, and we're constantly thinking about that, there are other levers that we're constantly working. So we're working underwriting, nonrenewal renewal strategies, we have a number of initiatives in our claims area. And so we're working on a number of areas, not just pricing against loss trend, and we feel good about what we've accomplished to date. I know that I've referenced our work in the auto area, it's not a line where we're pleased with the overall performance today. It is getting additional attention. I talked to you about our rate gains in the second quarter. Those gains will continue. That's our intent into quarters 3 and 4 and beyond. So a lot of work going on, and I'm bullish that what we've accomplished so far will be the beginning of a really good path forward.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If I can ask quickly on Group Benefits, where do you think the margins can get to over time? And is it achievable to get back to kind of the 7% range where you were in 2007, 2008?
Christopher John Swift: Erik, it's Chris. In my prepared remarks, we talked in terms of 5.5 on a sustainable basis. So I would temper your expectations a little bit on 7%.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And what does that translate into an ROE?
Christopher John Swift: I would say again, with the statutory capital and the GAAP capital that we hold against that businesses, we think we could operate in the low double-digits and try to grow it from there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Chris, with regard to the -- or Beth, with regard to the ROE outlook, I'm thinking that since the life business has the greater portion of the common equity of The Hartford ex AOCI than P&C, but P&C delivers the lion's share of the earnings that it might make sense to explore every avenue to continue to shrink that, the runoff life business, including the U.S. variable annuity. I know you mentioned, you prefer to keep that in-house, but perhaps you could expand your thoughts on that.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. Let me just take the strategy point and then Beth will talk about the ROE implications and the allocation of capital. I think if you think about it, where we're at right now, now that we've sold Japan, we're really left just with a U.S. platform. You've always heard us talk about that we think that risk is -- we understand it very well. It's been managed historically very well. We know how to hedge it. We make about $300 million a year on that VA line of business. Our hedge costs are low, obviously, at these new market levels, including our macro program. So that we really are positioning Talcott as a steady capital provider to the holding company in years to come. And then we'd like to use that capital again to redeploy into higher accretive purposes. So that's sort of a simple model. But I always did say we're always aware of, I'll call it, options out there as a potential tool. But what we see right now for the next -- a couple of years at least, is what we'd like. So Beth, would you share your comment?
Beth A. Bombara: Thank you, Chris. And I'll echo a lot of Chris's comments on that, as we sit here day and look at not only just the GAAP earnings generation that comes from the Talcott businesses, but with the elimination of Japan and the reduced volatility from our statutory results, we really do see ourselves on a path of being able to rely more consistently on taking dividends out of the life entities. And all of that obviously, over time, will play into the ROE equation. And it is a balancing act between increasing that ROE, maybe initially and long term, what we think the economics are of this business and provides us with greater, I think, capital flexibility for the long term. But at Chris said, we're always mindful that there are other opportunities to accelerate that, but that's kind of the equation that we go back and forth in our minds with.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. And then for the low-9% return equity outlook for 2015, does that assume continued underlying margin expansion in the Property & Casualty business?
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, that includes our thoughts going into '15 of the margin expansion that we see in our businesses, as well as the full execution of the current capital management plan that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I want to go back to asbestos, I'm afraid. I know that there's been issues across the industry, but it's still -- it's a lot of money to lose there opposed to -- for what's supposed to be a decaying liability. And I guess, I want to get a better sense you can provide us with what's going on? I get that it's peripheral defendants by mostly mesothelioma claims, but are you losing at trial? Are you settling more? Are you just spending more on claims and defense costs? I'd like to kind of understand better what's going on. And with a hope to kind of get a sense, objectively, at least, of when we think this might trail off.
Christopher John Swift: Randy, it's Chris. Beth's prepared to give you more insights. But just from my chair and observing this over a little bit of time, you're not going to like this, but there's really nothing new here. I mean, this is still a handful of our accounts. There's nothing new that's sort of bubbling up. When you have, I'll call it, sort of elevated frequency in our accounts and you extend that out over a longer period of time when our model predicts, you can have a relatively large movement in our loss reserves. But Beth will give you a little bit more of the details on what's going on. But the key point here is there's nothing new that we're managing or that we're getting exposed to. It's more of the same.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, Chris, I would agree with that. And again as we said, if you think about the charge that we took, the $212 million pretax, think about roughly 2/3 of that coming from the experience that we're seeing with a small number and you said all the right words, peripheral insureds, where we're seeing an increase in meso claims. And we would have expected to see a decrease. And given the severity that comes with meso claims, and we extrapolate that out through our models, we get the increase that you saw -- that we recorded this quarter. The medical science continues to point to the fact that we should start to see a decrease in these claims. And depending on what activity affects our insureds and the type of coverage that we provided to those specific insureds that see these increases, this is the result that we see. But as Chris said, it's not really anything new. It's just how that activity is affecting our insureds and how it runs through our models where we extrapolate over many, many years.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: No, that's helpful. So I mean these are legitimate meso claims. These is not the -- the expansion of liability is more to the peripheral of the defendants but the actual claim is legit, and so you're just having to post more to settle more, basically.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, exactly. This is not like what we saw years and years ago, whereas people who were claiming that they were affected but they had no manifestation of an actual disease.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions on the quarter. Doug, you mentioned, I believe in your prepared remarks an expectation for the Consumer Markets expense ratio for the remainder of this year. I was wondering if you could give us any help on your expectations on the Commercial side for the expense ratio as well.
Douglas G. Elliot: John, let me frame that. There aren't any variations that I think affect your model. And Chris, I can't think of anything relative to run rate that are either front loaded, back loaded, or has some seasonality to it. So John, I think what you've seen is a good indication of where we are, and I think you can move forward from there.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, very helpful. Then on the new Enhanced Surrender program, can you just give us a little bit of color on what you're expecting there? How much account value or number of contracts you're targeting? Should we think about the cost benefit analysis there as being pretty similar to the most recent surrender program on the VA side?
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, sure, this is Beth, I'll take that. So again, there's 2 programs. There is, we refer to as the ISV, which is focused on a fixed annuity block, and it's about 4 billion to 5 billion of account value that we are making this offer to. And our expectations on that is that we would see about a 15% take rate. On the ESV program, it's similar to the program that we did last year with some modifications. And again, it is targeted at our variable annuity book and a specific tranche of about $6 billion of account value. And we're assuming there that we'll probably see about a 15% take rate as well. That's down from what we saw with our first program. But we think given the fact that this program -- the offers are a little bit less than before, and we've also been out to this group of policyholders with our first offer so we expect the rate to be a little bit less. And when we put the combination of both programs together and at those take rates, we'd expect to see about $150 million-ish of capital benefit when we look at sort of our stress scenario capital.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And that $150 million is both of them put together?
Beth A. Bombara: Both of them put together, yes.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. And then just one final quick question. So I think you ended the quarter with about $1.3 billion of cash and short-term securities at the parent. Can you just sort of roll us forward, because here in a few days, or maybe in the month of July, a lot of things happened, right? You brought in the cash proceeds from the Japan annuity sale, you've done a decent amount of buybacks, including the ASR. So on a pro forma basis at the end of July, would it be correct to just sort of take those couple of things into account and roll it forward, or is there anything else more significant?
Beth A. Bombara: That would be the most significant item. The only other item that we did, and it's really a timing item more than anything else, is we did accelerate some of the dividends that we'd normally take out of the P&C legal entities. So if you read our Q, you'll see that in there. And that was about $500 million or so. And that really was just an acceleration of what we normally would have done over the third, fourth and first quarter on the remaining of this year and into next year. It's not an indication that overall, we plan to be taking more of the P&C company going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Crdit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just wanted to focus on what you've announced for the capital, planned the update in the capital plan. Now that Japan is behind you, should we expect that there's going to be another phase of capital return for 2015 related to risk buffer and U.S. Talcott? And if so, when do you think we'd get an update on that? Or finally, is that more -- it's something that we should be thinking about more for 2016 and not 2015?
Christopher John Swift: It's Chris. Beth will provide some commentary too. So I think you might know this, right? We just announced what we want to do for the rest of '15. So we're going to start getting after that. I think the accelerated plan demonstrates our commitment to really deploy our excess capital in what we think is the most accretive ways. And we'll look -- we're always going to continue to look at the balance sheet, all the combinations of factors in our operating companies, our holding companies, and always challenge ourselves to being as efficient as possible with our capital. So Beth, would you provide any additional color?
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, and I think Chris, that summarizes it very well. Again, when you look at the plan that we have announced, a significant amount of both equity repurchases and debt repayments that we'll be dealing for the remainder of '14 and going into '15. And I think we've demonstrated that as we look at our overall capital position and look to manage our Talcott entities at appropriate levels, that to the extent that we were to make any changes of that in the future, we obviously would share that with you. But I would not be expecting some sort of big change coming in the short term as it relates to our capital management plan. But I think more importantly, if I just could add, what we really are focused on is looking at what the statutory capital generation is in the Talcott entities and getting ourselves in a place where we can rely on a predictable stream of cash flows coming out of those entities over time.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just -- Beth, just a follow-up on that. Does the plan that you just announced contemplate utilizing U.S. Talcott dividends?
Beth A. Bombara: So our current plan does anticipate, kind of consistent with where we've talked about before, $250 million, $300 million of dividend, so that is contemplated in the current plan and to some extent, a portion of that was contemplated in the previous plans.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: You said $250 million to $300 million?
Beth A. Bombara: Yes.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just the last question. The $500 million additional debt reduction, can you just bring us up to speed in terms of how far out does that get you? And how should we be thinking about what maturities that takes care of? I believe that actually gets you through more than 2016 maturities, if I'm doing the math correctly, and it would get you out until 2017. Or am I not thinking about that correctly? Is there -- are you more thinking about doing early retirement of some of these maturities?
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, so a couple of things. So first of all, with the plan that we had announced earlier this year, as you may recall, we had indicated that we were targeting 2 of the maturities that we have in 2015, which is about $456 million. And so those will come to the normal course. The $500 million that we've allocated for debt repayment for the remainder of this year, we don't have another maturity that would happen in the third or fourth quarter of '14. So we will be looking at either calling a tranche of debt or a tender. But that would be an acceleration. We don't have a maturity that lines up with that.
Sabra R. Purtill: Laurel, we have time for one more question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two quick questions here. First one, Doug, you mentioned elevated property losses in the Middle Market commercial lines space. What would that add to the underlying combined ratio in the quarter, kind of relative with what's normalized?
Douglas G. Elliot: So we share the underlying and the Middle Market overall combined ratio side. I'd point you there in our supplement. I would characterize the losses as primarily fire, a couple of larger losses in our property book and we also have one in our inland marine book. So somewhat outsized but not -- we don't take enormous retentions. Our retentions are normally under $10 million and so they did cause a little bit of blip in our Middle category.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you quantify what the kind of -- was it 1 point, 2 points in the underlying?
Douglas G. Elliot: There's so much seasonality. I will give you a sense. Our core, as I think about second quarter, non-weather losses over the last 3 or 4 years were higher than the norm by a couple of points overall. So it's not -- certainly not 10 points in the book, right? It's 2 to 3 points. They're having quarters that have had that kind of activity. But relative to 2013, we're a little outsized.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Next question for you Doug. Just curious, now that you're going be running the Consumer business, any changes that you anticipate making and specifically focused on your other agency business that continues to kind of contract here?
Douglas G. Elliot: So this is 2 days in. No changes planned. We have a terrific franchise with AARP and obviously, you know that I've been deep in the agency space on the Commercial side for the last 25 years. So excited about what we will be doing there, what we're doing there currently today. Just a lot of work in front of me and looking forward with Ray to working with his team. So more to come as we talk forward.
Sabra R. Purtill: Thank you, Brian. We'd like to thank all of you for joining us today and for your interest in The Hartford. If anyone has any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact either Sean or myself by phone or e-mail. Thank you, and have a good afternoon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra R. Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Liam E. McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Douglas G. Elliot - President of Commercial Markets, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Andr A. Napoli - President of Consumer Markets & Enterprise Business Services and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Beth A. Bombara - President of Talcott Resolution, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee
Analysts: A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Vincent M. DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lisa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford First Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra R. Purtill: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hartford first quarter 2014 conference call. Our speakers today include Liam McGee, Chairman, President and CEO; Douglas Elliot, President of Commercial Markets; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; and Chris Swift, CFO. Other members of our executive management team are also present and available for Q&A, including Beth Bombara, President of Talcott Resolution. As described on Page 2 of the slides, today's presentation includes forward-looking statements as defined under Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements, and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our presentation today includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the earnings release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that our 10-Q will be filed by the end of this week. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. Just over 2 years ago, we launched The Hartford strategy to enhance shareholder value. Profitably [ph] grow the P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds businesses, reduced the size and risk of Talcott Resolution, and increased the company's operating effectiveness and efficiency. Our focus on executing that strategy has been unrelenting, and I am very proud of this -- of the substantial progress we've made in transforming The Hartford. Building a successful 2013, The Hartford outstanding first quarter results further demonstrate that our businesses are profitably growing through margin expansion and top line growth. In addition, the Japan sale, announced yesterday, is an important milestone in the company's transformation. This is an excellent transaction for shareholders, generating an estimated $1.4 billion capital benefit and sharply reducing The Hartford's risk profile by permanently eliminating the Japan variable annuity risk. Our policyholders in Japan will also benefit from a financially strong, strategic Japanese buyer. In evaluating the transaction, we examined a capital benefit compared to the economics of running the block off. We consider the permanent risk transfer and the likelihood of regulatory approval. After a comprehensive process, we concluded that the sale to Orix was clearly the right decision for the company. The transaction will accelerate the return of capital from Japan so we can be redeploy it for accretive activities were quickly. We will provide details about our plans for the capital benefit after the deal closes, which we expect to occur in July. The transaction also accelerates the transformation of The Hartford, putting greater emphasis on our successful efforts to profitably grow the P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds businesses. This is an important transaction for The Hartford. With the return of capital from Japan and the permanent elimination of the VA risk there, The Hartford is much closer to achieving the strategic objectives we set out in 2012. The Hartford had an outstanding first quarter. Core earnings increased 23% to $564 million, or $1.18 per diluted share. Core earnings in the P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds businesses also increased 23% year-over-year. Disciplined underwriting and pricing continued to drive margin expansion in P&C and Group Benefits. Excluding a onetime expense benefit, CATs and prior year development, the total P&C combined ratio improved to 89.9 in the first quarter, a 1.9 point improvement over the prior year quarter. In Group Benefits, we continued to grow margins, recording a 50% jump in core earnings and an increase in the core earnings margin to 5.1%. As Doug will discuss later, renewal written price increases were strong in P&C Standard Commercial at 7%. Pricing increases remain well ahead of loss cost trends, which will drive future margin expansion. In addition to increasing profitability, we're beginning to generate improving top line growth across the P&C lines. New business premiums were up year-over-year in Middle Market and Consumer Markets and retentions are higher across the board even as pricing remains strong. In Group Benefits, sales increased 7% over the first quarter of 2013 for the fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. In Mutual Funds, growth in assets under management drove core earnings up 5%. We were pleased to see positive net flows in Mutual Funds in the first quarter, a sign of growing momentum in the business. As Chris will elaborate, we continue to manage the balance sheet prudently. The aim of continued financial strength and flexibility while returning capital to shareholders and paying down debt. During the quarter, we repurchased $300 million of common stock and repaid $200 million of maturing debt. Across the company, we are driving improvements in operating effectiveness and efficiency, which you can begin to see in declining enterprise insurance and other operating expense levels. We are instilling a continuous improvement mindset to ensure that we operate more effectively and efficiently going forward. The first 4 months of 2014 represent an important turning point for the Hartford. With the sale of Japan, The Hartford is transforming into an insurance underwriting company with a smaller, less volatile, U.S. run off block in Talcott Resolution. The P&C Group Benefits and Mutual Funds team are delivering profitable growth. Outstanding first quarter results further demonstrate that the fundamental changes we made to how the company operates are working. We are creating a culture of execution of The Hartford and are well-equipped to compete effectively in our markets. We are focused on the work ahead as we continue to execute in The Hartford strategy. Thanks again for your interest in The Hartford, we look forward to sharing our continued progress with you. And I'll now turn the call over to Doug. Doug?
Douglas G. Elliot: Thank you, Liam, and good morning, everyone. Commercial Markets is off to a strong start in 2014, and clearly building on the growing momentum established over the past several years. With an improving earnings profile, particularly in Middle Market, P&C and Group Benefits, our attitude towards growth has turned more positive across all our businesses. Let's begin on Slide 5. For the first quarter of 2014, P&C Commercial delivered $264 million of core earnings and a combined ratio of 91.2. Compared to the first quarter of 2013, this is an increase of $40 million in core earnings and a decrease of 2.8 points in the combined ratio. Current accident year CATs for the first quarter of 2014 were approximately $60 million. Significantly above the very light CAT quarter 1 year ago. Partially offsetting the increase in CAT losses was a onetime expense benefit resulting from changes in New York Workers' Compensation Board assessments. The underlying combined ratio excluding CATs and prior development was 87.7 for the first quarter of 2014, a decrease of 5.4 points versus the prior year. Excluding the favorable effects of the New York Assessments changes, the underlying combined ratio improved 2.2 points, reflecting our strong execution across all market segments. CAT losses for our Property & Casualty businesses this quarter were more heavily skewed to Standard Commercial lines. This is largely a function of our extensive Small Commercial business and low temperatures across the Midwest and Northeast, that resulted in a much higher frequency of burst water pipes that we normally see from winter storms. Turning to the top line on Slide 6. Our total written premium was up 1%. However, underneath this overall modest change, a very important story is unfolding for our P&C Commercial businesses. Adjusting for the $43 million written premium decline in our Programs business, which is a result of re-underwriting actions, P&C Commercial grew over 4%, the strongest quarterly growth we've seen in several years. Furthermore, we continued our relentless execution on written pricing gains, achieving a 7% increase in the quarter. Although down from 8% in quarter 4, we are nonetheless pleased with the general strength of pricing achieved. Importantly, pricing continues to outpace lost cost trends. New business momentum also continued, and in particular, I would note, our Middle Market new business premium was up 14% in the quarter. With this as a backdrop, let me share a few additional thoughts on each of our 4 business segments starting with Small Commercial beginning on Slide 7. Performance in Small Commercial continues to be excellent, with an all-in combined ratio of 85.7. Top line momentum is building, with policy retention improving to 83% and new business of $131 million for the quarter. Quotes for our business owners' package policy spectrum were up 12% in the quarter. Recall that we are introducing our commercial auto product on our new quote-to-issue platform in the coming months, completing our small product suite. This cutting-edge technology, with our market-leading products and outstanding distribution partnerships, has us poised for further PIF growth as we look out over the next several quarters. Moving to Middle Market on Slide 8. I continue to be pleased with our progress. Margin improvement has been our consistent focus over the last several years, and our first quarter underlying combined ratio of 90.1 paints a completely different picture than what we saw a few years back. After adjusting for the benefit from changes in New York Assessments, we're down 3.2 points from prior year. Renewal written pricing at 6% remain well ahead of loss cost trends and our account performance analytics continued to guide our pricing discipline. As I mentioned in our fourth quarter call, the environment has become more competitive over the last 6 months, but I would continue to describe the overall market as rational. Middle Market written premium was up 4% in the quarter, reflecting our improved go-to-market capabilities. Retention remains solid and new business of $111 million was up from $97 million in the first quarter of 2013. Our new business product balance is now consistently performing within our target range. With property, casualty and auto representing 2/3 of our new written premium. Most importantly, based on our aggressive pricing and underwriting actions over the past 30 months, the rate adequacy of our Middle Market growth has improved significantly, including worker's compensation. Turning to Specialty Commercial on Slide 9. National Accounts continue this top line momentum up 24%. Specific circumstances related to several individual accounts help drive this result. However, even adjusting for these, the underlying run rate is in the low-double digits. Our credit and underwriting standards remain rigorous. We estimate that available new business in the market was down slightly, but I was pleased with the new accounts we wrote in the quarter. As in prior quarters, with exceptional retention above 90%, our new accounts exceeded those either lost or non-renewed, a great organic result. Financial Products also had a solid quarter with 4% growth. Pricing remains positive in most sectors with the outlier large, commercial excess players where we see pricing declines. I remain positive on our progress here, and I'm pleased with another good 90 days. Re-underwriting efforts in our Program business remain a priority. We're making difficult yet appropriate financial trade-off decisions here, and I'm not concerned with the top line decline. Our financial outlook for the go-forward programs supported by revised underwriting and claims controls has significantly improved over the past 2 years. Now let's move to Group Benefits on Slide 10, where excellent momentum from 2013 continues. Core earnings in the quarter of $45 million, were up 50% from last year. Favorable long-term disability incident trends, continued strong recoveries and improved pricing, were all drivers in the quarter. In the February year-end call, I noted our strong persistency on January 2014 renewals. In fact, for the quarter, persistency in accounts renewing in our Employer Group Life and Disability business came in at 80%, up approximately 18 points from 2013. This strong performance produced a book consistency -- persistency of over 90%, which is 10 points improved from 2013. Looking at the top line. Fully insured ongoing premium declined 4% compared to prior year. The decrease is primarily attributed to a decision we made last year to exit an agreement with a third-party targeting sales through financial institutions. The impact on core earnings is immaterial, but we will continue to see premium decline throughout December 2014 when our exit is complete. Excluding the premium from this arrangement, our top line is down about 1% to prior year. Turning to New Business. Fully insured ongoing sales of $180 million, were 7% ahead of first quarter 2013. This is now the fourth consecutive quarter of increasing year-over-year sales. These financial results reflect our improved financial profile and market competitiveness. And critical to our strategy, this improved financial performance has also been recognized by A.M. Best, Standard & Poor's and Fitch, all of which have recently reviewed the Group Benefits writing company and upgraded our ratings. We've been working aggressively to transition all Group Benefits business to Hartford Life and Accident, and these upgrades are important step as we work to grow this business. In closing, this was a very good quarter for us with strong top line and bottom line performance. I'd highlight that we continued to invest inside each of our business for 2014 and beyond. Technology is at the core of this agenda, but underwriting, product development and data analytics are equally critical. Our markets are continuing to evolve and these operating initiatives will strengthen our value proposition with customers and distributors. Coupled with the improving financial performance we delivered over recent quarters, we are optimistic about our strategic position as we move forward. Now let me turn the call over to Andy Napoli.
Andr A. Napoli: Thanks, Doug, and good morning. Consumer Markets delivered strong first quarter results that continued the positive momentum created in 2013. During the quarter, consumer generated written premium growth of 6% year-over-year. Sequential policy growth in both auto and home, while simultaneously improving underlying margins. Let's start with margins. Overall, despite the winter activity that drove elevated non-CAT frequency across all lines, we produced 1.2 points of underlying margin improvement. In homeowners, winter storms and the unseasonably cold weather that hit the Eastern half of the country unfavorably impacted our non-CAT home loss ratio by 4 points. During the quarter, we experienced large increases in non-CAT weather claim frequency, particularly from frozen pipes. In auto, the weather also contributed to increased physical damage frequency. On the other hand, auto liability frequency and severity trends remained modestly positive. Finally, our expense ratio improved over a point compared to last year due to direct marketing efficiencies, coupled with the benefit of increased scale. Now let's move to the top line. Written premium growth for the quarter was driven equally by new business production and improving retention. Auto new business grew 20% with production coming from all channels. Agent ease of doing business is critically important to us and we spent a large part of 2013 working on new business throughput in this channel. Our team thoughtfully reviewed agency back and implemented numerous workflow improvements, resulting in a 7% increase in quotes and a 32% increase in issues over last year. These improvements helped drive auto new business production in AARP Agency and other agency, which grew 46% and 31%, respectively. Now let's shift to AARP direct top line, where new business grew 10%. This growth was largely enabled by a 29% increase in response, as we continue to optimize our direct marketing by driving leads for more cost effective, online sources. During the quarter, 78% of our responses came from online shoppers, up 7 points from a year ago. Our AARP direct marketing has improved significantly over the past couple of years, while leveraging better analytics and quicker test and learn capabilities to more efficiently target shoppers who will respond to our Hartford AARP offerings. Strong premium retention is also driving growth. Targeted renewal pricing and increased policy retention contributed to a 1 point increase in auto premium retention, including a 2 point improvement in agency auto. Home premium retention is also up 1 point. Overall, we are very pleased with our growth and we we're mindful of balancing that growth with a strong underwriting focus, managing both on a very dynamic basis from state to state to optimize our total return. Focusing on Auto. We're very happy with AARP growth in states like Florida, Illinois and Arizona, and agency growth in Texas, Connecticut and Pennsylvania. We also have some states who are actively managing like California, where we're taking both rate and non-rate actions to combat loss cost pressure and to decelerate growth a bit. In New York, where the rate we've taken combined with non-rate actions, for example, restricting new business flow through filters and comparative raters, our actions are working and new business growth has slowed. Consistent with our results this quarter, where the auto current accident year loss ratio was essentially flat with prior year, we're confident the actions we've taken and will take during the remainder of 2014, will continue to keep earned pricing ahead of lost costs. In closing, we're proud of our first quarter results continuing the momentum from 2013, improving margins, expanding top line growth and growing policies in-force. As we look ahead to the remainder of 2014, we'll actively monitor growth, we'll take rate to stay ahead of loss trends and implement other non-rate actions where appropriate. We are confident in our ability to achieve our 2014 objectives and that our core strategy remains strong and on track. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Andy. This morning, I'll cover several topics. First, I'll review first quarter 2014 results; second, I will cover the HLIKK transaction and its financial impacts; third, I'll provide updates on our legal entity realignment work; and finally, I'll cover our second quarter 2014 outlook. Let's begin on Slide 14. Last evening, we reported first quarter 2014 core earnings of $564 million, or $1.18 per share, up 23% from the first quarter of 2013. First quarter results included about $58 million after-tax, or $0.12 per diluted share of favorable items. These items included $26 million in after-tax, favorable prior year development, mostly from prior year catastrophes and $32 million after-tax for a reduction in assessments for the New York State Worker's Compensation Board. Current year catastrophes were in line with our outlook of $57 million after-tax. The addition to these items, limited partnerships returns were 13% annualized, or about $0.07 per diluted share higher than our 6% yield we are using for outlooking purposes. Turning to Slide 15. Consolidated net income for the quarter was $495 million or, $1.03 per diluted share, compared with a net loss of $241 million, or $0.58 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2013. Hedging losses and credit impairments were modest, reflecting relatively stable capital markets and a favorable credit environment this quarter. Combined, our P&C group Benefits and Mutual Funds businesses, generated core earnings of $452 million, up 23% from the first quarter of 2013. Doug and Andy covered their businesses, so I'll cover the rest. Mutual Funds core earnings rose 5% over prior year due to higher fees resulting from increased assets under management. Fund performance remains solid and we were ranked as a Top 10 Mutual Fund Family in the Barrons/Lipper survey for the second year in a row. With strong sales and improving redemptions, net flows were positive for the first time since 2011. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we anticipate a slight increase in redemptions due to the liquidation of our series of target date funds. These funds have approximately $700 million in assets under management, which reflects our decision to focus resources in areas where we can grow market share. Talcott's core earnings were $175 million, basically in line with our outlook after adjusting for limited partnership returns. U.S. VA surrender activity remained relatively consistent with policy accounts declining 3% sequentially, and an annualized surrender rate of 12.3% in the first quarter. This is slightly lower than the last few quarters, primarily because of the ESV program. We continue to explore policyholder initiatives for our annuity blocks. In mid-March, we launched a program that will ultimately be offered to about 84,000 contract holders with $5.5 billion of U.S. fixed annuity account values. The corporate segment had core losses of $63 million, compared with core losses of $73 million in the first quarter of 2013. The difference was principally due to a reduction in interest expense of about $12 million before tax, due to debt repayments in 2013. During the quarter, we repaid $200 million in maturing debt, consistent with the capital management plan we announced in February of this year. Turning to Slide 16. At March 31, 2014, The Hartford's book value per diluted share excluding AOCI was $40.17, up 2% from year end 2013, and up 3% from March 31, 2013. The growth in book value per share reflects first quarter net income and the accretive impact of share repurchase during the quarter, which was modestly offset by dividends paid to shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased $8.8 million common shares for $300 million at an average price of $34.03 per share, or about 85% of book value excluding AOCI. Our core earnings ROE for the 12 months ended March 31, 2014 was 9.6%, which is above our expected run rate for full year 2014 of 8.7% to 9.2%. This increase was due to favorable limited partnership income and catastrophe losses over the past year. Yesterday, we announced the agreement to sell HLIKK, our Japanese annuity subsidiary for $895 million, or $860 million net of expenses and taxes. This is a good transaction at a good price that will eliminate our exposure to the Japan VA business. The transaction, which is subject to regulatory approvals is expected to close in July and has a pro forma estimated capital benefit of $1.4 billion. The benefit is comprised of net proceeds from the sale of HLIKK, and an estimated net statutory capital benefit of $540 million in the U.S. resulting from the recapture of the Japan annuity risk to HLIKK. On a March 31, 2014, pro forma basis, the transaction would result in an after-tax GAAP net loss of approximately $675 million, and a U.S. Life Insurance company net statutory surplus loss of approximately $275 million. The deal is subject to a purchase price adjustment. The company's hedging program is designed to largely offset the effect of the purchase price adjustment and the expected capital benefit and we intend to continue the hedging program until closing. As a result of this transaction, effective in the second quarter, the Japan business will be classified as discontinued operations and will not be included in core earnings. Core earnings for Japan were $64 million this quarter, and were outlooked at $215 million for the full year. Going forward, Japan results will also include the results of hedging and changes in the purchase price adjustment and will be included in net income through discontinued operations until closing, which is expected in July of 2014. The estimated GAAP loss on the sale will be booked in the second quarter. After closing, The Hartford will have greater financial flexibility and a significantly reduced risk profile. We are evaluating how we will deploy the capital benefit from this transaction, including incremental capital management opportunities, and will update you on our plans after the transaction closes. Consistent with prior programs, we will evaluate both equity and debt options under any program. As Liam discussed, this sale is a major milestone for The Hartford, accelerating our transformation to a more focused insurance underwriting company and significantly reducing the company's risk profile. In addition, it will reduce future net income volatility as GAAP accounting did not fair value most of the Japan liabilities. Turning in to Slide 18. We have also made progress on our corporate structure realignment. During the quarter, we completed the Group Benefits legal entity separation project. Today, Hartford Life and Accident, or HLA, largely represents just the Group Benefits business. As part of this separation this quarter, HLA subsidiaries upstreamed an $800 million dividend to HLA in March. This capitalized the Group Benefits company in an RBC [ph] of approximately 400% as of March 31, 2014. After the realignment, HLA's former subsidiaries, Hartford Life Insurance Company and Hartford Life and Annuity became subsidiaries of the Life Holding company. As Doug mentioned, after we completed the realignment, 3 rating agencies upgraded HLA, our market-facing Group Benefits company. Our second project involves White River Re. In the second quarter of 2014, we plan to dissolve White River, our Vermont annuity captive, and Hartford Life and Annuity recaptured the risk previously ceded to White River. This transaction has no impact on net holding company resources or consolidated U.S. life statutory surplus. In addition, this transaction simplifies our regulatory and reporting structure and improved our ability to manage Talcott's resources. Including the impact of HLA and White River realignments, pro forma March 31, 2014 RBC for Hartford Life Insurance Company and subsidiaries would be approximately 430%. Before turning to your questions, let me provide a brief summary of our second quarter outlook, which is on Slide 19. Bottom line, adjusting for certain items, we forecast the core earnings increase of 8% in the second quarter of 2014 as compared to the second quarter of 2013. In total, our core earnings outlook for the second quarter of 2014 is $295 million to $320 million, or $0.63 to $0.68 per diluted share, assuming 469 million shares outstanding. This outlook does not include Japan annuity core earnings of approximately $55 million dollars or $0.12 per diluted share, which will be reported in discontinued operations. Talcott's earnings, excluding Japan, are outlooked at $80 million to $85 million for the quarter and include about $15 million after-tax for expenses associated with policyholder initiatives on the U.S. annuity book. This outlook assumes catastrophe losses of $120 million after-tax, which is about equal to our actual experience in the second quarter of 2013. The second quarter is generally our highest CAT quarter, and May and June are 2 of our most active CAT months, particularly for tornadoes and thunderstorms that are still to come. We extend our sympathies to all those affected by Sunday's tornadoes and yesterday's storms in the Midwest and Midsouth. As usual, the outlook does not include any estimates for prior year development, except for the accretion of discount on workers comp. We complete our annual ground-up asbestos environmental reserve studies in the second quarter. To wrap up, let me just reiterate that we are off to an outstanding start in 2014 with strong financial results from our P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Fund businesses and a transaction milestone with the Japan announcement. Our capital position is very strong, with a $600 million improvement in statutory surplus this quarter, reflecting positive statutory earnings in both Life and P&C. I'll now turn the call over to Sabra to begin the Q&A session.
Sabra R. Purtill: Thank you, Chris. We have about 30 minutes for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Lisa, could you please give the instructions for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Mark Finkelstein from Evercore.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I guess my first question is on the transaction and kind of the earnings outlook that you talked about. I guess, how much in stranded costs get -- or shared services cost get reallocated? And is it too early to start talking about an expense plan in terms of kind of dealing with those?
Liam E. McGee: I'll let Chris and/or Beth take the details of that question. But Mark, I think as we demonstrated with our sales of the Life and Retirement Plans businesses as well as our broker-dealer, we are always determined to eliminate costs that are associated with businesses we sold. And I think our success to date in those businesses are supportive of that concept. With that, I'll have Chris and Beth give you the details that you asked for.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Liam. I think your point is right on. I think, Mark, if you put into context that HLIKK was really a standalone business unit in Japan, reallocated a small amount of holding company expenses to Japan. When I mean small, you think in terms of $20 million, $25 million after-tax -- or excuse me, pretax. And we'll put that part of our efficiency objectives and we'll get out as quickly as we can, but it's relatively small.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then Chris, just what happens to the hedging cost? I mean I know that 70 basis points likely goes away, but is there an opportunity to take down the macro hedge as well? And if so, how much of that save the strain in the -- below the line?
Christopher John Swift: Mark, from the hedging side, I will just reiterate, we are going to continue to hedge from now until closing. That's important as we try to lock in our capital benefit. I think as you forward, in U.S. block, we still spend at 30 to 40 basis points of hedging cost. The macro program cost is approximately $75 million. So I do think we'll have the opportunity, with Bob Rupp's leadership, to recalibrate our U.S. hedging programs. And that's on the list, and we'll update you as we modify it going forward.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, Andy, is the expense ratio improvement in Consumer sustainable?
Andr A. Napoli: Mark, this is Andy. Yes, we believe that we should sustain 1.4 point improvement throughout the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have a question. I know you don't want to address sort of the deployment of the capital until the deal actually closes. But I guess my question is this, should we think -- how should we think about those proceeds in the capital freed up from the sale? And by that, I mean, is it fair for us to look upon those proceeds as completely unencumbered and available to the holding company, either directly as it relates to the sale price or, over time, as it relates to getting the dividends out of the life co?
Christopher John Swift: John, it's Chris. How about if I frame it that the $1.4 billion capital benefit is obviously the gross impact of that combination. I think when you think about it, what we announced our capital management plan for 2014 and '15, you would say as our thinking, this transaction overlaid with that plan. We would say that there's an incremental $1 billion of capital that will be available to supplement that plan. And as you know, we're going to work on it with -- we're going to work on closing the transaction first and then, simultaneously, that will work on our plans. And again, consistent with our past actions, I think we demonstrated the ability to be balanced to achieve our deleveraging goals while returning excess capital to shareholders.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's fair. I just wanted sort of an affirmation, if you will, that the net proceeds here over what you had already assumed in your $2 billion outlook was indeed unencumbered. And I guess it's fair for us to assume that, right, given the 400% RBC at the group company and the 430% at Talcott on a pro forma basis. Correct?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. I mean, the way we think about it is the capital that's in the U.S. entity, we'll work with our regulators to do an extraordinary dividend to get it out. The cash that's going to come from the sale of the legal entity in Japan will go directly to the holding company. But all that totals in incremental billion dollars compared to our announced plan.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if I can just sneak one more in. I kind of hate asking about the Corporate segment on the conference call, but as you look at that $63 million operating and core operating loss in Corporate this quarter, can you give us some help on where we should expect that to trend given the debt reductions as well as your expectation for incremental expenses from here?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. John, I'm looking at the supplements. So I always think in terms of -- at the Corporate segment, there's about $60 million to $70 million of pretax operating expenses up there in addition to the interest expense -- yes, for the year -- I'm sorry, that's for the year. So that will continue to be there, with the -- just the catchfall from some unallocated expenses to the line. So think about it as $50 million to $60 million for an annualized basis pretax within there going forward.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. So most of the expenses that we should see from here then are truly in the operating units?
Christopher John Swift: Clearly. I mean that's where all the action is.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vincent DeAugustino from KBW.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I'll just start off with Doug real quick. I'm just curious if you're seeing any shifts in quote submissions that might indicate that your clients and agents are becoming more complacent with, call it, mid-single-digit rate increases since we're also seeing a concurrent modest rise in retentions as well?
Douglas G. Elliot: Vince, I would describe the operating environment the last 60 days as relatively consistent. So I don't see any major changes out there. Excited about the progress we made in the quarter, sales achieved across our businesses, as I noted, really positive signs for the franchise. But I still see a very rational environment that is allowing us to compete effectively.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: All right. Good. And Andy, you've already provided some information on the non-CAT non-weather. But I guess the question would go to both Doug and you. But clearly, the winter weather was a drag on the CAT line, and I'm just curious of any thoughts on weather outside of the catastrophe line. There might be some benefit across the writing [ph] lines like auto and workers comp, or some of these frigid temperatures may have weighted on whether it be discretionary driving or construction activity. I'm just looking at some other things in the economy, and we see it in retail sales, home starts, tons of things that are impacted here. And I'm just wondering if there's some also non-CAT, non-weather accident frequency benefits here in the quarter that's benefiting the quarter [ph] line loss ratio that we should maybe thinking about normalizing out or just breaking that down would be helpful.
Andr A. Napoli: Okay. Vince, this is Andy. I'll address for Consumer and then hand it off to Doug. So let me talk about homeowners first. So we did see an abnormally large increase or spike in freezing pipe claims, so we got to deal with that. And so, when will that repeat itself towards the end of this next year, into next year. The long-term 3- or 4-year trend for non-CAT weather has been slightly negative. And so I view that, as the year plays out that, that trend should continue despite what happened in the quarter with the frozen pipe claims. What's more interesting, at least to me, is what's happening in auto. So we observed a sharp increase in collision frequency that we attribute largely to ice and snow throughout the Northeast and Midwest. And what's interesting about it is we did not see a corresponding increase in auto liability frequency. But that said, that's something that we're paying really close attention to, as we come out of the cold weather period, to see if the collision frequency drops off and auto liability frequency remains modest. That help?
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: It does.
Douglas G. Elliot: Vince, let me add a few points to that. One is we had some pressure on our non-CAT weather inside Commercial Markets in the first quarter. Not big, big numbers, but clearly states that we're borderline, ISO-defined CAT-ers, et cetera, so a couple of points of pressure there inside our property lines. Secondly, we feel we also had some frequency in the auto line just because of weather. So we had commercial drivers out on the roads for extra hours, et cetera. And we know, as we look at geographies, it had some pressure in the quarter. And the last piece I'd throw to you, maybe a contrarian thought to you. In comp, we think we saw a little bit in the frequency area just based on weather. So whether it be employees on the job sites with more challenging temperatures, ice, et cetera. So we actually looked at our first quarter frequency numbers and comp and think we saw a little bit of lift in areas that had those adverse temperatures.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So to your point on being contrarian, we should maybe actually think about this at least being sustainable, if not potentially getting some improvement throughout the rest of the year based on all the rate and non-rate actions as well.
Douglas G. Elliot: That's fair.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions. You had mentioned in the U.S. VA book an offer that you're putting out to contract holders of -- if you can give more detail on that. And then on the Property & Casualty side, I guess really on the Commercial side, this was the first quarter that I can recall, where there was no adverse reserve development in any major line of business. And I'm wondering if you're seeing in some of these liability lines better claims trend, or is it simply that, "Hey, we've gotten the reserves where they need to be," at this point?
Liam E. McGee: Okay, Jay. We'll have Beth take your first question on U.S. annuity offers -- customer offers.
Beth A. Bombara: Great, thank you. Yes, so in markets, as Chris outlined in his remarks, we did start an offer related to our fixed annuity block. This offer is going to cover about $5.5 billion of account value. These fixed annuities, think of them as offering minimum interest rate guarantees of around 3%. And so, with this offer, we're offering policyholders an enhancement and increase to their surrender value as they would surrender their contract.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And Beth, what's the expectation as far as what that should produce as far as surrender value -- surrender rate?
Beth A. Bombara: Yes. It's early to tell right now. As I said, we just started the first launch in March. And for the first wave, currently we're experiencing about an 8% take rate. So we modeled that we thought, in total, we'd get somewhere in the 10% to 15% surrender rate.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And the development?
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. Yes, on the adverse development, I'll add my comments and Doug might have a view. I think you're kind to notice that we've worked hard to getting the balance sheet right and we believe it is right. I would also tell you that I think we have better collaboration amongst the financial reserving actuaries and the business actuaries, Doug and myself, so that our current year picks, at least over the last 2 years, I think we are more confident about those picks. There's more real time data that goes into our planning process and quarterly process. So Doug, I think we feel that the process that we go through is just tighter, more realtime and better data and to give comfort out on those picks.
Douglas G. Elliot: Jay, I would totally agree with Chris' comments. We just feel very good about the process and we jumped on issues early. Just we're solid about where we are.
Operator: And our next question comes from Erik Bass from Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess now that the legal entity restructuring is complete, can you just provide an update on the statutory capital levels for the different blocks remaining within Talcott?
Christopher John Swift: Erik, what I would say, if you look at our printed results in the supplement for U.S. Life statutory surplus of $7 billion, $1.4 billion of that is HLA. So the remainder $5 billion, $6 billion then would be the 2 Life legal entities that support Talcott. That $5 billion, $6 billion then is before the approximate $275 million loss. So you could think of it on a pro forma basis for that loss, we have $5.3 billion of surplus supporting Talcott runoff and that we have approximately $600 million of that -- on that surplus, that capital is allocated to VA Japan risk that, over time, will -- again an extraordinary dividend and extract, and return to the holding company. So I think, in total, we ought to think about what we have for Talcott runoff is about $4.7 billion of surplus on a pro forma basis, and our Group Benefits company has $1.4 billion of surplus.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And can you talk a little bit about the different options you have for additional deleveraging going forward? I believe you've already committed to retiring the maturities in 2014 and 2015, so would you be looking to potentially tender for additional debt, or do you have any securities that become callable?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. I would say, Erik, that our thinking is very early and preliminary, so I wouldn't want to comment beyond that, that we do need to continue to delever. Our goals are geared towards the go-forward businesses and sort of where we need to be to support those businesses going forward and that will continue to require some deleveraging. How we do that, just give us a little bit more time and we'll come back to you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones here. The first one, could I get, in the P&C insurance business, what the new money yield is versus the current book yield in the investment portfolio? Do you have that?
Christopher John Swift: For the P&C business, I don't have it. I think in total that most of the cash flows relate to the new P&C business, Brian, because we put new money to work at about 3.9% and what was rolling off was about 4%.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, so not much deterioration in that here going forward.
Christopher John Swift: Correct.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Andy, just quickly, you gave us what the non-CAT weather was for the home owners. Do you have that number just for the whole consumer unit? And how does that compare to last year's first quarter?
Andr A. Napoli: Yes. So all-in personal line, 2.7 points of non-CAT weather, all auto and home combined relative to last year.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Relative to last year. That's the increased relative to last year.
Andr A. Napoli: That's the increased relative to last year, yes.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Perfect, that's helpful. And then last one, Doug. I'm just curious, Doug, could you talk about progress being made in the Group Benefits business with respect to voluntary products for the public exchanges that you guys have been working on or just exchanges?
Douglas G. Elliot: Absolutely. Good progress to report. We now are out in the market with our critical illness product, feel good about that, and working on that product with several customers as we speak. And I expect as we move toward the latter half of 2014, we'll be also in the market with accident for a 1/1/15 launch as well. So excited that revamped our FLEX disability, out with critical illness and accident to come shortly.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Sabra R. Purtill: Operator? If you can go to the next question and then Jimmy can re-queue if he needs to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Giovanni from Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess one of the big surprises is also just kind of the pace of buybacks, particularly so far in April. So I wanted to see if you could talk some about how tactical and aggressive you look to be with the current authorization, recognizing you're almost 1/3 of the way through this $2 billion program that doesn't expire until the end of 2015.
Liam E. McGee: I'll let Chris give some perspective and then I may answer as well. So Chris, go ahead.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. Chris, yes, we're pleased that we're able to do 2 tranches. I think we've said before that we've been operating under a 10b5-1 plan that we put in place for the first and second quarter of late 2013. So we were very opportunistic, our agent was very opportunistic. But our current philosophy really hasn't changed as it relates to the program over the next 6 quarters. We want to be stable, consistent, generally ratable. But we do have opportunities to be opportunistic here in the second quarter remaining in the next 2 months. So generally, we're pleased with what we've done to date and we're going to continue and execute ratably over the next 6 quarters.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, for Doug, just a question kind of on the broader markets. So you continue to show significant improvement across really all your commercial businesses as you stayed disciplined on the underwriting. The rate of price change seems to be pretty consistent with what we've seen from your peers, but I wanted to see if you could comment on any maybe incremental changes in terms of carriers looking to get either more aggressive around pricing or terms and conditions?
Douglas G. Elliot: Chris, I'm not sure I would add any to what I shared to my opening comments. Again, recently balanced marketplace, from own perspective, very much improved profile of our businesses, small and middle, and we talked about Group Benefits as well. Like the product balance in the marketplace, we'd still be driven by our product analytics. And '15 is a long way out, but feel very good about the start of '14, and we'll jump into the second quarter as we ended the first.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Crdit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just had a more of an overall company enterprise risk management question first, and then a specific question on the statutory. But the -- so Chris, I know you mentioned $1 billion of capital as what's been earmarked from this transaction to be freed up. But also just listening to Liam's comments to open the call about the significant risk reduction, I have to imagine that, from an enterprise risk management standpoint, capital buffers would be significantly reduced as a result of this transaction or the need for capital buffers. So is there any contemplation in terms of how we should consider that and, ultimately, how those capital buffers that exist today may come back to the shareholders?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. Tom, it's Chris. I think one point of clarification, what we're saying about the $1 billion, that's the incremental to the capital management plan we announced for '14 and '15. So that is the incremental amount of capital that we will put to work. I think as far as your question regarding capital buffers, capital levels going forward is valid. And we are thinking, really second half of '14 into '15. Now that the legal entity separation work is done, and then I think you know why that was so important to put that out, it put us in a position to run Talcott's 2 remaining legal entities off over a longer period of time with the right targeted runoff capital levels. And we do have the ability to recalibrate that, with Bob Rupp's help, from the risk side. but our guiding principles will always be for Talcott to be self-sufficient in a stress scenario. So with that backdrop, yes, I do think there is some tolerances that we'll look at more closely and change going forward.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a specific question on how we should think about not necessarily dividendable earnings generated from Talcott U.S. going forward, but I'm more interested in capital generation. And I realized there are restrictions to getting money out today because of negative earned surplus. But I assume the outlook on statutory earnings, all things equal, now that you've folded in White River, or that you're in the process of folding it in, probably looks a little more clean and clear. Can you update on what kind of earnings stream on a stat basis you think that entity can produce over the next couple of years?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. I think about it just sort of total capital generation no matter if it goes through the P&L or directly to equity. So we still think in terms of -- Talcott has about $300 million to $400 million of annual capital generation. I think we got off to a good start, particularly in '14. So a lot of that was front-ended. But even beyond that, I think it's reasonable to project a steady dividend return from Talcott, that will be our philosophy. And it will be tied to excess capital and generating statutory surplus as these blocks run off.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jay Gelb from Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: As we work through all the shifts in the balance sheet and earnings from the Japan VA sale, I just want to get a sense of whether you feel the 10% corroborating ROE by 2016 would still be reasonable?
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. How to frame that, I think the way we think about it is that the dilutive impact on core earnings of Japan, we think the go-forward business is their growth with our incremental accretive capital management plans can offset that dilution and gives us a good shot at achieving a 10% ROE in '16.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's what I thought. And then for Andy, the personal lines growth is the fastest in many quarters and you are now generating attractive margins from a combined ratio standpoint. I just want to see if there's anything else going on there, sort of underneath the surface, that you feel is driving those better results.
Andr A. Napoli: Jay, it's Andy. Thanks for the question. Yes, we feel great about our growth and it's absolutely a reflection of the momentum we created in 2013 across all the channels. So I talked about agency channel ease of doing business, so I won't spend any time on that. But don't underestimate the power that, that can have in that channel for agents and CSRs to place more and more business with us. We've grown our AARP Agency appointments almost 12%. We now have 7,200 agent locations out there that are taking advantage of that terrific program. We've also begun rolling out a new class plan for auto that has the effect of expanding our underwriting sweet spot, if so to speak. We traditionally had a strong focus on more mature, older AARP members, and that very methodical and disciplined expansion of that sweet spot is starting to hit the market. So we've got a lot of things sort of hitting at the same time in the agent channel that are contributing to the growth and then just better execution and marketing in our AARP direct channel and class plan implementation there that also serves to open up our underwriting aperture.
Sabra R. Purtill: Lisa, we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Our final question comes from Randy Binner from FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So kind of like an older -- more of a forest rather than all the trees kind of question and it goes back to the Japan VA divestiture here. And so, if I kind of put together the expense saves and the looser capital buffers and the potential for debt paydown and buyback, is that going to -- just from an EPS perspective, not necessarily from an ROE perspective, are all of those initiatives -- can we expect all of those initiatives going forward in our model to kind of make up most of that lost EPS, that's $0.40 or so a year that we lose from the VA earnings in Japan? Should we think about those initiatives as being able to kind of backfill that in our models going forward, or do we kind of lose those EPS the way we seem to be for second quarter here?
Christopher John Swift: Randy, 2 points. One, I think implicit in that question, the way we think about it is that net income is going to become more and more important to us as we focus in growing book value per share and ROE. So net income, as you know, over the last couple of years, has been the de minimis or negative sometimes just given the amount of hedging, so I would also have that as a first thought. The second derivative is your core earnings comment then is -- what I was trying to say before is that, yes, I believe that the growth in our go-forward businesses, our efficiency saves, expense saves, the incremental accretive capital management actions, I think we can offset Talcott's Japan's core earnings decline starting in '16.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And just -- that's very helpful. But when you say starting in '16, I'm sorry, wouldn't it start kicking in before that?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. But sort of the crossover point. What I'm saying is that the dilution, the $0.40 that you're talking about, the dilution in earnings, again, I think we could make that up over the next couple of years.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, as we work it through over like the next 18 months is kind of...
Christopher John Swift: Yes.
Sabra R. Purtill: Thank you. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We certainly appreciate your interest in The Hartford. And Shannon and I are available after the call for any follow-up questions you might have. Thanks, and goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Liam E. McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Douglas G. Elliot - President of Commercial Markets, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Andr A. Napoli - President of Consumer Markets & Enterprise Business Services and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Beth A. Bombara - President of Talcott Resolution, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee
Analysts: Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Vincent M. DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ginger, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Financial Results and Outlook Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Ginger, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us for The Hartford's 2013 financial results and 2014 outlook conference call. I would just note that our prepared comments this morning run a little bit longer than normal, so we have allowed for some extra time on the back of the call beyond 10:00 for the Q&A session. Our speakers today include Liam McGee, Chairman, President and CEO; Doug Elliot, President of Commercial Markets; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; and Chris Swift, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our executive management team are also available for the Q&A section of this call, including Beth Bombara, President of Talcott Resolution. As described on Page 2 of the slides, today's presentation includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements, and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from any forward-looking statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Also note that our presentation includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well and also in the earnings release and financial supplement. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining our earnings call. 2013 was an outstanding year for The Hartford. We executed our strategy and delivered superior results for shareholders. Heading into 2014, we have positive momentum with expanding margins in P&C and Group Benefits and improving performance in Mutual Funds. With the company's strong financial position and improved capital generation outlook, we are pleased to announce a new 2-year capital management plan, which includes $2 billion of equity repurchases and $656 million of debt repayments. As you know already, last night, we reported excellent fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. Full year core earnings increased 26% to $1.7 billion or $3.55 per diluted share. Core earnings in the P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Fund businesses increased 41% year-over-year. The increases in P&C and Group Benefits were driven by disciplined underwriting, expanding margins and lower CATs, which was a welcome reprieve after several years of elevated CAT losses. As Doug will discuss, this was the sixth consecutive quarter of 8% renewal written price increases in P&C Standard Commercial. Our pricing philosophy is unchanged, and written pricing continues to outpace loss cost trends. In Talcott Resolution, the size and risk of the annuity blocks have been significantly reduced. The number of VA contracts in Japan declined 26% in 2013, as surrenders increased due to market performance in the moneyness and aging of the block. In the U.S., the number of VA contracts declined 14%, driven by improving markets, as well as the successful ESV program. We've achieved over 90% of our $850 million expense reduction target, including cost related to the divested businesses. Plans are in place to take out the rest this year. We are instilling a culture of continuous improvement that will ensure we operate more effectively and efficiently going forward. We also prudently managed The Hartford's capital resources in 2013, reducing holding company debt by $820 million and returning a total of $856 million to shareholders, including common and preferred dividends and $633 million in equity repurchases. For 2014, The Hartford's strategy is unchanged. We are focused on driving profitable growth, further reducing risk in Talcott and increasing operational effectiveness, with the goal of continuing to deliver shareholder value. Our core earnings outlook is $1.65 billion to $1.75 billion. Adjusting for light CATs, favorable limited partnership returns and prior year development in 2013, we expect growth in earnings from P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds will offset the anticipated decline in Talcott earnings as the legacy business runs off. The Hartford is well positioned to achieve additional margin improvement in 2014. Markets are competitive, but our emphasis is on small and mid-sized businesses and individual consumers, markets where we have competitive advantages and positive momentum. We are a leader in the Small Commercial space, where our core strengths and customer value, ease of doing business and a contemporary distribution platform place us at the top of the industry. We have also added new talent to the existing Middle Market team, enabling us to diversify product offerings to complement our historic workers' compensation strength, all of which makes us a more attractive partner for agents and brokers. In Consumer Markets, our AARP Agency channel initiative further leverages our exclusive relationship with AARP and gives us a unique value proposition in the marketplace. And to build on these competitive advantages, we are investing over $1 billion through 2016 to improve our execution capabilities, including P&C underwriting and claims management. In Group Benefits, we expect the rebound in profitability to continue, driven by disciplined pricing and book management, as well as improving disability loss ratios. In addition, we are continuing to develop new products to increase The Hartford's penetration in the voluntary market. In Mutual Funds, our strong partnership with Wellington is delivering solid, long-term fund performance. Sales and assets grew in 2013, and we expect this momentum to continue. In Talcott, we will continue to focus on reducing the size and risk of the annuity blocks. Surrenders in Japan and the U.S. are expected to remain elevated, given the moneyness of the annuity contracts. Also, while global markets in 2014 have been volatile, we are well protected with the combination of our hedge program and strong balance sheet. Capital generation from the businesses will continue to supplement our financial flexibility. Our P&C businesses have consistently been dividend sources for the holding company. In addition, we expect both the Group Benefits and Mutual Fund companies to pay dividends directly to the holding company in 2014. With the significant reduction in VA risk, particularly in Japan, we also expect Talcott to begin paying dividends in 2014. Having narrowed the focus of the company, we see many opportunities to run the organization more effectively and efficiently. As Chris will detail, we will reduce the run rate of the controllable expense base by eliminating $200 million over the next 3 years from the year-end level of about $3.6 billion. So The Hartford is executing on its strategic plan and is on a clear path forward. I am very proud of how much the team has accomplished to get the company to this point, but we still have a lot of work to do. I am very optimistic and excited about The Hartford's further potential. Our goal is to achieve top-quartile financial performance, driven by growth in book value per share and ROE. And we have the strategy and execution capabilities in place to achieve this goal. Thanks again for your interest in The Hartford, and thanks for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our progress with you in 2014 and beyond. And I'll now turn the call over to Doug. Doug?
Douglas G. Elliot: Thank you, Liam, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover the 2013 highlights for P&C commercial and Group Benefits, and then share some thoughts for 2014. We finished 2013 in very strong fashion, and our overall theme remains unchanged. Significant core margin improvement across the business. For P&C commercial, 2013 was a very solid year, with $827 million of core earnings and a combined ratio of 96.1. This was an increase of $316 million from 2012, largely driven by 6.8 points of improvement in the combined ratio. The underlying combined ratio, which excludes catastrophes and prior development, was 93 for the year, representing 3.6 points of fundamental margin improvement. As always, there are many moving pieces inside our business that contribute to our aggregate result, but the final analysis demonstrates a simple fact: We made substantial progress this year in expanding underlying margins across our P&C commercial business units. While catastrophes were much lighter in 2013, we achieved real success on the front lines, where pricing and underwriting decisions are executed. Turning to the top line, our written premium of $6.2 billion was consistent with 2012. Two significant factors contributed to this outcome. First was our relentless focus on achieving pricing gains. We made difficult choices to walk away from certain accounts where we could not meaningfully improve pricing adequacy, causing our retention to suffer a bit. Second, we continued to reduce our Programs and Captives book of business, generating over $80 million of written premium year-over-year. We believe these decisions were appropriate for the loss trends and interest rate environment that have characterized the last 2 years, and our margin improvement in 2013 supports that conclusion. These actions offset top line growth in other areas. We've been encouraged by our overall new business momentum over the back half of 2013 and specifically, with 3 consecutive quarters of Middle Market written premium growth, continued success in our National Accounts business and exciting traction developing with the rollout of our new automation platform in Small Commercial. On balance, we're extremely pleased with our overall progress in the market. Let me share a few additional details with specific comments across our 4 business units, starting with Small Commercial. Small Commercial continues to be a centerpiece for our franchise. 2013 was another year of organic growth, while achieving a combined ratio of 90.6. Renewal written pricing gains of 7% for the full year more than addressed loss trends, and new business for the year was almost $0.5 billion. Many competitors in this market sector don't have an in-force block that size. Moving to Middle Market. I'm excited with our progress. We delivered dramatic improvement in margins and made deliberate incremental steps in the last 3 quarters to increase the pace of our top line. The all-in combined ratio was 98.3 for the year, and our underlying combined ratio of 95.4 has improved 7.5 points since 2011. Our renewal written pricing for the full year remains strong at 8%, achieving more on lesser performing accounts and focusing on higher retention for better performing accounts. No question, we experienced a more competitive pricing environment at the end of the year, but we continue to execute account-by-account with our deep segmentation approach. The top line in Middle Market showed positive progress during the year, benefiting from solid retention and new business production of $422 million, up 26% from 2012. Our push toward property and general liability continues, and the new business growth rate in these 2 lines outpaced workers' compensation. Of our total new business writings, workers' compensation represented 31%, a much more balanced outcome and reflection of our growing multi-line capabilities. Within Specialty Casualty, our business units experienced very divergent results. National Accounts posted a terrific year, with strong performance in both the top and bottom line. Premium retention was in excess of 90%, and strong new business success drove written premium growth of 8%. In fact, for every account loss during the year, we wrote nearly 4 new accounts; just an excellent year. Our Financial Products group also had a strong year with an all-in combined ratio in the mid-80s. The underlying combined ratio was 96, down more than 6 points from 2012. As we have discussed on previous calls, our Programs and Captives business has been under stress during 2013. Much of this pressure has centered on commercial auto and in particular, 5 programs that we have now discontinued. We will continue to refine our Programs and Captives area, but I believe we have completed the actions necessary to deal directly with the key profitability issues in the book. Now let me pivot to Group Benefits, where we had an outstanding year. Core earnings for 2013 were up over 50%. Even after adjusting for some favorable items, our earnings were well ahead of 2012 and our targets for 2013. Sales for the year hit $393 million, nearly the same as 2012. However, the fourth quarter was the third quarter in a row of increasing year-over-year sales, supporting our growing optimism as we look ahead. It's also a testament to our outstanding sales force, who have remained focus and committed to our success throughout our journey. All in, this has been a very gratifying outcome for a business that is not only a market leader, but one historically, has been a top performer here at The Hartford. So as we close the chapter on 2013, we're very encouraged, not only by our strong financial progress, but also by the strength of our underlying execution across the entire Commercial Markets franchise. Importantly, the key brokers and agents who distribute our products are sharing with me that they can sense our expanded product breadth and our disciplined yet proactive attitude in the marketplace. Let me conclude my comments with a few thoughts on 2014. First, as Liam mentioned, we're investing heavily in our capabilities as an enterprise, much of that geared to the business units of Commercial Markets. We're addressing important product development opportunities, building more efficient business platforms and creating easy-to-use technology applications for distributors, customers and employees. As an example, this year, we will begin rolling out a new claims management platform that crosses most of our P&C businesses. This investment in our future gives us greater tools to improve customer experience, manage indemnity costs and lower internal operating expenses. Second, I'm excited about our go-to-market strategy in each business unit. Our Small Commercial business is uniquely positioned with market-leading products, services and technology that enable us to deliver superior results. This year, we will roll out a new product for our commercial auto, along with the completion of our new business quoting and issuance platform, ICON. We will advance our online service capabilities, expand our distribution and deliver new value to agency partners. Our Middle Market business is well positioned to compete effectively on a multiproduct basis, announcing our historical strengths in workers' compensation with growing skills in property and general liability. During 2013, we were able to attract a number of product and underwriting professionals across all lines of business to our ranks. Now partnered with our outstanding field team, we are making our presence felt in the marketplace, feeding more effectively on accounts that might have passed us by in previous years. Specialty Commercial will build off the successful position in National Accounts. In our niche of a $1 million to $5 million accounts size, we have demonstrated a unique package of products, service and claim expertise that resonates with our customers. Few companies bring our suite of tools and the financial strength to this sector of the marketplace. Within Program and Captives, we expect to further reduce our active accounts as we move away from those that do not meet our financial or strategic goals and focus on the profitable relationships that align well with our core underwriting and claims management capabilities. And in Group Benefits, we're excited about the accelerated pace of our profit improvement, while we are investing aggressively in the products and services that are important for our future. Based on our early analysis, persistency on National and Middle Market accounts renewing in January 2014 is expected to be between 75% and 80%, a significant improvement from January 2013. This bodes well for overall book persistency throughout the year. From a marketplace perspective, we will continue our drive into voluntary capabilities and position this business to adapt to the rapidly changing benefits marketplace. Third, we're prepared for a more competitive market in 2014, particularly in the large guaranteed cost sector. Our rate adequacy has improved substantially over the past 2 years, and clearly, we have fewer accounts that need significant pricing actions. Given the level of written price increases we achieved in 2013 and our focus on maintaining pricing ahead of loss cost in '14, we believe that margins will continue to improve but to a lesser degree than the prior 2 years. We will aggressively monitor our loss trends, particularly as they may be affected by changes in the medical industry for both workers' compensation and disability. The Affordable Care Act is in its infancy, and it's nearly impossible to fully anticipate its ultimate impact on our business. Nonetheless, we're studying multiple scenarios very closely for how this legislation may change consumer, broker and medical provider behavior. We believe that both risks and opportunities will emerge, and we will be prepared to adapt accordingly. And finally, across all of Commercial Markets, we will continue to enhance our execution skills and leverage our much strengthened talent base. Over the past year, we've attracted a number of top-notch executives across all of our business units, deep experts in distribution, product management and operation. These colleagues are blending well with our strong team to build market momentum with our customer and distributor-focused go-to-market strategies. In summary, we're very pleased with our progress in 2013 and more excited than ever about our future. Let me now turn the call over to Andy Napoli.
Andr A. Napoli: Thanks, Doug, and good morning. Today, I'd like to cover Consumer Markets results for 2013 and then discuss our plans for 2014. The bottom line is we're very pleased with our 2013 results that reflect our focus on profitable growth. During the year, we expanded margins and generated higher-than-expected written premium growth. Growth was fueled by strong new business production, coupled with improved retention. Margin expansion of 2.2 points for the year was primarily driven by 5 points of favorable catastrophe results and a slight increase in underlying margins, offset by a decline in favorable prior year development. In homeowners, coming off of very favorable 2012, strong earned pricing, coupled with continued favorable frequency for both weather and non-weather claims, were more than offset by increases in severity. In auto, we're pleased with our margin expansion as our combined ratio, excluding CATs and prior year development, declined nearly 1 point, driven by expense reductions. Full year auto liability frequency for 2013 came in as expected. However, frequency for the second half of the year, impacted by higher miles-driven as the economy continued to improve, developed a bit higher than the favorable results we saw in the first half of the year. In the fourth quarter, we increased our current accident year reserves to reflect this development. Written premium growth was driven primarily by strong new business in our AARP Direct and AARP Agency channels. In other agency, new business premiums decreased 2% for the year. However, both the third and fourth quarter recorded positive growth over the comparable 2012 period. The combination of new business growth and a 1-point improvement in policy retention led to a year-over-year increase in auto policies in-force for the first time since March 2009. As we look ahead to 2014, we are pleased that AARP Direct auto ended 2013 near its combined ratio target. Going forward, our focus in this channel is to balance profit achievement and growth by pricing ahead of expected loss trends while not compromising retention. Our new auto class plan is designed to more accurately match price to risk, while simultaneously increasing our competitiveness among the 50- to 59-year-old AARP age segments. The continued implementation of our telematics program, called TrueLane, will also help attract and retain better auto risk. Going into 2014, we expect slightly negative frequency, combined with low single-digit severity to produce a mildly positive overall auto loss trends for the year and for this loss trend to be exceeded by pricing, yielding auto margin expansion. Shifting to homeowners, the primary focus here is margin expansion. While we've made good progress over the past several years, work remains to achieve profit targets in this line. In addition to high single-digit rate increases, we'll continue to evolve terms and conditions by increasing withheld deductibles in targeted states, promoting account-rounded business and tempering roof claims severity through reduced coverage product offerings. Understanding that there will be significant year-to-year variation in homeowners loss cost due to weather patterns, we expect rate increases to exceed loss trends and yield underlying margin expansion. 2014 will also include strategic investments in digital capabilities across all channels and tactical steps to enhance our other agency channel offering. Our investment in digital will greatly enhance our customer and agent self-service capabilities, with a growing focus on mobile technology. In the other agency channel, our strategy is to carefully expand our auto class plan to more accurately and competitively price an incrementally broader market, with the intent of generating additional profitable growth for consumer going forward. In closing, we're proud of the progress we made in 2013 to improve margins, expand top line growth and grow policies in-force. Our strategic objective remains unchanged: To achieve above average industry growth, while also recording an all-in combined ratio of 92. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Andy. This morning, I'll cover several topics. First, I'll quickly review 2013 results and discuss our '14 outlook, including our capital management plan for 2014 and '15. Second, I'll provide a year-end update on several important metrics for Talcott and the company, including capital margins, and finally, I'll cover our first quarter 2014 outlook. Let's begin on Slide 19. Doug and Andy have covered the results for our Commercial and Consumer Markets. Let me now briefly touch upon the other segments. Mutual Funds core earnings rose 5% in 2013, in line with our original outlook as we continue to strengthen and position this business for future growth opportunities. Retail mutual funds net flow performance improved in 2013, driven by higher sales and better distribution effectiveness, supported by solid fund performance throughout the year. Assuming normal market conditions, we expect 2014 core earnings growth of roughly 10%, driven by improved earnings in retail mutual funds, partially offset by the runoff of VA mutual funds. Turning to Talcott on Slide 20. Core earnings declined 9% in 2013, which was less than expected, attributable to higher partnership returns, lower DAC amortization and higher market levels. As Liam mentioned, we have made significant strides to reducing the size and risk of Talcott, which will enable us to begin returning capital from Talcott in the second half of 2014, initially from HLIKK, our Japan subsidiary. Talcott 2014 core earnings is expected to decline approximately $165 million or 20% from 2013 core earnings, reflecting lower fees due to higher surrenders. This outlook projects an additional 31% decline in policy counts in Japan and 12% in the U.S., which will permanently reduce risk, but will also continue to reduce earnings in 2014 and 2015. Slide 21 summarizes the Corporate segment, which includes interest, expense and other items not allocated to the businesses. In 2013, Corporate had core loses of $250 million compared with core losses of $313 million in 2012. The difference was principally due to the reduction in interest expense, as well as a net $41 million benefit from insurance recoveries, settlements and tax-related items, offset by higher incentive compensation cost in 2013. We expect corporate core losses in '14 to be approximately $270 million. Looking at full year 2013 on Slide 22. Core earnings were $1.74 billion, up 26%, reflecting improved margins, lower catastrophes and higher limited partnership returns from the prior year. For the full year, core earnings ROE was 9%, up 7% from 2012. Full year 2013 core earnings included catastrophe and other items that totaled the favorable $19 million or $0.04 per diluted share as highlighted on the slide. Excluding these items, as well as limited partnership returns in excess of 6% target, core earnings were approximately $1.65 billion, with an adjusted ROE of 8.6%. At year end, The Hartford's book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, was down slightly to $39.30 per diluted share, principally due to Japan DAC and debt tender charges we incurred in the first quarter of 2013. Book value per diluted share includes the impact of $633 million of share and warrant repurchases throughout the year. Our average common share repurchase price in 2013 was $31.20 per diluted share, about 21% below book value at the end of 2013. As Liam mentioned, 2013 was an outstanding year, with many accomplishments and strong financial performance. We are now focused on 2014 and beyond. Slide 23 summarizes our outlook announced yesterday afternoon. Our 2014 core earnings outlook is $1.65 billion to $1.75 billion. At the midpoint of this outlook, core earnings would be up approximately 4% over 2013 after reflecting the adjustments to 2013 results. Now CATs core earnings are expected to decline by approximately $165 million, which we expect will be offset by core earnings growth from the rest of the businesses. Our 2014 outlook translates into a core ROE in the range of 8.7% to 9.2%. During 2013, we achieved significant progress on our expense reduction targets, including expenses associated with the businesses sold, eliminating about 90% of the $850 million goal with the rest to be taken out this year. We are now focused on the next phase of our expense initiatives aimed towards reducing controllable insurance and other operating expenses. Adjusted for the Catalyst 360 sale, we ended 2013 with an annual run rate expenses of $3.62 billion. We plan to reduce this base by approximately $200 million by the end of 2016, which is about a 5% reduction. To achieve this increased efficiency, we are simplifying and improving processes, enabled by the approximate $1 billion investment in new systems and capabilities over the next 3 years. Our 2014 outlook includes a catastrophe load of about 4.7 points on the P&C combined ratio compared to 3.2 points actual in 2013. Our outlook does not include prior year P&C loss reserve development, with the exception of the accretion of discount on workers' compensation reserves. With respect to investments, the pretax portfolio yield is expected to decline from 4.3% to 4.1% in 2014. This is largely due to lower assumed returns on limited partnerships and alternative investments, which are 6% compared to the 10% realized in 2013. Finally, our forecast assumes equity repurchases totaling approximately $1 billion. The actual impact of these share repurchases on weighted average diluted shares will depend on the purchase price over the course of the year. For modeling purposes, we are estimating a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 468 million shares. The company's capital resources and financial flexibility have remained strong over the last year even after our significant capital management actions in 2013. Last night, we announced a new $2.656 billion capital management plan for 2014 and '15, which is summarized on Slide 24. We intend to repurchase $2 billion of equity over this 2-year period and plan to repay $656 million of maturing debt in 2014 and '15. This plan allows us to continue our balanced capital management programs, targeted at equity repurchases and paying down debt. Funding for this share repurchase and debt repayment program will come from increased dividends from our operating subsidiaries, including P&C, Group Benefits, Mutual Funds and Talcott. Our current outlook is for total dividends to the holding company of approximately $1.2 billion in 2014. Included in this outlook is about $150 million from HLIKK, Talcotts Japan subsidiary, which is expected to occur in the second half of 2014. Looking ahead, we expect additional dividends from both Talcott's U.S. and Japan operations in 2015. We'd now like to update some key data on Talcott end capital similar to the metrics from our April Investor Day. Slide 25 provides an update of the market consistent value or economic value of our 2 VA blocks. We use this metric to measure the risk and the economic value of the VA blocks. It does not represent the market value of the blocks a willing buyer and seller would agree upon. Details on the methodology for MCV can be found in the appendix. Let me summarize a few key points about the change in MCV over the period. First, as of December 31, 2013, the MCV for the 2 blocks is an asset of $1.7 billion compared to a liability of $500 million at the end of March 2013. Second, the MCV improvement was largely driven by market factors, adding $2.9 billion to the MCV, offset by approximately $800 million in fees that we collected and recorded as revenue during the year. Third, the MCV calculation does not include hedge results. During the last 3 quarters of 2013, hedge losses offset approximately 80% of the MCV improvement, consistent with our hedging approach and targets. This slide also shows the comparison of MCV results to statutory reserves. The reserves and surplus backing these blocks provide substantial resources as these risks run-off. Of note, the Japan VA retained business in HLIKK is lapsing more quickly than expected, which lowers risk levels, resulting in the HLIKK balance sheet being much stronger today. This has allowed us to adjust downward our hedging targets for the exposure retained in the Japan legal entity. Although MCV is the principal methodology we use to value and hedge the VA blocks, we understand that many investors like to see cash flows specific to each of our deterministic scenarios. Slide 26 summarizes the base case scenario. In this scenario, the net present value of cash flows is $3.0 billion. Beginning on Slide 34 in the appendix, we show cash flows for updated favorable and stress scenarios that reflect 2013 experience in market levels. The net cash flows improved in each scenario from those we presented in April, although not to the same extent in each case. As a reminder, a high level of 2013 surrenders reduced future fees in each scenario and have a similar impact on future claims and hedging costs. The key point for both the MCV and cash flow scenarios is the positive embedded value in the VA blocks, which can be harvested over time, along with the associated capital and return to the holding company as the blocks run off. Turning to Slide 27. As of December 31, our capital resources totaled $17.7 billion, an increase of $1.1 billion from the prior period. Life surplus, including HLIKK surplus, was about $7.8 billion and the capital margins remained strong with an estimated RBC ratio of 450% in the Hartford Life and Accident group. We have received formal approval from the Connecticut Department of Insurance to complete the Group Benefits' legal entity separation project, including the movement of cash and subsidiaries, which will be completed in March of this year. No holding company resources are needed for this separation. Slide 28 provides an update on our capital margins using the same scenarios from the cash flow projections. Capital margins in the base, favorable and stress scenarios all remained strong, with the base case margin estimated at $7.6 billion at the end of 2015. These margins assume the full execution of the 2014 and '15 capital management plans in all the scenarios. Capital margin represents the excess of AA capital for the P&C company, and 400% RBC for the Group Benefits company. The target for U.S. Talcott entities is 325% RBC. The holding company liquidity is targeted at approximately 1.5x annual interest in dividends. As you can see, our capital margins remained strong in all these scenarios. In the stress scenario, we have $2 billion of capital margin even after full execution of the capital plan, with Talcott remaining capital self-sufficient. Before turning to your questions, let me provide a brief summary of our first quarter outlook, which is on Slide 29. Our core earnings outlook for the first quarter of 2014 is $450 million to $475 million, or $0.94 to $0.99 per diluted share. This outlook assumes catastrophe losses of $57 million, after tax, and prior-year development only for the accretion of discount on workers' compensation reserves. I would note that our CAT experience through the end of January was still within our outlook, and we feel good about our CAT budget for the first quarter, but there are 2 months to go. Finally, core earnings outlook for Talcott is in the range of $160 million to $170 million. To wrap up, let me summarize some of the key comments Liam, Doug and Andy made in their remarks. 2013 was an outstanding year for The Hartford, with strong financial results and significant progress made in the company's strategy to grow profitably, P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds. Talcott made exceptional progress during 2013, with a significant reduction in VA risk exposure. And finally, based on our progress in 2013 and momentum headed into 2014, our capital resources and financial flexibility continue to strengthen, enabling us to return a significant amount of capital to shareholders in 2014 and 2015. Now, I'll turn the call over to Sabra to begin the Q&A session. Sabra?
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. We have about 30 minutes for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Ginger, could you please give the Q&A instructions again?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of questions for you. First, with your first quarter outlook, I noticed there really was no mention of higher CAT losses, and given all the weather and some of the warnings by some other companies,. I wonder if you could comment on that. and what the potential impact on the Hartford could be.
Christopher John Swift: Brian, it's Chris. As I said in my comments, we've looked at January results, we still feel good about our CAT assumptions for the full first quarter. January's CATs were maybe a little elevated from normal, but still, we feel good about the overall budget for the first quarter. As it relates to the non-CAT weather, Doug might be able to comment a little bit. But there was really nothing unusual in our book of business, whether it be commercial or personal lines that we're seeing in the first month of January. But, Doug, any additional color?
Douglas G. Elliot: Well, Chris, I think you hit it. As I look at the balance in January, we know it's a colder month, but I think we're within our general norms, and we'll continue to work our way through the rest of the quarters. So I don't see anything really that is so significant we should comment on.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then second question for Doug. I'm just curious, you talked about preparing for some increased competition here going into 2014. However, if I look at your renewal rate activity, you seem to be holding in there better than most of the other competitors. I wonder if you could kind of comment on that and why you think that is.
Douglas G. Elliot: I guess, a few thoughts for you, Brian. One is, I would remind you, we have a big Small Commercial book of business, and that has performed well. It's been a steady component of our business that's here for a long time, and that rate performance is very solid for an extended period. Secondly, in prior calls, we worked hard at our auto line of business and the auto line is still achieving and taking rate, and given some of our profit dynamics, we think that is exactly the direction we need to head. And through it all, we were pleased with the fourth quarter. I did point to the fact that my view is at the end of the fourth quarter, things got a bit more competitive. But I look at 2013 across-the-board, I looked at overall performance in the fourth quarter, I'm very pleased with the progress we made.
Operator: Okay, your next question is from Vincent DeAugustino from KBW.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Switch gears a little bit on Personal Auto. So just noticed the prior quarter or current accident year frequency adjustments stemming from the higher second quarter '13 estimates. And I'm just wondering if that's all 3Q '13-related, or perhaps if there's sort of late reported claim that are popping up that might be causing the adjustment?
Andr A. Napoli: Vince, this is Andy. So first, I'll say that is a normal part of our process to make current accident year reserve adjustments throughout the course of the year, as we see emerging trends in frequency or severity for auto liability. So occasionally, liability frequency can exhibit some volatility from quarter-to-quarter. And so ultimately for 2013, auto liability frequency ended right about where we expected at the beginning of the year. Just sort of the way it played out was that the first of the year, we saw some favorability and then in the second half, we saw some unfavorability and we booked that in the fourth quarter. So you're seeing a full year impact all getting booked in the fourth quarter.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just switching over to the Mutual Funds business. So it seems like you have really strong fund performance and we had good market performance for the ICI fund flows were positive. But you guys' retail fund flows were still a little troublesome. So I'm just curious of your thoughts on improving that and whether if you feel this is a distribution hurdle or if there's anything else that's holding back the business because all is equal it seems, like the performance there is pretty solid.
Christopher John Swift: Vincent, it's Chris. Jim Davey, if he were here today, he had a prior commitment with his Mutual Fund Board. He would answer it along the lines of -- He really is positive about 2014. We do think we could have net positive flows for all of '14. We would look back in '13. We had good, decent performance from our partner, Wellington. We also did have maybe 2 major accounts, 401(k)-type money that rolled off. We did shut down now since our money market fund and roll those assets to another new provider. So was it a couple of a one-time items, but overall, we do think we could begin to grow net fund flows in 2014.
Operator: The next question is from our Erik Bass from Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just hoping if you could talk a little bit more within your capital plan, what you're assuming for dividends from Talcott in 2014 and 2015? I know you mentioned specifically the Japan target, but given the ability to request a special dividend from the U.S. block in 2014? And I guess, if not, what's preventing you from taking capital out, given the significant lapsation you're seeing.
Liam E. McGee: Erik, in a high level, and I'm sure Chris may want to give you more perspective. As Chris noted, we'll take out from HLIKK this year and next year, and we do intend to have an extraordinary dividend out of the U.S. in 2015. Obviously, that will require regulatory approvals. I think it's premature for us to comment in more than it is our intent to do so. And as we work through that process, we'll give you more details. Chris?
Christopher John Swift: I would say, Erik, in addition to Liam's points, just the context of Talcott's capital return, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are taking out, I'll call it, to the holding company $1.2 billion of cash flow. And really, some of those cash flow resources are from old Talcott operations, whether it be Mutual Fund or Group Benefits. So we plan to take out roughly $70 million of dividends from Mutual Funds next year, $100 million from Group Benefits. So in a way, we think Talcott's already contributing. As we said, Japan is coming online with dividend distributions. We expect, I would say $150 million to $200 million over the next 4 or 5 years on average to come out of Japan. As Liam said, we have some things that to still do in the U.S. And really what I mean is, I want to get completed that legal entity separation. We are beginning work on collapsing White River REIT, our Vermont captive into the ILA, and then we'll approach the regulators in the second half of the year and have that discussion, that multi-year discussion, on what we think is an appropriate funding source coming out of the remaining 2 U.S. life legal entities for Talcott. So I think we have a plan, and I think we've been executing it pretty well and we're very confident that, particularly in '15, increased cash flows will come out of Talcott.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's helpful color. And just -- could you provide an update on the stack capital levels to the different blocks within Talcott similar to what you gave in April?
Christopher John Swift: I think what our plan is, we'll do that at the first quarter once we complete the legal entity separation and just have, I'll call it, the new structure lock down and just present it to you there. So I would say that there is nothing dramatically changed from the April presentation, but we'll update you first quarter.
Operator: The next question is from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A question on the current year reserve adjustment in the auto side. Can you quantify that just so we can get a good sense of what the underlying numbers look like there?
Andr A. Napoli: Sure. It was 2.6 points on the quarter. And then for the year for auto, it was about just over a half point.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: With ownership on the auto...
Andr A. Napoli: On the auto, right.
Operator: The next question is from John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I'm curious on the outlook for the runoff of the Japanese variable annuity block. It looks like you're expecting the surrender rate will remain somewhere around that 30% level in 2014. Obviously, we've had some very early 2014 market weakness and yen movement. I'm just wondering if that 30% outlook takes into account the more recent market activity or is there some risk that, that surrender rate comes lower.
Liam E. McGee: John, I'll have Beth comment in more detail. But I'll remind you that even at a yen of 101 and the topics where it is now, we're really back where we were just a few months ago when the redemption rate, what it is, right -- the lapse rate, I should say, is similar to what it is right now. So with that context, Beth, do you want to give more details?
Beth A. Bombara: Yes. I would agree. So where we are right now, what we saw in January, our surrender rates were pretty much in line with what we would have expected. January is typically a little bit slower just because of a lot of holidays and so forth. And the other thing, 2 other points just to keep in mind is, one, the funds backing the account value in Japan, about 40% of that is allocated to equities and of that, half of it is to Japan equities. So it's not all linked to what were seeing in the Japan equity movements. And then secondly, we do have a very significant amount of account value that starts to come up to the annuitization, the annuity commencement date in 2014, about $2 billion worth of account value. And most of that account value at the end of the year was above 110% of the guarantee amount. So very significant amount out of the money, and our experience has been that, for contracts that come to the annuity commencement date, if they're out of the money, we see a very high number of those choosing to take the lump sum. So if you put all of those factors together, we still feel good about our surrender rates assumption for the year.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That's excellent color. And then, Chris, maybe just a clarification on your Slide #28 that talks about the capital margins. So, at the end of 2015, if the base scenario comes to 4, that $7.6 billion is effectivity your excess capital at The Hartford above those requirements for P&C Group and Talcott?
Christopher John Swift: I think, John, it's our definition of capital margin, we've never, call it, quantified it per se as excess, because excess then would take into account which is really deployable. And, as you know, I mean, particularly for the Life group, we're still in the U.S. Life group in an extraordinary dividend land. It can't be readily turned into cash. So that's the only nuance. But, yes, I think you should think about capital margins as a buffer above our AA targets, our 400% RBC, particularly in Group Benefits as a healthy margin. And we would manage that over time.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I assume this really goes to supporting the dialogue that you guys expect to have with some of the insurance regulators around this sort of multi-year dividend planning?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I mean, obviously, we share all our data with all our constituencies, whether it be regulators, agencies, as the like. I think the only other thought, John, just on that base number, I mean, that's the margin at the ATCOS, plus the holding company liquidity. And we do have targets that are roughly 2x annual the interest in dividend, so that would be, in essence, the subtraction from a deployable capital number also.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just to -- just one last point on this. Given how much that capital margin moves, especially under the stress scenario, I guess it's fair to assume that most of that capital margin is -- resides in Talcott, given Talcott would probably be the piece that requires more capital under that stress scenario?
Liam E. McGee: Remember, we've always said, that we're managing Talcott to remain capital self-sufficient, and Talcott is in this scenario. The actual breakdown of that $2 billion is, there's $1 billion at the holding company, because we're always solving for a minimum liquidity at the holding company, and P&C's got $600 million and Life group has $400 million. So those are the components of the $2 billion capital margin in the stress.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Finkelstein from Evercore.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Maybe start with Chris. Chris, for 2014, what is the economic cost of hedging that you are assuming? And what I mean is that, kind of a number that falls below the line, if markets operate the way you expect them to.
Christopher John Swift: I would say on the hedging, in general, we have a context right. Markets moved dramatically in 2013 and maybe we could talk about the cost of the hedging program in general over the life of the block as it runs off. But the answer to your specific question, I mean, Talcott, you would assume roughly $225 million of after-tax hedge losses recorded in realized losses. I translate that into -- from our core ROE to a net income ROE, that's about a 1 point cost of that hedge program. I think on the overall cost, we may able to provide some updates, and I'll compare and contrast. So I always start with Japan. In prior years, we talked about 200 basis points of cost. You see sort of a run rate cost going forward, primarily because the market moves so dramatically where they are today with about 70 basis points. U.S., that 40 basis points on average now is around 30 basis points. And then from a macro program, I would have you think of our spend going forward of roughly $75 million.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And that's all after -- or pretax, right?
Christopher John Swift: The basis points was after-tax and then the spend $75 million was a pretax number.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. So after-tax on the 70 and 30. Okay. Just on the dividend out of P&C group in Mutual Funds, did you back off the $1.50 billion at Talcott, it's $1.50 billion. Is there any reason to think that, that number shouldn't kind of trend with earnings? Is there anything that would drive it up above the earnings or perhaps below in terms of that kind of capital release?
Christopher John Swift: I think that's a pretty decent trend. The way we think about it more importantly is what is -- what is distributable earnings, sort of the statutory income or GAAP income on our Mutual Fund operation. What do we need from a holding company side, considering the growth in the investments, that Doug and Andy in the go-forward businesses need it to make. But that's how we think about sort of the growth sources of flows and then what we would take up to the holding company, and what I described for 2014 is what we're taking up the holding company in '14.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one final quick one if I may. Doug, what is your expectation around lost trend in Standard Commercial for '14 if maybe a directly comparable number to the 8% rate increase that you showed in the fourth quarter?
Douglas G. Elliot: Mark, I would say that in our planning for '14, we're expecting loss trend to be about where it was in '13. So, from a loss trend perspective, single digits generally across all lines, we've had some good news on the frequency side and workers' compensation, and auto, the auto line has been a little warmer than the overall rest of the book. But generally, '14 in line with '13.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And just remind me, what, like, 4% range, 3%?
Douglas G. Elliot: Yes. Yes. 3.5% to 4% is a good point to be at.
Operator: Your next question is from Jay Gelb from Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to touch base on the Talcott outlook initially. In the slide, it says continued VA surrenders will lead to further core earnings reduction in 2015 for Talcott. I was trying to get a sense of magnitude on that.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. I mean, I think the way to think about it is in relation to AUM. Contracts will decline, but then, your market factors in forces can increase that, but on your earnings fees kind of called higher asset base, per policy basis. So that's sort of the calculus. I think in terms of just roughly numbers, I would expect in '15, Talcott decline another $125 million to $150 million after-tax.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: $125 million to $150 million?
Christopher John Swift: Correct.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Second point is on the overall or, let's say, core return on equity. Around 9% in 2014. Tell us how you plan to get that into double digits.
Christopher John Swift: A lot of hard work. To me, it starts with, and I'm looking at Doug and Andy and the business leaders. I mean, we're going to, as Liam said, the strategy is to profitably grow the go-forward businesses as Talcott shrinks. And you can see what we think is a prudent capital management plan, focused on equity and debt. That philosophy will continue. You add in sort of the expense efficiency targets. And we think 10% is on the horizon. It will take a lot of work, but we still feel comfortable in growing ROE in the 40 basis points plus or minus annually going forward, through earnings growth, through accretive capital management plans and driving more efficiency into the organization.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And the debt retirement, Chris, by our estimates, you should get to that 23% range, debt to capital ex-AOCI by the end of 2015. Does that mean that debt retirement should pretty much be complete by the end of '15?
Christopher John Swift: Jay, I'd like to execute our '14 and '15 plans and we'll talk a lot about '16 and beyond. But I've always said we would like to get into low 20s. I always defined low 20s as 22%. And obviously, improving our coverage ratios and when we get our targets, we could then start to think about a different approach, or will it be '15 or '16, I mean, know that we're trying to get to our targets.
Operator: Your next question is from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Chris, I wanted to come back to question on Talcott. And if I heard you correctly in response to Mark's question, your hedging costs are going to be going down. So can you talk about whether you expect Talcott to generate meaningful capital, assuming your base plan for market expectations? And if so, how much? And also, I know you're focused on core earnings, but I know net income has been very weak on that block. Is that getting better or worse, factoring in the cost of hedging?
Christopher John Swift: I think, 2 points. On your first one on the surplus, I do expect both Life and P&C to generate a couple of $100 million of surplus after dividends next year. So, we think Talcott specifically can begin to generate surplus based from the net income side. That's why we try to frame it at that $225 million after-tax, that's assuming markets grow 4% and rates follow our trend. And basically, FX remains stable. So I would say, if that's the market condition, we're printing less hedging losses so that there is less of a difference between core and net income. And I tried to frame it as that 1 point ROE difference right now based on our hedging cost going forward.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then also, I just want to get a better handle on the way you guys are thinking about valuing this business, because I was just a little confused thinking about the $2.2 billion increase in market consistent value and then the $3 billion of NPV of cash flow positives. And then contrasting that with the 80% offset from hedge losses. So I understand there's capital, that we can put a value on capital depending on how quickly it gets returned. But then there's the valuing the cash flows and the business itself. How do you think about it, taking those 3 other data points that I just mentioned if you can help reconcile those?
Christopher John Swift: No. I mean, you're describing a classic actuarial valuation, right? Value of the block of business, assets and liabilities and the value of the surplus, but we think about it is the same way. I think my comments in my script was trying to lead you to conclude that MCV would not be a transaction value because a willing buyer and seller would have to negotiate, but it is sort of a risk-neutral value that helps build the foundation for your thinking in any potential transaction.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So Chris, sorry, just to follow-up on that. So I would start with 100% of surplus size, I assume, and add, on top of that, market consistent value of 2.2 and then adjust that based, to your point, based on the bid-ask spread from a buyer and seller, if you want to think about it along those terms. But then would I then adjust that downward by 80% considering hedge losses or am I hitting that too hard considering the impact to the hedge losses?
Christopher John Swift: I think you're going to think in terms of the hedge losses, those printed hedge losses are reading results, right? I mean, we booked them as realized losses, so it's in surplus already. So I would say you're already have accounted for it in your reconciliations. And Tom, I'd love doing this with you, but why don't you and Sabra visit, and if you want a little help on any thoughts on the model, we could talk to you off line.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Giovanni from Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, question on the U.S. VA book. Obviously, lapse has slowed. I know you touched there. I think recently you talked about the possibility of exploring another ESV program. So can you talk maybe where we stand with that? And maybe why or is that still a focus given where NAR stands today?
Liam E. McGee: Well, Beth will give you her views on that, Chris. I think the ESV performance played out as we said it would. And so now, Beth can give her perspectives on what if anything else things that she's thinking about.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, thanks, Liam. So currently, in the plan we have right now, we have built in an expectation of doing an offer related to our fixed annuity book. And our plan includes about $30 million of cost associated with that, so it's sort of the next evolution of offerings that we're looking at. Beyond that, the team continues to look if there are other, again as we talked about in the past, sort of nearly focused parts of the business that we would look to. So you should expect that we'll continue to look for that. And as our plans in that area firm up, we will share them with you.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, you obviously give us a look in terms of buybacks through January. But wondering how we should think about kind of the cadence of buybacks here over the next couple of years. Will you be optimistic around price or would it be fairly balanced on a quarterly basis?
Christopher John Swift: Chris, I think the way we think about it is $1 billion $1 billion first order, and then we do want to be stable and consistent and prudent, but we'll look at buying opportunities. And in fact, I can just give you an update through yesterday, we had purchased $151 million of shares back in through January, and then first business day of February. So we're been opportunistic when we see it, but we also want to be stable and steady, too.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one last quick one. Liam, you talked about in terms of one of the approaches for long term value, top quartile growth in book value, and how should we think about that just in terms of if you were to be executing on transactions within Talcott that could potentially reduce GAAP book value? I mean, is that a focus or is that just studying economics in terms of thinking about what that would do versus your translation of GAAP book value?
Liam E. McGee: I want to clarify my statement, was that we want to be a top quartile company as measured by total shareholder return over trend. We think that will be driven, we have conviction that, that will be driven by growing book value. And as Chris discussed earlier, increasing our ROE. Obviously, if we were to seriously consider a transaction, we would do what was economic. And as I've always said, we take a look at the purchase price, the amount of capital that could be released versus what our view is of the underlying economics. And that will really inform our decision as opposed to, if you will, solving to a book value answer per se. I will certainly be part of the equation, we're well aware of that. But I think the longer-term view that I'm trying to impart is we are focused on being a top quartile CSR company. We know that will be driven by prudent growth to book value, as well as an increase in ROE, and I think I've given you a consistent frame of reference for how we might view a potential transaction.
Operator: And, Ginger, I think we have time for one more question. I think Chris, had a quick follow-up to Tom Gallagher's question on hedge cost first.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Tom, it's Chris. Actually, I think it was Mark that I probably misspoke just a little bit. The 70 and 30 basis points we're hedging for Japan and the U.S. are pretax numbers, consistent with the $75 million spend, which is also a pretax number. So sorry if I confused.
Sabra Purtill: Ginger, can we have just the next question or the last question, please?
Operator: Yes, ma'am. Your final question comes from Bob Glasspiegel from Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Question on whether I'm thinking about Talcott correctly. It seems like 2013 was a nirvana environment with the U.S. stock market up, Japan up, weakening yen, higher interest rates, good for sort of operating results, good for our balance sheet, bad for hedging. We certain reverse those dynamics in the first quarter, yet you have Talcott's sort of earning more than a quarter of the full year earnings. So I just want to make sure that the guidance sort of fully reflects the 255 10-year and the other impacts of the yen, and the Nikkei, et cetera.
Liam E. McGee: Thanks, Bob. For the question again, Beth and Chris may have their own context. I remind you that yen/dollar on TOPIX/Nikkei are really back where they were just a few months ago. So, well above what we started last year wasn't even at the end of the first quarter. So let's be sure we have that context. So I'd turn over to Chris and Beth for any additional comments you might want to make to Bob's question.
Beth A. Bombara: No. Again, I think that we've taken all those into consideration, and the guidance that we've provided and reflecting the surrender activity that we saw during 2013, kind of our starting point for 2014, and the expectation that we have goes for surrender activity, as well as the impact of the annuitizations that begin in Japan.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it's just when I saw the year end 10-year at 220 -- 320, which has a pretty big grade up from where we are today. I didn't know if that reflected a feeling that this is just a blip in the 10-year, something that you're managing.
Christopher John Swift: Bob, it's Chris. I think the way we thought about our overall plan is that those were our point estimates. I think the ranges that we have around a lot of -- our data provides enough sensitivity for different market conditions. Interest rates, U.S. interest rates and sort of the returns on the assets that back those Japan liabilities aren't directly correlated. So, as we said, at the point estimate, I think at $570 million of core earnings for Talcott, where we sit here today, we still think that's our best estimate, knowing some of the market noise that even happened during the last few weeks.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, and thank you all for joining us for the call today. We appreciate your taking the extra time that we took today for the call. And if you have any follow-up questions, Sean and I are available after the call. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Liam E. McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Douglas G. Elliot - President of Commercial Markets, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Andr A. Napoli - President of Consumer Markets & Enterprise Business Services and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Beth A. Bombara - President of Talcott Resolution, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee
Analysts: Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Hartford Third Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. Our speakers today include Liam McGee, Chairman, President and CEO; Doug Elliot, President of Commercial Markets; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; and Chris Swift, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our executive management team are available for the Q&A section of this call, including Beth Bombara, President of Talcott Resolution; and Jim Davey President of Hartford Mutual Funds. As described on Page 2 of the slides, today's presentation includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements, and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from any forward-looking statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Finally, please note our presentation includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the earnings release and financial supplement. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The Hartford delivered very good third quarter results, with core earnings up 17% to $505 million or $1.03 per diluted share. This performance reflects the significant progress we've made transforming The Hartford. This quarter, we saw strong execution in our go-forward businesses and an acceleration of Talcott Resolution's runoff, further reducing the overall risk profile of the company. With this performance year-to-date, we expect full year 2013 results to exceed the outlook provided during our April Investor Day. In P&C Commercial, Doug and his team are executing on their strategies to improve margins. Written premiums rose 1% overall, with growth of 2% in both Small Commercial and Middle Market. Strong pricing gains of 8% in Standard Commercial lines were consistent with the prior 4 quarters and included increases of 9% in both Middle Market worker's compensation and property. For the quarter, the combined ratio was 93.3, excluding CATs and prior year development, 4.2 points better than the prior year. Profitability in workers' compensation has improved dramatically over the past 2 years, as you can see in our Middle Market results. I am encouraged by our continued success in the Middle Market in broadening product reach across workers' compensation, property and general liability, which is providing new growth opportunities for us. Recent feedback from key distribution partners at the CIAB Annual Meeting confirmed our forward momentum in the P&C Commercial marketplace. We have meaningfully improved profitability in Group Benefits, with core earnings margin rising to 3.9% this quarter, driven primarily by improved disability loss ratios and pricing actions. I am confident in the favorable underlying profit trends of the business and pleased to see 2 consecutive quarters of new sales growth. Consumer Markets also had a successful quarter, expanding underlying margins and growing written premium by 3% over the prior year. The combined ratio, excluding CATs and prior year development, improved to 91.1, more than 2 points better than the prior year period. Andy and his team have repriced this book of business and our position to balance growth and margin expansion going forward. I'm also pleased that, in September, we extended the AARP partnership by 3 years to January of 2023. Mutual Funds is trending in a positive direction, with solid fund performance and sales growth of 35% for the quarter. In Talcott Resolution, Beth and her team continue to reduce the size and the risk of the legacy annuity blocks. The Japan VA block is in a fundamentally different place today than a year ago. Over the past year, 18% of Japan VA contracts have surrendered. In the third quarter, the annualized surrender rate remained elevated at 31%. This is a permanent and meaningful reduction in the risk of that block. In the U.S., the full VA surrender rate increased, again in the third quarter to 20%, driven by rising markets and policyholder initiatives like the Enhanced Surrender Value program. Over the past year, 14% of U.S. VA policies have surrendered. We continue to evaluate potential transactions that can permanently transfer these exposures and accelerate a release of capital. There is a growing interest in the marketplace for runoff blocks of annuity liabilities. We would pursue those transactions that are attractive in terms of sales price and the capital that would be released compared to the underlying economic value of the business. We are executing our capital management plan, with $241 million of equity securities repurchased in the third quarter and $408 million through the third quarter since announcing the program in February. As additional capital becomes available over time, we will take accretive capital management actions to create value for shareholders. The Hartford has undergone a significant transformation. The company is more focused with a reduced overall risk profile. The go-forward business' performance is improving, and we are well positioned to generate higher returns for shareholders. We are on track to have a successful 2013 with momentum carrying over into 2014. I am very thankful for the hard work and dedication of all my Hartford teammates. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Doug, who will review Commercial Markets results.
Douglas G. Elliot: Thank you, Liam, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover our P&C Commercial and Group Benefits results for the third quarter of 2013. I'll also provide some insight on various initiatives. I'm pleased to share that our core margin gains continued during the third quarter. Our execution remains steady and consistent, with margin improvement being the focus across-the-board. Let's begin on Slide 5. P&C Commercial had a combined ratio for the quarter of 98.1. Our results included continued solid underwriting improvement year-over-year, with our current accident quarter loss ratio, excluding catastrophes, at 63.4, 5.4 points lower than 2012. Year-to-date, we posted a 63.1 loss ratio, 3.2 points lower than the same period last year, demonstrating the strong underlying improvement in our margins. This quarter saw $48 million or 3.1 points of CAT losses. Of that total, $19 million is attributable to current quarter events, with the balance due to increased estimates on late-May wind and hail storms that affected Texas and other regions in the Southwest. Across commercial lines, we also strengthened our prior year reserves by $26 million. This change reflects releases in workers' compensation, general liability and Storm Sandy, offset by an $86 million addition to commercial auto. A significant portion of our adverse development in auto occurred in our Programs business, which I'll describe more fully in a moment. We also added modestly to our auto reserves in Small Commercial and Middle Market to address the general rise in bodily injury severity trends we've seen across the marketplace. Overall, our combined ratio for the quarter, excluding CATs and prior year development, stands in very good shape at 93.3, 4.2 points lower than the third quarter of 2012. Year-to-date, we've improved 2.9 points to 93.2 versus the same period in 2012. Let's move to Slide 6. Written premiums of $1.6 billion were up 1% in the quarter. Small Commercial and Middle Market were both up 2%, with Specialty down 4%, primarily related to profit improvement actions in our Programs and Captive businesses. Written pricing and Standard Commercial remained very solid for the quarter at 8%, generally consistent with prior quarters and well ahead of loss cost trends. The components of overall pricing shifted slightly, with Small Commercial auto up a point to 7% from 6% and workers' compensation in Middle Market declining to 9% from 10%. All in, I'm pleased with our ability to maintain this pace of consistent pricing gains, given that we still have more work ahead before we achieve our target returns. Let me now share some specific thoughts about each of our 3 P&C Commercial business segments, starting with our market-leading Small Commercial franchise on Slide 7. Written premiums of $740 million were up 2% in the quarter. Retention and pricing remain very steady, and new business of $115 million was up 6% versus third quarter of 2012. Our market momentum in Small Commercial has picked up over the last 4 to 5 months. We continue to see very positive returns from the rollout of our new quoting platform, ICON, for our business owner's policy. Feedback from our agent partners tell us that we've hit a home run here. Average quote time for a new policy is down to 5 minutes or less. Quote flow is up 10% in the quarter and our yield ratio is improving as well. We've embedded new support tools, increased our straight-through processing flow and delivered a world-class user experience to our agents. We now have both workers' compensation and our business owner's policy on this platform, and we'll complete the full product suite next year when we roll out commercial auto. To conclude on Small Commercial, our returns in this business continue to be excellent, with an all-in combined ratio for the quarter of 92.4, and 87.1 excluding CATs and prior year development. Moving to Slide 8. Our Middle Market segment also had a strong performance, with current accident quarter combined ratio, excluding CATs, of 95.9. Margins continued to improve while we're deepening our market penetration and target segments. Top line was up 2% in the quarter on the back of strong written pricing gains at 8%, well ahead of our loss cost trends. And new business premiums at $107 million were up 24% compared to 2012. We're encouraged by improving retention in this business segment. Policy count retention moved up slightly and premium retentions are also improving to stronger historical levels. This is a result of a much healthier book of business in the Middle Market after aggressive reunderwriting actions these last 2 years. Reviewing our trends, much of the heavy lifting is behind us from an underwriting perspective. However, we've not backed off from our segmentation actions to correct pricing on underperforming accounts, but the good news is that we have fewer of them today. All-in, another quarter of strong progress for Middle Market. On Slide 9, the performance of our Specialty businesses remains mixed. Success in national accounts continues, with written premium growth of 15% in the quarter. Rate levels remain consistent and we're pleased with our execution. Turning to our Programs business, we are disappointed at the further deterioration to our results. We recorded a $60 million addition through our auto liability reserve this quarter, largely in connection with 5 transportation programs. Over the past year, we've exited 4 of the 5 transportation programs, and we will discontinue writing new and renewal business on the final program effective January 1, 2014. Earned premium from these transportation programs will decline rapidly as expiring business moves to other insurance markets throughout 2014. We did not react quickly enough to the early signs of adverse trends in this book. Our profit actions have increased significantly in speed and intensity over the past 6 months. I'm confident that we are addressing the areas that have caused these adverse financial outcomes. More importantly, I'm confident that we're building a data-driven risk management culture that will act with greater speed and decisiveness moving ahead. Let me now shift over to Group Benefits business summarized on Slide 10, which had an outstanding quarter. We've been very disciplined in our management actions and the results are clearly paying off. Core earnings for the quarter were up 57% over prior year, achieving an after-tax margin of 3.9%. Year-to-date, core earnings are up 66% over 2012, driving an after-tax margin improvement of 1.7 points. Our improved core earnings are largely attributable to a lower disability loss ratio, which came in at 87.9% for the quarter, favorable to last year by 3.6 points. We've commented previously that our claim recoveries were improving across our long-term disability book and this trend continued in quarter 3. In particular, actual recoveries for accident years '11 and '12 have emerged better than our previous expectations. This has caused us to update our reserve assumptions for claim recoveries in accident years '12 and prior, which contributed to our loss ratio improvement in the quarter. This also gives us high confidence in our projection for accident year 2013 and confirms that we're making great progress on our pricing and claim initiatives. Heading to the favorable outlook, we're encouraged by continued signs of declining incidence rates. As you recall, incidence rates have been stable for several years but at historically elevated levels. As our 2012 data has matured, and now with a very early look at 2013, we have continued to see a modest but consistent decrease in incidence rates, approaching levels more in line with long-term patterns. Looking to both recovery and incident trends, we believe they established a strong profit driver for us moving forward. Shifting to the top line. This is the second consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in new sales, posting $63 million this quarter, up 15% from 2012 as conditions in certain sectors of the new business marketplace have improved. We're also working aggressively on our January 2014 renewal block, which is particularly important for the National Accounts segment. We're maintaining our disciplined approach to pricing and underwriting on our multiyear contracts. Our execution on renewals and new sales, in conjunction with favorable emerging trends in our book of business, indicate that we are well along our journey to achieve target profitability levels. Stepping back from the details, this was a solid quarter for Commercial Markets. Our performance was consistent with the strong start in the first half of 2013, and we continue to see the positive results of underwriting and pricing decisions made over the last few years. Overall, written and earned pricing is still outpacing our loss cost trends and driving margin improvement across our businesses. We still have much work ahead, but I'm excited about our progress. Let me now turn the call over to Andy Napoli.
Andr A. Napoli: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone. Before we get into the details for the quarter, I'd like to briefly discuss our broader strategy. First, we couldn't be more pleased with the 3-year extension of our contract with AARP. This long-standing partnership is the core of our business and has produced strong results over the last 30 years, and we expect that to continue. Our AARP program, historically a direct model, has gained significant traction in our agency channel, which came at a good time as we work to reposition the non-AARP or other agency portfolio. That effort continues to pay off as we've achieved significant combined ratio improvement in that channel over the past couple of years. And we now view this channel as a more significant source of profitable growth as we move forward. More to follow as this strategy unfolds. Now turning to our results for the third quarter on Slide 12. We had another quarter of expanding margins while improving growth. In both auto and homeowners, earned pricing exceeded loss cost trends, and we were able to accomplish this while maintaining premium retention. Growth was driven primarily by strong new business production in our AARP Direct and AARP Agency channels. But especially noteworthy was 2% growth in other agency new business. The combination of new business and policy retention, particularly in auto, led to our third consecutive sequential quarter of in-force policy growth. Core earnings for the quarter were $68 million, which included a 2.2-point improvement in our x CAT, x prior year combined ratio. The quarter's core earnings were also impacted by a higher level of CAT losses and a lower level of favorable prior year development than in the third quarter of 2012. Current accident year CAT losses in the quarter were $18 million, primarily related to wind and hail events in Colorado and other Midwest states. The $18 million is above last year's levels, but as the third quarter is typically a seasonally high quarter for CATs, this was well below expected levels. During the quarter, we also lowered operational costs while increasing our AARP Direct marketing. Those actions, combined with premium growth, have kept our expense ratio flat. We are committed to driving down our expense ratio further through additional operational and process improvements. Turning to Slide 13 and focusing on auto profitability. Our combined ratio, x CAT and x prior year, improved to 96.8, over 3 points better than last year. Here is our perspective on loss trends. For auto liability, which combined bodily injury and property damage, both frequency and severity are up low-single-digits. This is relatively benign from our perspective. Auto physical damage frequency increased, but primarily with smaller towing claims, so there was a favorable offset in severity. On a net basis, physical damage trend is up, but pricing continues to exceed loss costs. In homeowners, our combined ratio x CAT and prior year dropped just over a 0.5-point to 77.6, reflecting strong earned pricing exceeding loss trends and continued favorable non-CAT weather and non-weather frequency. Now let's transition to growth on Slide 14. Written premiums grew 3% for the quarter, in total and individually, for both auto and homeowners. Written premium has grown 2% year-to-date, and we're positioned to maintain that level on a full year basis. Contributing to the growth were renewal written pricing increases of 5% and 8% in auto and homeowners, respectively, while maintaining policy retention in both product lines. New business increased 19% to $100 million in auto, and 9% at $35 million in homeowners. New business production was driven in part by a 42% increase in our AARP Agency channel, as well as increased spend and marketing productivity in the AARP Direct channel. Homeowners growth has moderated, following the initial launch of our new Home Advantage product and targeted rate increases in a number of states. In closing, we're pleased with our results for the quarter and the year so far, and we're positioned to deliver similar results as we close out the year. We'll closely monitor our loss trends, and we'll take the necessary rate to achieve our combined ratio targets while also continuing our growth momentum across all our channels. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Andy. Good morning, everyone. I have 3 main topics to cover this morning: First, I will review the quarter's results; second, I will cover the performance of the variable annuity books; and third, I'll provide a fourth quarter and updated full year 2013 outlook. Let's begin on Slide 16. Third quarter 2013 core earnings rose 17% to $505 million. Core earnings were $1.03 per diluted share, an increase of 14%. Commercial markets, which Doug just covered, was a major contributor to the growth. P&C Commercial and Group Benefits achieved higher margins, driving core earnings for those segments up 9% and 57%, respectively. Andy covered Consumer Markets, which had a strong underlying quarter but lower core earnings due to higher catastrophes and less favorable development. Touching on the other segments. Mutual Funds core earnings decreased slightly from the third quarter of 2012 due to higher expenses for marketing and advertising. Fund performance remains solid, driving sales up 35% over the prior year. Although net flows remain negative, they improved 18% over last year and 78% over the second quarter. Talcott core earnings were up 6% over prior year, higher than our July outlook largely due to $22 million of pretax limited partnership income versus our outlook of $0 million to $5 million for the whole company. In the Corporate segment, core losses improved $60 million over the prior period, principally due to a total after-tax benefits of $55 million from an insurance recovery and items related to the spin-off from The Hartford's former parent. Including this quarter results, we achieved a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 8%, which is at the higher end of our 2013 outlook. Net income for the quarter was $293 million, a significant improvement from $13 million last year. 2 principal items reconcile core earnings to net income this quarter: First, net realized capital losses totaling $130 million after tax and DAC, principally due to Japan VA hedge losses; and second, an unlock charge of $67 million, mostly due to the annual assumption study, which we had completed this quarter. Turning to Slide 17, you can see that core earnings included a total benefit of $87 million after tax or $0.18 per diluted share for certain items. The 2 largest items were the $55 million benefit in Corporate that I just mentioned and $43 million in favorable CATs, compared to our outlook of $86 million after tax. Last year's quarter included $44 million in core earnings from Individual Life and Retirement Plans, which were sold in January of this year. Turning to Slide 18. In September 30, The Hartford's book value per diluted share was $87.87 -- excuse me, $38.87, up slightly from June. Book value per share reflects a decline in unrealized gains on our investment portfolio due to higher interest rates, which is shown in the table at the bottom of this slide. Excluding AOCI, book value per diluted share was $38.91, up slightly from June. Book value per share includes the accretion from share repurchases, which totaled $408 million through September. We expect to repurchase about $200 million or so each quarter going forward, subject to legal restrictions and market conditions. Our principal focus at Talcott is to reduce the size and risk of that block. And as Liam mentioned, we have made significant progress this year. In the IFS, we provided some additional disclosures about policy counts this quarter. Slide 19 shows that since September 2012, Japan VA contract in-force are down about 18%, resulting in a permanent reduction in the size and risk of the block. Japan's surrenders have been driven by the sharp improvement in in-contract moneyness due to a combination of market factors, including higher equity market levels and a weaker yen. In addition, 73% of total contracts are beyond the surrender charge period. This slide also shows GMDB and GMIB net amount at risk, or NAR, over the past several quarters. GMIB NAR is down 92% over the past year to only $0.5 billion at September 30. Moneyness is another way to measure the improvement in the book. At the end of the quarter, 53% of the GMIB contracts are out of the money, which means that the account value exceeds our GMIB guarantee. This compares favorably with 43% at June 30 and 2% at year end 2012. In August, the first tranches of Japan VA contracts become eligible for annuitization. To date, many contract holders are surrendering rather than annuitizing or deferring their annuitization, which is a positive for us and that we come off risk faster than expected. While the eligible number of accounts is small in 2013, it ramps up substantially in 2014, which will allow us to develop a more informed view of this aspect of customer behavior next year. 2015 is the peak for potential annuitizations, with about $5 billion of account value eligible to annuitize. Again, it's too soon to know if our current experience will continue, but initial signs have been favorable. Moving to Slide 20. Favorable markets and in-force management initiatives are driving similar trends in our U.S. VA block. As Liam mentioned, the annualized full VA surrender rate increased to about 20%, including about 6 points from in-force management initiatives, including the ESV program. During the quarter, we finished the ESV program launch, extending the offer in 4 more states. As of quarter end, 91% of GMWB contracts are out of the money and 84% of total contracts are beyond the surrender charge period. GMWB NAR has declined 67% since September 30, 2012, while total U.S. VA contracts in-force have decreased by 14%. Based on the policyholder behavior across the VA blocks, we are confident that Talcott will be positioned to return capital to the holding company in late 2014 or early 2015. Our capital resources are summarized on Slide 21. At September 30, they totaled $17.7 billion, down $400 million from June. The decrease was in holding company resources, while total insurance company capital was up slightly after the impact of the quarterly P&C dividend to the holding company. Life surplus was flat this quarter, as operating income from non-VA books, including the Group Benefits business, offset the modest negative impact of VAs. Life capital margin remains strong, with an estimated RBC ratio of 460% in The Hartford Life and Accident group, allowing us to complete the Group Benefits legal entity separation project without utilizing holding company resources. We remain on schedule to complete that project by the end of the first quarter 2014. The decrease in holding company resources reflects the $320 million debt maturity and $241 million of share repurchases. Going forward, we expect holding company resources to decline due to the equity repurchase program and the March 2014 debt maturity but to remain in line with our liquidity target of approximately 2x annual interest expense and dividend payments. Before turning to your questions, let me provide a brief summary of our fourth quarter outlook, which is on Slide 22. Our current outlook for the fourth quarter core earnings is a range of $420 million to $445 million or $0.87 to $0.92 per diluted share. This outlook assumes catastrophe losses of $42 million after tax and Talcott core earnings of $165 million to $175 million, including approximately $7 million in after-tax costs for the ESV program. This outlook also assumes limited partnership income of about $60 million before tax, which equates to a 9% yield. We are estimating an average share count of about 485 million shares based on $200 million of share repurchases. Also expected is a realized gain of approximately $15 million after tax from the sale of the AARP member contract center for health insurance products to a division of UnitedHealthcare. This center, which generates about $15 million of core earnings per year, is included in the Consumer Markets segment. This deal is consistent with our strategy to sharpen our focus on P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds. The transaction is expected to close before the end of the year. If you add this fourth quarter outlook to our year-to-date results, which are summarized on the slide, 2013 core earnings would be about $1.7 billion. This is well ahead of our April outlook of $1.45 billion to $1.55 billion. Our actual results will depend on a lot of factors, including no major CATs in the fourth quarter. However, we are very pleased with our 2013 results and appreciate the significant effort by all of our teammates to achieve these results. We look forward to delivering both growth and progress on our strategic goals in 2014. We are in the midst of the planning process, and we'll share our 2014 outlook with you on our February call. To wrap up, let me summarize a few themes from the quarter and the year. Our go-forward businesses are producing strong results, with top line growth in P&C and improving margins in P&C and Group Benefits. Talcott has made significant progress in reducing the size and risk of the legacy annuity liabilities, with favorable contract holder behavior, resulting in higher surrender rates. And capital resources remain strong. And with favorable trends at Talcott, we are confident in our ability to return capital from Talcott in late 2014 or early 2015. Now I'll turn the call over to Sabra, so we could begin the Q&A session. Sabra?
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. We have a little less than 30 minutes for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Melissa, could you please give the Q&A instructions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Crdit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a few questions on Talcott. The first question is, does running off the VA block on your own still make the most economic sense here? But to another way of asking, is the bid-ask spread still too wide in your view to pursue risk transfer deals?
Liam E. McGee: Well, Tom, this is Liam. Our strategy on Talcott remains unchanged. That's to reduce the size and risk of the VA book. And as you heard in both my remarks and Chris' remarks, Beth and her team have been proactive against that strategy as evidenced by the increased lapse rates, the significant reduction in the policy count in the last 12 months, whether that's through the Enhanced Surrender Value or policyholder education. We've also -- we're also consistent in saying that potential transactions that can permanently transfer these exposures and accelerate a release of capital are things that we'll continue to evaluate, and we would pursue those transactions that are attractive in terms of sales price and the capital that would be released compared to the underlying economic value of the business. I'm not going to speculate on any theoretical transactions, Tom, so I think that's going to be the extent of my remarks on that topic.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And Liam, suffice to say, though, given how fast the lapse rates are moving and the -- also to Chris' comment about the now policyholders that could elect to defer or to annuitize who are actually surrendering, I'm assuming the view of fair market value continues to grow higher in your view based on those trends.
Liam E. McGee: Again, I'm not going to speculate on how the market might value it. What I'd say is that obviously we have a lot of flexibility because of some of the things you noted and that Chris and I have mentioned as well, and we'll look at all options, including continue the great proactive work that Beth and her team have done this far and including evaluating potential transactions. But we would also pursue those that are attractive in terms of sales price and the capital that would be released as compared to the underlying economic value of the book.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Understood, Liam. And then just a follow-up for Chris on -- what's the best way that we should be thinking about Talcott? You're looking -- between U.S. and Japan, lapse rates are running at 20% to 30%. And so if you look forward a year or -- more at a higher level, assuming 5% or 6% or so market appreciation, that would imply, all else equal, the year-over-year profit decline would be roughly 15% to 20%. And I know that's not the way you're thinking about it economically but that would be the way it's presented in your P&L unless I'm missing something else that might be major there. And so, a, is that the right way to think about it, or there are some other offsets? And b, would you all be better off giving net income guidance on this business, or guidance that somehow better expresses the way you're thinking about the economics?
Christopher John Swift: Tom, it's Chris. A couple of points. I think you are seeing that the trends right and Beth might be able to comment upon what she sees for fourth quarter lapses but they are elevated, particularly in Japan and in the U.S. So we'll talk more about it in February when we give guidance, but I do think your point of view on a substantial decline in Talcott's core earnings is right on. So I think you're wise to look hard at those forward views, given the elevated lapses in Japan and that the recent elevation we've seen in the U.S. Beth, would you care to comment upon fourth quarter lapses and what you've seen?
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, sure. So as we look at the activity that we've seen in October, we continue to be very pleased with the level of surrenders that we're seeing. In the U.S. we're slightly under the 20% that we saw for all of Q3. And in Japan, we're running maybe around 25% or so. So, again, I think as markets stay where they are, continue to rise, we'd expect our surrender rates to continue to be very elevated. And as Chris pointed out, that does have the impact of reducing earnings going forward. But more importantly, it reduces the risk, which is what we're focused on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions, I guess, probably for Doug. Two lines of businesses I would like to ask about on the Commercial side. First is workers' compensation. I've seen some industry data that suggests that claims frequency, after spiking in 2010, came down in '11 and '12, and I want to get a sense of what you're seeing in that line. And then secondly, in the commercial auto business, in the Program business, where the biggest reserve addition was taken, can you talk about the tail on that business? How long it is?
Douglas G. Elliot: Sure, Jay. This is Doug. Let me talk about workers' comp to start with. We are seeing very positive signs in our comp book over the last couple of years, particularly around frequency. And obviously, we spend time looking at it across our markets but certainly, in our Small Commercial and Middle Market businesses, our frequencies in the last 4 to 6 quarters have been flat to down, so I think consistent with some of the signals you're seeing in the marketplace. But we think both our underwriting actions and some of things we've done in the last couple of years have clearly driven our change. So good news on the frequency front in workers' comp. In terms of the automobile, transportation programs, we do have our arms around it. This is more an exit strategy than it is a fixed strategy. At the moment, I'll share with you, by 1/1/14, we'll be out of the 5 programs that have caused really much of our financial adverse positioning here. There is clearly a BI severity dynamic in the marketplace, not just in the Programs area but across commercial auto in general, and we're underwriting and pricing our way through that. The tail, when I think about commercial auto, clearly, it's not a workers' comp tail but it's also not a property tail. So I think of it in that 3- to 4-year period of time, and we're aggressively looking at '09, '10, '11 and '12 as we speak. So I feel like we took actions to deal with the increased severity over that period of time, and this book will run out over the period of the next 12 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions. One, I guess, is for Doug. Doug, I'm just curious in the Commercial line's underlying loss ratios, obviously, very substantial improvement year-over-year. How much would you attribute that to just kind of lower than kind of trend loss costs?
Douglas G. Elliot: Brian, very difficult to articulate. I do believe that in our positive trends, more than rate is coming through. We have an have aggressive analytics program where we quintile our book of business and we look at retentions and price changes across classes, industries and geographies. And so probably, much of the change is rate driven. But I think an appreciable component of our 3-plus-points of improvement year-over-year is driven by, what I would say, underwriting quality of change in the book.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So more just is the changes in terms and conditions you're doing, not so much just it's been a lucky kind of weather situation, non-CAT weather?
Douglas G. Elliot: Yes, certainly, in the properties side. I mean, we've strengthened our ability to underwriting our product in the marketplace relative to Property over the last 3 years. And so deductible changes, policy form, et cetera, all contribute on the Property side. I was kind of giving you more of global across all lines of view of just increased attention to our risk product in the marketplace. And I think the analytics behind some of our choices have clearly driven some of that positive change in our loss ratio.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great, and then for Chris. Because I'm wondering if you could give us a sense of what you think the market consistent value is for the Japanese and the U.S. runoff books right now. Is it appreciably higher than it was at Investor Day?
Christopher John Swift: I think, directionally, I can comment upon that, Brian. We'll periodically update numbers when appropriate. But generally, I would say, for Japan, it's less negative. And for the U.S., it's greater, greater positive. So I mean, that's where we stand here right now at the third quarter, and we are contemplating updating that at least once a year. And give us a little time, and we'll put it out there at the appropriate time.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Is there any way we can kind of -- is it 20% higher in the U.S.? 10%?
Christopher John Swift: It's meaningful. I'd say in that range, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass from Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about just your expectations for capital return from Talcott. And I guess, specifically, the factors that affect the timing of paying dividends.
Liam E. McGee: Well, Chris will, I'm sure, want to give more detail. I'd reiterate what he and I have said is that we are confident that Talcott is positioned to return capital to the holding company in late 2014 or early 2015. I'd remind you, Erik, that there's a lot of work in process, whether it's closing the U.K. sale, or the completion of the Group Benefits realignment, et cetera. So there is still some work afoot. And with that, Chris, if you want to add any more perspectives to Erik's question.
Christopher John Swift: I think you're right to mention the moving parts, Liam. So I always just start by saying what's different today, Erik? I mean, for '14, for both Group Benefits and Mutual Funds, I mean, we're going to have cash flows coming to the ultimate parent company, holding company, that we didn't have in prior years. So there's probably about $150 million in new cash flows that are coming out of those, I'll call it former Talcott entities. With relation then to Talcott, the remain Co., we always think about it in terms of the Japanese balance sheet and the U.S. balance sheet. I think, for Japan, one of the things just to keep in mind is there is a little bit of a constraint on dividends. Meaning, you have to have positive retained earnings. We just barely turned positive at the end of the third quarter 2013 here. So our current thinking is we will inform the regulators, we don't have to seek their approval when we're in positive retained earnings. But we will bring them a 2014, early '15 plan for capital extraction out of Japan, make sure they understand it and begin to execute it in the second half of 2014. And then with regard to the U.S., similar constraints. After we spin off Group Benefits into its own legal entity, I mean, we're in extraordinary dividend land because, again, we have negative retained deficits at HLIC and ILA. So we'll, at the appropriate time, work with the regulators to extract capital. But that would have to be in the form of extraordinary dividend. Does that help?
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. And then, I guess, just over time, how quickly should we think about capital and reserves being freed as policies lapse? So maybe not thinking specifically in 2014 but just on kind of an ongoing basis, what is the lag between kind of seeing lapses and then when those reserves could -- reserves or capital could potentially become available for dividends?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, we'll cover a little bit more of our outlook of earnings and capital in February. But I would say that I think, generally, you have to keep in mind, I'll call it, we always talk about it, Beth and I, units of risks, right? We're still managing units of risk, and we run our stress scenarios that we are always going to manage to. So lapses, by definition, will always have a lag factor compared to units of risk in a stress scenario. And we'll describe that the best way we can in February.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. One, just on the -- I'm thinking about, especially in relation to Tom's question, about the pace of runoff, maybe pace of account value decline, in the runoff VA box and thinking about that sort of 15% to 20% type of pace of decline in Talcott earnings as a result. And I'm sort of connecting that to the fourth quarter outlook for Talcott, which suggests something, on an annualized basis anyway, that's a much faster pace of runoff when we adjust for some of the one-timers. Just wondering if there's anything you can help us understand there as it relates to the fourth quarter outlook versus the third quarter, which looks like it was more in the $200 million, $205 million range if we take out the ESV costs and maybe some strong results in the Other line.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, John, it's Chris. I think you got to think in terms of just going to the fourth quarter that the third quarter had, I'll call it, a couple of one-timers in it, particularly for, I'll call it, investment income partnerships. But generally, as lapses occur, we're going to have less fee income. We are projecting just less net investment income in total in Talcott from regular spread products and then any other income. And we did have a couple of one-time benefits for taxes and other, I'll call it, miscellaneous income benefits that just aren't expected to recur. So I really do believe the one -- the range that we gave, which, at the midpoint, $170 million, $175 million is really what you need to think in terms of just a basic core run rate going forward and really adjust for lapses from that rate.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And maybe we'll follow up a little bit off-line. And then just one other question on the -- you've updated us in the past on your progress on expense initiatives relative to your targets. There's nothing here in the third quarter presentation. But can you just update us, at this point, how much of your expense saves is in your third quarter results? And how much more should we expect as we move through 2014?
Christopher John Swift: Thanks for asking the question. I think we feel very good about all our expense initiatives here related to stranded costs related to our sales that we completed earlier this year. So we're right on track. They are beginning to earn in. And I think in February, when we get together and talk more about our run rate for '14 and even a little bit '15, I think will give you a better sense of the additional expense initiatives that we're planning above and beyond just getting the stranded corporate costs out from a deal perspective. But there is new rounds of initiatives that we're planning that, really, will take us forward for the next 3 years, with goals to become a more efficient organization.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I can sneak one more in just thinking about the Japanese VA business. I think, if I recall correctly, you guys hold contingency reserves in the Japanese sub. I think that number was somewhere around $700 million. Has that changed? Well, first of all, is that right? And secondly, has that changed meaningfully as a result of this faster pace of surrender activity? Have you started to build in to the actuarial assumptions this higher pace of surrenders?
Christopher John Swift: I'll give you 2 data points just for clarity. You are right. It's a little light of $700 million on a U.S. dollar basis. It has been trending down just a little bit as the book runs off. So you're right. And then, the way we think about capital that supports the Japan, I'll call it block of business, 2 pieces, right? The $1.2 billion of capital in the legal entity that we disclosed. And then there's still, going back to what we disclosed in our Investor Day for Talcott, about $600 million of U.S. statutory capital that's backing -- that reinsurance business into the U.S. So those are the couple key metrics that I'll just share with you, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb from Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: For the Japan business, how would that $1.8 billion of total stack capital compare to a U.S. GAAP capital?
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. I would say it would be -- the U.S. capital would be slightly higher in the range of $2.4 billion. Again, in total, in aggregate, supporting all the, call it Japanese risks, no matter if they're in the island of Japan or if they're in the U.S. But in aggregate, I would say approximately $2.4 billion of GAAP capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And on that same metric, what would you allocate the U.S. variable annuity business capital position?
Christopher John Swift: I don't have that right in front of me, Jay. So I guess I'd want to be more thoughtful. But, again, I think if you go back to Investor Day, I think if you look at some of our disclosures, adjust for Group Benefits, now adjust for Japan, you're really left then with, I'll call it, runoff Talcott. But I'd rather be more thoughtful and just give you that number when we talk about our earnings and guidance for 2014.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. On a statutory basis of the $6.9 billion U.S. Life capital position, can you give a rough breakdown of what that consists of currently?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. And I think I know where you're going, so of the U.S. statutory capital, how we think about it is x Japan, x, I'll call it, U.K. operation, HLL, and x recapitalization of Group Benefits, what Talcott will be left with is about $4.5 billion of statutory surplus. So when we get through the Group Benefits separation, when we sell and close on HLL in the fourth quarter, which is still on track, and you exclude sort of the Japan statutory capital that's allocated in the U.S. to it, you're left with $4.5 billion backing, I'll call it, the U.S. runoff liabilities, which are, again, are variable annuities and fixed payout annuities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Giovanni from Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Liam, a follow-up for you in terms of you mentioned kind of a growing interest in the market for runoff annuity blocks. I'm curious if you could dissect a bit in terms of those that are showing interest. So maybe the mix of kind of PE-backed players, reinsurers or traditional insurers. And then how many of these guys are really just looking for kind of a lopsided deal versus maybe a more credible bidder and counterparty?
Liam E. McGee: Chris, I think you can understand, for a variety of reasons, it's not appropriate for me to talk about it. Such transactions or conversations involve The Hartford characterizing counterparties, describing motivations, I just don't think would be appropriate.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, for Chris. Just an update in terms of the legal entity separation. You had mentioned to kind of strip out the Group Benefits piece. Any timeline for when you expect to have that done?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, Chris. We feel very good about it. We've gotten, I'll call it, the legal entity approved in New York. And we got to get some product filings approved. We got to finish couple a little operational activities with admin systems. But I would say mid- to late-first quarter, we'll have that all done.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein from Evercore.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Maybe the first question for Doug. Doug, in the specialty programs that you've set for termination, already terminated, what is the total value of the premium, looking a year from now, that won't be on the books anymore?
Douglas G. Elliot: The total value of all 5 of those transportation programs that we're exiting is approximately $50 million annually, so think of that out -- and several of those decisions have been made over the prior quarter. So the last program to cease writing, new and renewal, 1/1/14.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And that -- the $50 million is still essentially in there? So that full value will go away over the next kind of 4 to 6 quarters or whatever?
Douglas G. Elliot: Correct.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then, I guess, a final question for Chris. Chris, could you just talk about J GAAP earnings a little bit? I feel like maybe we've actually kind of crossed over into positive surplus in Japan. Maybe a little quicker. I don't know if that's right or wrong, if you can comment on that. And then, secondly, kind of what are J GAAP -- or what have J GAAP earnings been kind of over the last 2 quarters?
Christopher John Swift: I think between Beth and I, we -- I'll try to give you a frame. But we are, as I said, at September 30, about $10 million of positive retained earnings. Some of that is, again, just more fee income, more spread income off the general account products. Some of it is the, I'll call it, contingency reserves that are, I'll call it, running off. So as we look forward, that's why we want to finish 2014, get through March, which is their fiscal year, that those accounts all closed up, see exactly where we are, we will have a better, then, forward view of the next 12 months, with just the next fiscal year for earnings. And then take a comprehensive 12-month capital extraction plan in to the regulator and inform them what we're going to. And then begin to execute it in the latter half of '14. But, Beth, from a run rate side on GAAP -- J GAAP earnings, any color you could provide?
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, just -- if you go back to June, just as a starting point, we had negative retained earnings of about $60 million. So that's kind of the quarterly earnings that we see, if we got the positive $10 million, so you're looking at $60 million to $70 million a quarter.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And have you turned positive a little quicker than your original plan was?
Christopher John Swift: I would say, generally, right on schedule. Maybe a smidge sooner, Mark. But generally right on plan. I mean, if you think about it, I really consider it breakeven right now. So we broke even. We'll then have 2 additional quarters of, I'll call it, activity to take to the FSA. We'll look then at the next forward activity. So you really could see and get a sense that we're already looking 6 quarters ahead for what that balance sheet looks like and then how much capital we could take out.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, actually, one last question, if I could sneak it in. Can you just talk about incidence trends in Group? And how they compared sequentially with the second quarter, which was obviously very strong?
Douglas G. Elliot: Mark, this is Doug. I would say that sequentially, the incidence trends in the third quarter compare very consistent with second quarter, right? So we're finally seeing some improvement relative to those patterns. And third quarter sat right on top of second quarter.
Christopher John Swift: Hey, Mark, just to tell you another point. Just -- as Doug and I look at that business, I mean, just to remind you, I mean, fourth quarter is our seasonally highest and best quarter in Group Benefits. So again, there'll be, I'll call it, seasonality and incident in termination improvements that will ultimately come through when we report fourth quarter earnings.
Liam E. McGee: And Mark, the other point I'd make is that, as you know, because of the waiting periods, the retention components of these programs, the back half of the year is important for us to stay on top. We're just beginning to take a peek at the '13 year, given how these contracts are set up.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Thank you, all, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in The Hartford. Sean and I are available after the call for any follow-up questions you might have. And I would also note that Liam McGee is scheduled to present to the Goldman Sachs Conference on December 10. So we look forward to seeing you there as well. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Liam E. McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Douglas G. Elliot - President of Commercial Markets, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Andr A. Napoli - President of Consumer Markets & Enterprise Business Services and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Beth A. Bombara - President of Talcott Resolution, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee
Analysts: Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Laurel, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford's Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sabra Purtill: Good morning, and welcome to the Hartford Second Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. Our speakers today include Liam McGee, Chairman President and CEO; Doug Elliot, President of Commercial Markets; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; and Chris Swift, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our executive management team available for the Q&A section of this call today include Beth Bombara, President of Talcott Resolution; Brion Johnson, Chief Investment Officer; and Bob Rupp, Chief Risk Officer. As detailed on Page 2 of the presentation, today's presentation includes forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ in a material way. We do not assume any obligation to update today's forward-looking statements, and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ. Our news release, 10-Q, 2012 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC, contain a detailed description and explanation of those risks and uncertainties. Finally, please note our presentation includes non-GAAP financial measures. We provide definitions and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure in the news release, financial supplement and SEC filings. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thanks again for joining us today. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong execution at the Hartford. We continued to deliver on our objectives of generating profitable growth in the go-forward businesses and reducing the size and the risk of the legacy annuity blocks. In June, we also announced a significant expansion of our capital management program. As you saw last night, The Hartford delivered second quarter core earnings of $324 million, up 18% over the prior year. Driven by improving fundamentals, aggregate core earnings in Property & Casualty, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds were up 28%. This earnings growth reflects the continuation of positive pricing momentum in Property & Casualty and Group Benefits, as well as product and distribution initiatives that are generating profitable growth. We continue to achieve meaningful price increases in Property & Casualty commercial. Renewal written pricing increased 8% on average in the Standard Commercial lines in the second quarter, consistent with the company's last 3 quarters and well ahead of loss cost trends. Our philosophy and approach is unchanged, and we will continue to be aggressive and smart in our pricing actions. We are optimistic that this disciplined approach to pricing combined with loss costs that remained benign, would drive additional margin expansion going forward. In Consumer Markets, Andy and his team have continued to leverage our relationship with AARP, expanding margins and delivering 2% written premium growth. This was the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year written premium growth. For AARP sold to agents, which as you know, is a key growth opportunity for this business, written premiums were up 63% in the second quarter. In P&C Commercial, Doug and his team have complemented The Hartford's traditional expertise in workers' compensation with expanded product and underwriting capabilities in property and liability. This is particularly apparent in Middle Market, where we continue to diversify new business production. Through these actions, The Hartford is becoming a stronger and a more balanced commercial P&C player. In Group Benefits, profitability continued to improve in the second quarter as a result of our disciplined approach to pricing and our management of the book. We also benefited from improving disability incidence rates, a positive change from the company's experience over the past few years. Small Commercial just launched an expansion of its agency new business platform called ICON. This will improve the quoting and sales experience for agents and their CSRs, providing us the opportunity to quote and bind a higher percentage of available business. We're also rolling out a new top-of-the-line P&C claims handling system, which will improve the speed and efficiency of our claims process. We expect to begin implementation of the system in mid-2014. The Hartford is investing significantly in initiatives like ICON and the claims system to strengthen our capabilities and competitive advantage. With improving execution and these investments, I am confident that we will achieve additional margin expansion and profitable top line growth in 2013 and beyond. In Mutual Funds, Jim Davey and his team continued to make progress with strong growth sales and solid investment performance against benchmarks in the second quarter. We remain optimistic about our ability to improve net flows and grow assets under management. The Talcott Resolution team made further progress reducing the size and risk of the legacy annuity blocks. In the U.S., the enhanced Surrender Value program has been more successful than we expected, with a 30% cumulative take rate to date. This contributed several points to the U.S. full surrender rate, which rose to 17.5% annualized for the second quarter. In Japan, the annualized full surrender rate jumped to almost 35% in the second quarter, driven by the significantly improved moneyness [ph] of the book. To put this number in perspective, until 2013, the annual surrender rate in Japan averaged less than 4%. While we cannot predict future lapse rates with certainty, at current market levels, we believe Japanese surrenders will remain much higher than our prior experience. The Talcott team also reached an agreement in June to sell the U.K. variable annuity business. The transaction which we expect to close by year-end eliminates the risk and expense associated with this VA block. Finally, in June, we announced the $750 million expansion of our 2013, 2014 equity repurchase program to a total of $1.25 billion. In addition, the quarterly dividend was increased from $0.10 to $0.15 per share. This announcement resulted from our success over the past few years to focus The Hartford on capital-generating businesses, to reduce the size and risk of the annuity blocks and to achieve capital self-sufficiency in the Talcott operations. The Hartford is committed to delivering profitable growth in our businesses and further reducing risk. We are delivering on these objectives, which will continue to create shareholder value. I'll now turn the call over to Doug for a discussion on Commercial Markets. Doug, welcome.
Douglas G. Elliot: Thank you, Liam, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to cover our P&C Commercial and Group Benefits results for the second quarter of 2013. I'll also provide some commentary on the marketplace and updates on several key business objectives. Margin improvement through effective underwriting and pricing actions remains at the top of our priorities, and we're pleased with our continued progress during the second quarter. Let me begin on Slide 5. P&C Commercial had a combined ratio for the quarter of 98.4%. We continued to experience very solid pricing gains at 8%, generally consistent with our prior quarters. Our results for the quarter include a charge of $80 million for the elimination of the New York Workers' Compensation, 25-A fund. Excluding this charge, our combined ratio was 93.2%, 7.3 points lower than the second quarter of 2012. Lower cat losses in the quarter accounted for 2 points of this improvement. Our prior year development, excluding the adjustment for New York 25-A was positive news of $43 million in the quarter. Underlining all of these factors, our second quarter combined ratio, x-cat and x-prior year development, was 93.1%, 1.4 points lower than the second quarter of 2012. Our focus on underwriting and pricing continues to drive favorable accident year profitability trends. Our Group Benefit business had an outstanding quarter. Core earnings of $37 million were up $7 million from the first quarter of 2013. On a year-to-date basis, earnings are up 72%. Before I review the results of our business segments, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our pricing approach and our supporting analytics. We have a highly segmented approach for determining the rate need within our book of business. This sophistication has allowed us to successfully target increases within underperforming segments, while retaining those segments that are adequately priced. As our pricing execution has become more sophisticated, so too have the analytical tools we use to capture the results of our actions. We have made refinements this quarter to the calculation we used to determine renewal written pricing, to better reflect rate changes on our renewed mix of business. Let me now share some specific thoughts about each of our 4 business segments, starting on the Property Casualty side with Small Commercial on Slide 7. Written premiums of $787 million were up 2% in the quarter. Our current accident quarter combined ratio of 91.5% improved 2 points from second quarter of 2012, driven primarily by lower cats. Pricing in this business remains strong at 8%, well in front of our loss trends. And I'm very pleased with our ability to effectively manage profit margins. We have consistently outperformed the market, achieving industry-leading combined ratios over many years. Our formula for managing profitability in this business has not changed, and we're well-positioned to maintain our performance in this business as we continue to refine our margins. As Liam mentioned in his comments, we also continued to strengthen our Small Commercial market position with the rollout of ICON for our business owners' package policy. ICON is our new business quoting platform for Small Commercial, and we have completely redesigned this tool to improve the speed, responsiveness and accuracy process for our agents. We now have our Small Business worker's compensation and package products available on the new platform, and response from our agents has been very positive. Once commercial auto is released in 2014, we'll have our entire core small Commercial product suite available for new business production through this state-of-the-art automation platform. All in all, a very good quarter for our Small Commercial business. Moving to Slide 8. Our Middle Market segment also had a very good quarter with a current accident quarter combine ratio of 97.6%. This result is 5.6 points lower than 2012, with 2.4 points of that improvement attributable to favorable catastrophes. This business has come a very long way from where we were 2 years ago. Written pricing for the quarter, although down approximately 1.5 points sequentially, registered a solid 8% increase year-over-year. Coupled with our underwriting actions, margins have continued to improve across all of our core lines, especially worker's compensation. Over the last 8 quarters, we've been intensely focused on executing our pricing strategies in Middle Market and we've made substantial improvements in our book of business quality and performance. Our current accident quarter loss ratio, excluding cats, is down nearly 5 points from last year. We remain aggressive on our pricing approach, particularly for business that continues to underperform. This is especially important for our worker's compensation line, which has needed more rate action than any other portion of our book. This quarter, worker's comp renewal written pricing in the Middle Market achieved a 10% increase. Although down from the low teens a year ago, this rate level continues to drive margin expansion on an improved book profile. In addition, rates and other lines such as commercial, auto and property are up versus same time 2012. Some segments of our business are now performing extremely well after several cycles of pricing and require more modest rate increases to remain ahead of loss cost trends. We still expect to achieve margin improvement on these accounts, but not at the pace of 2 years ago. These shifts are the result of our analytics, which allow us to manage pricing and retention for overall results. Early in my tenure, we established a strategic goal to become a more balanced Middle Market underwriter, complementing our expertise in worker's compensation with equal skill in the property and general liability lines. This goal supports both our intent to profitably grow our franchise and the desire to mitigate the risks that follow from over concentrations in a single line of business. We have made substantial progress on this front, and our mix of business continued to improve in the second quarter. Worker's compensation new business in the quarter accounted for 29% of total new business, compared with 46% during the same period 2 years ago. Retentions have remained steady and our new business opportunities in property and general liability are growing, as the marketplace recognizes our strength and competencies in these lines. Total written premium in the quarter was slightly positive, which is the first time I can say that since our reunderwriting actions took hold in the third quarter of 2011. Overall, this was another good quarter of progress for Middle Market. Our approach to profit management remains steady as we look to reach our long-term target returns. The performance of our Specialty business on Slide 9 remains largely consistent with the first quarter. Our success with national accounts, primarily in the $1 million to $5 million segment, continues. We wrote 24 new accounts in the quarter and our retention of existing accounts remains strong. Pricing in this market segment has been rational and we're achieving rate levels consistent with our long-term targets. Financial products had a good quarter with continued positive mid-single-digit pricing across the portfolio. As you may have already noted, we released $30 million of professional liability reserves as we continue to examine our results for all accident years. Shifting over to our programs area. Reunderwriting actions continued during the quarter with particular focus on auto liability exposures. With almost all the transportation programs now nonrenewed, our book quality is improving. We did take a charge of $40 million to our auto liability line, of which $35 million related to our program business. Much of this reunderwriting is behind us and we feel better about the positioning of this segment moving forward. As summarized on Slide 10, our Group Benefit business had an outstanding quarter, as I had earlier mentioned. We've been very disciplined in our management actions and the results are clearly paying off. Core earnings for the quarter were up $3 million over prior year, achieving a margin of 3.9%. Year-to-date, core earnings of $67 million increased $28 million, doubling our margin versus the same period 1 year ago. Our disability loss ratio of 82.7% in the quarter was favorable to last year by over 10 points, driven by earned pricing and improvements in our claim trends. Pricing in the quarter remains favorable with long-term disability rate increases of 6%. Year-to-date, our long-term disability rate increases nearly 13% due to a much larger first quarter renewal premium base versus the second quarter. And new sales in the quarter were $103 million, up 56% from 2012, as pricing in certain sectors of the new business marketplace improved. In previous quarters, we've commented that our claim recoveries were improving. That improvement continued this quarter across our long-term and short-term disability books. We're also encouraged by the early signs of declining incidence rates in our 2012 book. As you recall, incidence rates have been stable for several quarters, but at historically elevated levels. As our 2012 data has matured, we have observed a modest but consistent decrease in incidence rates, approaching levels we've not seen in several years. We'll be watching our data very closely in the quarters ahead to determine the sustainability of this improvement. We have nearly completed a full cycle of pricing and underwriting actions on our multiyear contracts. Our January 2014 renewal block will complete much of that effort and this disciplined execution is delivering results. We're committed to staying in front of loss trends with deeper claim and pricing analytics. These positive signs in our Group Benefits performance are a direct result of the aggressive actions we've taken over the last few years. Stepping back from the details, this a very good quarter for Commercial Markets. Our performance and trends were consistent with the strong start in the first quarter, and we continue to see the positive results of underwriting and pricing decisions made over the last few years. Overall, pricing is still outpacing our loss cost trends and driving margin improvement. There's still much work ahead, but I'm excited about our progress. Let me now turn the call over to Andy Napoli.
Andr A. Napoli: Thanks, Doug. In Consumer Markets, our continued focus is to improve margins while steadily improving our growth trajectory, and we're pleased with the progress we've made. Our combined ratio for AARP direct auto continues to perform at/or better than our target. We're making good strides in non-AARP agency auto as our x-cat, x-prior year combined ratio was 8 points better than second quarter 2012. In Homeowners, favorable weather experience is contributing to improving profitability. Core earnings for the quarter were $15 million versus a loss of $47 million last year. The improvement in core earnings was generated from 3 primary sources. First, our x-cat and x-prior year combined ratio improved 2.4 points to 88.9%; second, cat losses were lower this year; and third, we had higher favorable prior year development, primarily related to prior year cats. Current accident year cat losses for the quarter were $142 million, primarily related to wind and hail events across the Midwest and Plains states, including the tornado that hit Moore, Oklahoma. We had the same number of events in the quarter, as we did last year, but with lower severity. We also released $31 million of reserves related to Storm Sandy and other prior year cats. Claims severity for this sort of event is always challenging to estimate. And as it turns out, property and auto loss severities have emerged favorably, and auto salvage returns are coming in better than expected. Focusing on auto profitability. Our combined ratio, x-cat and x-prior year, improved to 93.8%, just over 2 points better than last year. From a loss trend perspective, we're seeing favorability and auto liability frequency, in particular, lower-cost fender benders and personal injury protection or PIP claims. Auto physical damage severity trends have moderated slightly, and we'll continue to watch this closely. In homeowners, our combined ratio, x-cat and prior year, dropped just over 2 points to 77.9%, reflecting continued favorable non-cat weather frequency and strong earned pricing in excess of expected loss cost. Now let's transition to growth. Written premiums grew 2% and we're positioned to maintain that level throughout the remainder of the year. Written premiums were up 1% in auto and 3% in homeowners. Contributing to the growth were renewal written pricing increases of 5% and 7%, respectively, and improved policy retention in both product lines. New business increased 9% to $93 million in auto and 13% to $34 million in homeowners. New business production was driven in part by a 28% increase in the number of authorized AARP agency locations, now at over 6,600, and a 32% increase in Internet responses for our AARP direct business. I'd like to focus for a moment on this online component of our direct operating model. As many of you know, the foundation of our 28-year partnership with AARP is an effective multimedia direct model that aligns well with current personal lines channel trends. Historically, the vast majority of our direct responses end up in our phone centers as new business acquisition opportunities, and we've enjoyed a great deal of success with this phone-centric model. Recently, we've made a concerted effort to increase our digital throughput. In other words, to have more direct responses finish online. Given industry consumer buying trends, we believe our ability to generate and close business online will be a significant component of our growth and profitability story in the future. Most notably, we recently started providing customers the ability to bundle auto and home in one integrated online quote. Our efforts are beginning to yield positive results. We like this channel as it is more efficient and online business has tended to have higher retention and therefore could contribute higher lifetime value than other channels in our operating model. In closing, we're pleased with our results for the second quarter and the first half of this year, and the remainder of 2013 continues to look positive. We'll continue to take rate increases in both auto and home to either maintain or achieve our combined ratio targets, and we'll closely monitor the impact on new business and retention while continuing to execute our strategy to deliver profitable growth. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Andy. Good morning, everyone. This morning, I will cover 3 topics: first, I will review key items from the quarter; second, I will update statutory capital and holding company resources, including VA impacts in the Group Benefits' legal-entity separation project; and third, I will provide a third quarter outlook. Let's begin on Slide 16. Second quarter 2013 core earnings were up 18% to $324 million or $0.66 per diluted share. We produced strong results this quarter, even before adjusting last year's results worth $39 million of earnings from the Individual Life and Retirement Plans businesses, which were sold in January of this year. This quarter's core earnings growth was driven by improved margins in the Commercial and Consumer Markets, which Doug and Andy just covered, and Mutual Funds growth. Excluding prior year development, core earnings per diluted share were about $0.85, which is above the outlook we provided in April of $0.65 to $0.70 due to better underwriting results, higher Talcott earnings and higher limited partnership returns. Annualized limited partnership returns were 13% this quarter, well over our 6% outlook, resulting in excess returns of about $0.05 in core earnings per diluted share. Mutual funds core earnings were up 5% relative to the second quarter of 2012. Jim Davey and his team continue to build momentum in key areas, including sales, distribution initiatives and fund performance. Sales were up 32% over the prior year. Net flows were negative, including $2.5 billion in 2 large redemptions, one of which was a $1.4 billion institutional account that was expected to redeem. In P&C other operations, core losses increased this quarter due to a $141 million pretax charge for additional reserves related to our annual asbestos and environmental study. $130 million of this charge or $85 million after tax, was for legacy asbestos exposures. The majority of the development was from increased severity in frequency on a small number of our direct accounts, about 50 out of 1,100 policyholders. These policyholders are not -- are peripheral defendants, meaning that they did not produce asbestos but may have used another company's asbestos in their business. Talcott's core earnings were down 2%, which I'll cover in a few minutes. In the Corporate segment, core losses improved $11 million over the prior year quarter, principally due to lower interest expense from debt repayments. Turning to Slide 17. Second quarter core earnings included prior year development of $95 million after tax or $0.19 per share, including the asbestos charge. Aside from asbestos, this quarter's prior year development included $80 million before tax for increased worker's compensation loss reserves in New York State as a result of the legislative closing of the fund for reopened cases in that state. This is a onetime charge for estimated future claims that could occur if currently closed worker's compensation claims reopen in the future. Aside from the New York charge, we had favorable development in P&C Commercial of $43 million, principally on professional and general liability, catastrophes and uncollectible reinsurance. We had some unfavorable development on commercial auto, almost entirely in the Specialty line. Beyond the New York charge, worker's compensation had almost no net prior year development. Consumer Markets had favorable development of $32 million, largely due to favorable prior year catastrophe development, Storm Sandy in particular. You'll notice that second quarter cat losses were right on our forecast and cats were a lot lower than last year. Finally, our trailing 12-month core earnings ROE was 7.6%, a significant improvement from a year ago. We expect to achieve a 2013 core earnings ROE of approximately 8% for the full year, which is at the high end of our outlook of 7.5% to 8% that we communicated earlier this year. Turning to Slide 18. There are 2 principal items which reduced our strong core earnings and generated a second quarter net loss of $190 million. First, net realized capital losses not included in core earnings were $413 million after tax, mostly due to the Japan VA hedging losses; and second, losses from discontinued operations were $126 million, due to the sale of Hartford Life International Ltd. Turning to Slide 19. The Hartford's book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, was $38.44, down 4% from the $40 at year-end, principally due to the items that I just covered, as well as the first quarter Japan DAC write-off, and loss and extinguishment of debt. Book value including AOCI was $38.59 per share at June 30, down 16% from $45.80 at year-end. The change in book value includes a $900 million reduction in net unrealized gains in AOCI during the first quarter due to the business sales. Since March, AOCI has reduced principally due to the impact of higher interest rates and credit spreads on the market value of our $82 billion general account portfolio. As you can see on the chart on the bottom of this slide, after tax unrealized gains on our investment portfolio declined from $2.8 billion in March to $1.3 billion at the end of June, as the 10-year treasury yield rose from 1.87% to 2.49%. Since year end, we have repurchased about 60 -- excuse me, $166 million of equity, including $118 million during the second quarter. In June, as Liam mentioned, we expanded our repurchase program to $1.25 billion. Going forward, our repurchase activity will be about $200 million a quarter through year-end 2014, subject to legal restrictions and market conditions. Now let's turn to Talcott results on Slide 20. As I mentioned, Talcott core earnings were $196 million, down 2% over prior year, which included $39 million of Life and Retirement Plans businesses that were sold in January of 2013. The quarter included $23 million of after tax costs related to the ESV program. This quarter also had lower DAC amortization, most of which was due to the first quarter write-off of the Japan DAC asset, which eliminated future DAC amortization. Talcott's second quarter earnings also benefited from $39 million of pretax limited partnership income, up slightly from $32 million in the second quarter of 2012 and up from $24 million in the first quarter of 2013. Our focus for Talcott is reducing its size and risk, and we are pleased with the progress this quarter. On Slide 21, full surrenders on the Japan block more than tripled for the first quarter. This reflects higher market levels, which significantly improved policyholder account values. At the end of June, 57% of Japan GMIB contracts were in the money for policyholders compared with 99% a year ago. And the average in the moneyness was 7%, down from 20% for June 2012. Surrender activity was at an annualized rate of 34.8% for the quarter. Surrender activity to date has been highly correlated to market levels. Once policyholders are out of the money, meaning that their account value is higher than their guarantee, we have seen surrenders sharply increase. July surrender activity has been approximately 30% on an annualized basis. Slide 22 covers our U.S. VA block. Full VA surrenders in the U.S. increased to 17.5% for the quarter, primarily due to the ESV program and higher market levels. The ESV program has performed much better than our original expectations with an overall take up rate of 30% to date. As a result of market levels and surrenders, NAR has decreased on both the Japan and the U.S. VA block since March 31. Japan GMIB NAR was $851 million, down 34% from first quarter and down 87% from the $6.5 billion at June 30, 2012. U.S. GMWB NAR was 300 -- excuse me, $282 million at the end of June, down the slightly from March, but down 72% since June, 2012. Keep in mind, our NAR calculation is not discounted or adjusted for policyholder behavior assumptions. It also does not include the benefits of hedging. Let's now turn to our capital position, which is summarized on Slide 23. As you can see, The Hartford's capital resources totaled $18.1 billion at June 30, compared with $18.7 billion at the end of March, principally due to lower U.S. life statutory surplus, which I'll cover in a minute. U.S. P&C surplus was down slightly due to the normal quarterly dividend paid to the holding company. Holding company resources were $2.2 billion before the $320 million July debt repayment and third quarter share repurchases. Slide 24 shows the components of the change in U.S. statutory surplus. As you can see, the largest impact on U.S. life statutory surplus was the negative VA impact of approximately $600 million. This decline was principally due to the Japan VA hedging losses, as the majority of the Japan VA hedges are in U.S. life legal entities, but only a portion of the policyholder liability is in our U.S. life legal entities. Our hedge programs performed this quarter as designed. As a reminder, our hedging programs target the economic value of the VA block, not statutory or GAAP accounting. However, our hedge results closely match the change in the economics of the book, which we call market consistent value or MCV. The MCV has improved over the past quarter with the weakening of the yen, higher global equity markets and higher interest rates. Aside from the VA impacts, statutory capital impacts were relatively modest this quarter, and I would draw your attention to the positive life statutory earnings reflecting better group benefits and fixed annuity results. Although statutory capital declined during the quarter, our overall capital margins remained strong and has improved since year end, reflecting the reduction in risk of our business, including the impact of business sales. Overall, current capital resources were $18.1 billion compared with the $16.6 billion at December 31, 2012, before the closing of the Life and Retirement Plans sales. I also wanted to update you on our Group Benefits legal entity separation project. Slide 25 shows our current legal structure on the left side, and on the right, what it will look like once we complete the legal entity separation project. Part of our Group Benefits business is included in Talcott Resolution legal entities, which we want to restructure, so that management and legal entities are aligned. The legal entity separation process requires regulatory licensing approval from New York for Hartford Life and Accident, which we call HLA, to write Group Benefits business in New York. We intend to move some capital within the life group in order to capitalize HLA to higher standalone RBC levels, which will require approval from the Connecticut Department of Insurance to move the funds within the life group. We do not expect to use holding company or P&C capital resources for this legal entity separation. We are also working on operational initiatives needed to achieve this separation, and are on track to complete by early 2014. Now I'd like to cover our third quarter outlook on Slide 26. Our third quarter outlook projects core earnings of approximately $345 million to $370 million or $0.70 to $0.75 per diluted share, assuming a weighted average share count of approximately $490 million. Included in this outlook are the following: first, catastrophe losses of $86 million after tax; second, Talcott core earnings of $160 million to $175 million, including approximately $7 million in after tax costs for the ESV program; third, prior year development for the accretion of discount on worker's compensation reserves of $6 million after tax, no other prior year development is included in this outlook; fourth, our outlook for a limited partnership investment income is about $5 million before tax, lower than our annual 6% assumption due to the expected fund performance in the third quarter; finally, around $200 million of share and warrant repurchases in the third quarter. As a reminder, core earnings do not include restructuring charges or DAC unlocks, including any impacts from our annual policyholder behavior study in the third quarter. To wrap up the second quarter, let me summarize a few themes. Our go-forward businesses are producing strong results, reflecting disciplined pricing actions. We are confident in our ability to profitably grow and improve margins, which will offset the decline in Talcott earnings going forward. We are focused on continuing our transformation of The Hartford by improving our overall cost competitiveness, with a continuous process improvement mindset. We are pleased by the trends we see at Talcott, which contributes to the goals of reducing the risk and size of the VA blocks. Capital resources and margin remain robust with Talcott remaining capital self-sufficient. Lastly, we have a positive outlook for the remainder of the year with expanding margins, assuming cats are in line with expectations. Now I'll turn the call over to Sabra, so we could begin the Q&A answer session. Sabra?
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. We know our prepared comments went a little long this morning, but we've reserved about 30 minutes for Q&A. Please be considerate of others and limit yourself to 1 question and a follow-up. And you're, of course, welcome to requeue for additional question. Laurel, could you please give the Q&A instructions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just the first question, just given the increase in the pace of runoff for the VA blocks, can you talk about the potential timing for taking a dividend from Talcott? And is there any possibility of taking out money in 2014?
Liam E. McGee: I'll turn that over to Chris.
Christopher John Swift: Well, thank you. I think just the context on that is, yes, we are pleased with what we're seeing in Talcott, both in Japan and the U.S. as far as increased lapses. I think what we said in our Investor April Day, it remains true today, is that we do expect to take dividends out of Talcott in early 2015 or possibly late 2014. But do -- surrenders do help? No doubt about it. But I think we'd like to see where they sort of normalize out on a basis going forward, and we'll revise our thinking probably in early '14. And once we do, we'll let you know if we have any changes to our dividend plans.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And just one follow-up. Any -- given the success of the ESV program, any interests or opportunities for further Enhance Surrender programs going forward?
Liam E. McGee: Erik, Beth will take that.
Beth A. Bombara: Sure, thank you. So as both Liam and Chris said, we've been very pleased with the success of the ESV program. And we plan to continue to evaluate the potential for other types of programs, and we'd expect that we would continue to be very targeted in how we would look at those. I'd also point out, there are other things that we're doing, as it relates to just managing the book and looking at ways to reduce the risk. So we are in the process right now of utilizing certain provisions at our contracts to increase writer fees, to turn off some investment options for subsequent payments or transfer of funds, as well as enforcing, in some limited situations, investment allocation restrictions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the Japan surrenders, can you give us a sense of -- I know that the annualized surrender level came off a bit in July, but would you anticipate that we should approach a more normalized level at some point? Or can we still keep running at these double-digit levels?
Liam E. McGee: Beth will take that, Jake.
Beth A. Bombara: Okay. Yes, so let me give you a little bit of color on the surrender rate. If we look back over the last several months, so as we said, 34.8% for the quarter. But if you look at it by month, in April we were running at about 23%. May, we spiked up to 50%. June was at 29.5%. And as Chris said, for July, we're running at about 30%. So it's hard for us to predict at to what levels things will level off at. But we are seeing that as markets continue to improve and as markets stay at these levels, the activity rates continue to be high.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then separately in Commercial P&C, premium growth turned positive for the first time in a few quarters. I'm trying to get a sense of whether you feel that's sustainable. And I think there was also a bit of confusion about the pace of rate increases in Standard Commercial having flattened, whereas based on some of the prior disclosure, it looks like it dipped a bit.
Douglas G. Elliot: Jay, this is Doug. So a few comments. One is the overall Standard Commercial is generally flat, so we were 8% in the quarter, and I think that's about where we were in first quarter. I did give you some commentary about Middle Market versus Small. And in the Middle Market, we were off sequentially a point or so from first quarter, but still very strong at 8%. So I think you've got to get inside the markets to understand that. And we feel good about that progress, and given the amount of positive change we've had the last couple of years, feel good about sustained margin improvement. The question about new business, we had a good new business quarter and our overall Middle Market growth up a touch. It's -- my comment was, it's the first quarter we've seen growth in the Middle Market in quite some time. We have done a lot of work, particularly in our worker's comp book, but we feel like a lot of that work is behind us and we're looking good about moving forward.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I appreciate that. Just to clarify on that Standard Commercial renewal pricing, the disclosure looks a bit different in 2Q than 1Q in terms of the pace of rate increases. What changed there in terms of how that's being calculated?
Douglas G. Elliot: So we refined our approach to calculations just slightly. And first, I would say that the overall trends are very consistent throughout the periods but have moved to more an effective policy-month basis, which means that we continue to follow policies and we'll adjust accordingly on mid-term cancels, and cancels flat out an extended period and push the results back into prior periods. So with those changes, from time-to-time, you'll have some slight deviations from prior periods, and I think it's a much more effective, more accurate way for us to watch the book of business performing.
Operator: You're next question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Maybe stick with Doug for the first question. I guess just on Specialty, I'm trying to understand kind of the story a little bit on the program business. I think I heard you say that much of the actions have been completed and that the pricing levels are hitting targets, I may have mis-, kind of, characterized that a little bit. But then you look at the combined ratio for the quarter x-cat x-development 105.7%. So I guess I'm just trying to kind of put those -- put everything together and think about where -- like, where is Specialty in terms of the culling of the unprofitable programs and kind of repricing those? And the combined ratio outlook on that?
Douglas G. Elliot: Good question, Mark, this is Doug. So keep in mind, inside Specialty, there really are 3 very different books of business. Our national casualty book, which essentially is an excess casualty book, well performing at our targets. We had a good quarter of new business. And again, those targets, the target combined ratios for 10% to 15% return are much higher than our normal Standard or Small Commercial targets. They're in excess of 105% and they move based on yield levels. So that's why the overall segment will never perform at a combined ratio equal to Middle, because they've got different targets. Secondly, our financial product book. Over the last couple of years, we've done a lot of work, and that book has really shaped nicely over the last couple of years, as we've moved away from some of the larger financial institution business. And as you saw, we had a release in quarter, so we feel good about that book of business. And then in the programs area, there are about 50 programs and we've worked our way through all those 50 programs. And in some cases, we're taking very aggressive corrective strategies, in some cases, exit. I'll share with you that in the specialty auto programs, where we've had some degree of pain over the last couple of years, essentially are exiting those programs, have largely nonrenewed those blocks. So we've taken some balance sheet work in the quarter, where we strengthen reserves, and I think underwriting lies. We're in a much better spot moving forward.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just to follow up on that. So it's essentially the actions that you need to take, whether it's on the culling or the pricing side, largely complete at the end of the second quarter, is that the message on the kind of the third book of business that you're referring to?
Douglas G. Elliot: Yes, I think that's very accurate -- definitely accurate on the auto liability programs. And obviously, as we shift our way through the rest, we'll spend more time. But much better shape of that overall book of business than a year ago.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess maybe just going back to the life side. I'd seem to recall, Chris, you mentioning at the Investor Day or maybe it was somebody else, but that you go through a third quarter assumption review on the life side. I'm trying to think about how the surrenders are going to factor into that, and is there any early read on how we should think about that?
Christopher John Swift: Mark, it's Chris. I'm not sure who talked about it. But I think the context maybe just for this year's study, is if you particularly look at some of the items that we've taken already, meaning like the Japan DAC write-off in the first quarter due to expanded hedging, when I look at the assumption update, I see very minor GAAP and stat impacts, just given some of the things we've already dealt with. I think as we look out net-net, higher surrenders will most likely -- I'm hedging a little bit, but most likely be positive on a GAAP and stat basis. But we're in the midst of that study, but I generally don't expect any material surprises, charges as we complete that study, Mark.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just final one, one quick question on the quality of the Japan surrenders. I mean, I know that you're going to always be distorted towards -- the more out of the moneyness, but is it a cross-section across the book? Or is it really kind of mainly the stuff that's out of the money?
Beth A. Bombara: So when we look at the -- where the lapses are coming from, it really is once we see the account value exceed the guarantee. And I would say, it's very sensitive right at that -- right when we get to that 100% level. So that is where we see the increase a little bit, maybe, when they're in that 95% to 100%, but it really is when they cross that line. So as markets continue to improve, and we just see more and more of the book, and it's hitting that point, that's where we're seeing the surrenders come from.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm with BofA Merrill Lynch. A couple of questions. For the third quarter guidance, Chris, you had mentioned a somewhat lower run rate for the performance of some of the alternative investment funds. Is that because these are reported on a lag, you have a sense of the performance already?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I would say a combination of that, and then just the early read into July's performance. So I would say July was pretty volatile and some of our alternative allocations actually went negative for July. So as we look really at the remaining 2 months, August and September, Jay, we just are heavily influenced by what we're seeing through June and July.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, got it. Second question, on asbestos. You've been at this a long time, still taking material charges. Do you feel as if you are getting down to the short strokes? Do you have any more confidence that next year will be a much lower number than what we've seen this year?
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. I understand the question, and all I could tell you is when we study our process -- I mean, you know it's a comprehensive ground up process where we'd look at detailed coverage charge on our individual insurers and see the entire picture. We react to, I'll call it, the new data that we're seeing. And as I -- we wrote about in the queue, we're seeing just a little uptick in frequency compared to prior year, and again, modest severity. So there's no fundamental trends that are different this year. It's still a peripheral issue for us. I would say that plaintiff counsel has continued to be expansive in some of their theories. So as I really sit here, honestly, and look at, I'll call it, our reserves, look at our survival ratios, I mean, I feel good about what we'd reacted to this year and what we're seeing and we've made our best estimate. But as you know, it's awful hard to predict where this is going to go 2, 3 years out. And all I could tell you is, well, we do our best job every year and make the appropriate adjustments that we see are needed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions. I realize there's so much that goes into the calculation of a market consistent approach. But recognizing that the statutory accounting gets in the way, the reserves in Japan, the hedges in the U.S., that sort of thing, can you give us some sense given the significant surrender activity, as well as the reduction in the moneyness? Can you give us some sense for percentage-wise, maybe how much you think the market consistent value of the VA blocks increased?
Christopher John Swift: John, it's Chris. I understand your point. Again, I think the context is, as we explained in Investor Day, particularly in Japan, that we are really sort of market-neutral at that point for Japan. So as our hedging losses -- as we hedge, I mean, the hedging losses are virtually offset entirely by gains in our MCV. And as we looked at results this quarter, that pattern, all the -- exactly the same. So that our hedging programs, as I said, are working as designed. We're hedging the economics. We took risk off the table completely in Japan. And that's a change from the first quarter where we were still under our tail hedge program. So the losses might seem large, but I can tell you that it was virtually offset by an increase in our MCV.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then the second question I have for you is just thinking about the third quarter guidance maybe relative to second quarter results, and most specifically just thinking about non-cat weather. It seems to me that you're either building in, maybe it's just some seasonality, maybe it's some normalization of non-cat weather, but it seems like it's material. You mentioned a favorable or somewhat favorable non-cat weather in 2Q. I was just hoping you could maybe quantify for us or give us some sense for how much non-cat weather is playing into the guidance in 3Q versus 2Q?
Christopher John Swift: John, as I just roll forward, I'll call it, second quarter to the third quarter, I think the 2 big items are lower partnership alternative returns and lower Talcott earnings. I think if I look at Doug's book of business in Commercial, I don't see that much seasonality. I think Andy probably has a little bit more with driving patterns, weather patterns. So I would say that there's some, but I wouldn't describe it as ordinarily immaterial. The more seasonalities in the second quarter with obviously a higher cats, and you saw our cat load for the quarter. So it's me, it's Talcott and it's just lower partnership returns which, again, we're reacting to data that we've seen through July here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions here. First, I'm just curious, the impact of the ESV program here going forward on Talcott results, should we see that largely go away in the third quarter? Or when is that going to start going away, that $23 million?
Christopher John Swift: Brian, I think in my guidance and hopefully on the slide, I know it is. We described the ESV expenses for the third quarter estimated to be lower at $7 million after tax.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And will that continue to kind of run down at that trend? Do you think in the fourth quarter is that better?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. Again, it's -- I think Beth expects. And she could describe it, the take rate at 30%. Yes, we see the sort of -- a dissipation of that take rate, so we don't think it's going to increase material -- materially going forward. So $5 million, $3 million a quarter probably -- is probably a better number going forward.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then Andy hasn't talked -- a quick question for Andy. On the questions, Andy, at looking at the underwriting expense, they've been dropping at about 5% a quarter for the last couple of quarters in your area, is that something we should continue to see going forward? Or is there something unusual happening in the first half?
Andr A. Napoli: Brian, it's Andy. Thanks. Yes, so you saw a 1 point improvement on a year-over-year basis in the quarter. I would say about 1/3 of that is sustainable going forward. The rest of it was sort of one-timers around timing and some other things. But it's an area that we pay really strict attention to, but I would say 1/3 of that is sustainable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess first question for you, just following up on the ESV program, the higher lapses in Japan and all. Certainly, I think, the pace is above what many of us have thought. I'm wondering if it at all changes kind of the leverage you would be considering in terms of accelerating the runoff of the block.
Liam E. McGee: Well, certainly, Chris, it's an important variable. As Chris Swift said, just a few moments ago, as we look at the business, we're going to monitor both the U.S. and Japan lapse rates very closely. And we are positioned -- I would describe as, largely unchanged. We're going to do what's in the best interest of shareholders, whether -- and watching lapse rates will be a part of that, and exploring potential permanent transfer of the Japan book, in particular, is something we'll explore as well. So having said that as a high-level comment, I'll -- if Beth has anything to add, I encourage her to do so.
Beth A. Bombara: No, Liam, I think you said it very well. Our view of the ways that we look to manage this block have not changed, and we'll continue to look at solutions that are in the best interest of shareholders.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I just wanted to see if you guys had any comments on any potential impacts from a regulatory standpoint on some of the recent topics that have been out there around maybe your captive implications from new derivative rules. And then lastly, any backlash from the ESV programs that seem to be coming on more frequently from other carriers as well?
Christopher John Swift: Chris, I'll cover the first 2. Beth can maybe comment upon the ESV. So the simple answer is there's really no backlash. There really isn't anything going on with our captives. We got rid of one related to the life business. We have White River, which is our Vermont onshore captive that follows USVA accounting rules, so I think it's pretty straightforward. I think all the derivative actions, as far as Dodd-Frank, we're adopting. There's really no material impact on liquidity or any issues with those related to derivatives. Beth?
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, on your last comment, no, we do not -- have not seen any issues that relate to regulators with the activities that we have underway. Our process, I think, is very transparent. And we continue to be very clear with our policyholders as to what their options are, and we will continue to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Some of my questions were answered. But on the Group Benefits business, can you talk about how far along you are in your repricing of the disability block? And what the environment is like in terms of what competitors are doing? And then secondly, on commercial auto, you've had several quarters of adverse development. Maybe if you could just give us some insight on what's going on there?
Douglas G. Elliot: Sure, Jimmy, this is Doug. Let's start on disability and just give you a sense on where that cycle is. We started repricing the disability book in the early part of 2011. But I would say probably more the second quarter into the third quarter did it pick up quite a bit of steam, which is why I made the comment today that the January 2014 block really does largely complete that cycle. So we're working, as you know, in the midst of that as we speak. And hopeful that we'll see a continued rational environment, which is how I described kind of the marketplace we're competing in today with Group. In the commercial auto space, we have seen some dynamics of severity and weakness in performance across really our middle and small books, and have been working aggressively on those strategies, if you will. Obviously, I've talked a lot about the program space, and those reiterating actions are well underway. But it's an area that has caught our attention, and I would say for the last year or so, we've really spent a lot of time focused there. And I feel like our behavior is clearly in line with improving trends that we're starting to see. And also the fact that we are, state-by-state, looking at our rate adequacy in certain places taking rate, we're moving our rate to the extent we need to move.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Has the development been more concentrated in a certain region or certain customer group?
Douglas G. Elliot: No. Certainly, the development has been concentrated in our program group. I think it's more of a go-forward look at the trends coming at us and making sure that we're out in front of those trends from a pricing perspective, that are margins are improving in auto the same way they are across other lines of business.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I just had a quick question. I think this is best for Doug, and it has to do with worker's compensation. I know that's been an area that you've been working on from a pricing and kind of a risk-reduction perspective and it's worked very well, but the top line growth is still low, as some of the other questioners kind of pointed out. And so I'm wondering now that you're expanding margins in workers' comp and the economy is getting better, which is kind of a driver of the risk in workers' comp, but you might think about increasing your appetite again there, especially in a state like California.
Douglas G. Elliot: So Randy, the workers' comp question is a complicated one, and I would just ask you to think about the different dynamics across our markets. In the case of Small Commercial, where we're clearly a leader, our rate adequacies and our performance has been excellent. We look forward and still see tremendous opportunity. And so as we grew in the quarter, I feel good about the quarter and good about our returns. In the middle, we've made material changes, and our performance has improved greatly. And I would describe the overall adequacy of the product and the opportunities as much enhanced today versus where they would have been a year ago and certainly 2 years ago. And one of the reasons that we grew in the quarter is that we're feeling slightly better about the rate adequacies across that overall book, including comp. So yes, we'll be looking at opportunities moving forward. We're clearly looking at those opportunities on an all lines basis, where comp is a part of it, but not the only product we'll be offering. And I feel good about our opportunities as we get those competencies really lined up and well in good shape to compete in the marketplace effectively.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And is there any commentary you can give us on the states? I know that you've gotten smaller in California, in particular. Is that a place where you might look to be more competitive again on package?
Douglas G. Elliot: So there's several key states. Obviously, the big 4 or 5 are states that we spend a lot of time on, California, New York, Texas, et cetera. But all those states have their own nuances. And I would just point out, in the case of New York State, with what looks like an improved workers' comp pricing filing coming through. We're feeling better about the opportunity for us to do a little bit more in New York. So all those states have very state-specific strategies. Their class strategies are overlaid across the states, and I think it would be a little bit unfair for me to characterize across the top in terms of exactly California. But we're feeling much better about the adequacy and the performance of our book and feel like we're clearly a little bit more in an offensive zone than we have been over the last couple of years.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just one follow-up on comp. With the New York charge, is that -- I mean, should we think of that as being a kind of a nonrecurring item?
Douglas G. Elliot: That's certainly the way we think about it. Yes, we looked at our histories. I think you know the law changed, and we put up the $80 million to deal with what we think will be the impact for our understanding of essentially the fact that 25-A goes away.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in The Hartford. And we are here at The Hartford this afternoon to follow up with any additional questions you might have. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Liam E. McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Douglas G. Elliot - Executive Vice President, President of Commercial Markets and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Andr A. Napoli - President of Consumer Markets & Enterprise Business Services and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee Beth A. Bombara - President of Talcott Resolution, Executive Vice President and Member of Enterprise Risk & Capital Committee
Analysts: John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steve, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'll now turn the conference over to Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Our speakers today include Liam McGee, Chairman, President and CEO; Doug Elliot, President of Commercial Markets; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; and Chris Swift, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our executive management team are also present today and available for the Q&A session, including Beth Bombara, President of Talcott Resolution; Jim Davey, EVP of Mutual Funds; and Bob Rupp, Chief Risk Officer. As detailed on Page 2 of the presentation, today's statements concerning future results or actions are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ in a material manner from these statements. In addition, we do not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements. Investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ. Our press release, 10-K, 2012 -- or excuse me, 10-Q, 2012 10-K and other filings with the SEC contain a more detailed description of those risks and uncertainties. Finally, please note that our presentation today includes financial measures that are not derived from GAAP. Definitions and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided in the Financial Supplement press release and 10-Q. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today, and I also want to give a special thanks to those of you who participated in our investor meeting. And on behalf of the entire team, we hope you found the information valuable. As you know, The Hartford delivered strong first quarter results. Core earnings were $456 million, up 7% over first quarter 2012, and we were particularly pleased that core earnings for the go-forward businesses, property and casualty, group benefits and mutual funds, were up 19% over the prior year. The significant improvement is a result of the initiatives that Doug, Andy and Jim and their teams have launched over the past 2 years. We've been successfully executing our plans, and I do want to take a moment to highlight some key accomplishments. We're making good progress expanding margins in P&C Commercial. Market conditions have been conducive to our pricing and risk management actions, and our day-to-day execution is showing up in the results. I'm also encouraged by our early success in driving greater product diversification. Now Doug will talk about this shortly as we are seeing stronger new business production in general liability and property, and I believe we will ultimately achieve a better balance among all our commercial P&C lines of business. I am pleased that Group Benefits core earnings are beginning to recover and optimistic that operating trends are improving. The benefits of our pricing and underwriting initiatives are clearly paying off with improving margins, and we are continuing to make the right decisions to balance new sales, persistency and pricing. We still have another round of multi-year contract renewals in early 2014 to bring the overall profitability of the book in line with our targets. Going forward, we see opportunities for growth in new sales but will do so only with appropriate pricing and profitability. Consumer Markets also continued to make strides improving profitability while returning to written premium growth for the first time since 2009. The actions Andy and his team have taken over the last 2 years to reposition the book are bearing fruit, and I'm pleased with the results, including sequential growth in policies enforced, a result we have not seen since 2008. Finally, we're adding profitable new business by leveraging our valuable partnership with AARP. Jim Davey and his team have reenergized the Mutual Funds business and drove sales up 34% this quarter. The business expanded product offerings and restructured its distribution team. Fund performance also improved, which helped increase sales and net flows were the best they have been since the first quarter of 2011. As we shared with you at our investor meeting, the go-forward businesses have attractive returns, with ROEs expected to be around 9.5% to 10% this year, with our outlook for 2014 for these businesses at 10% to 10.5%. Over the last 4 months, we accomplished a great deal in the company's transformation, and I am pleased that this team is establishing a successful track record of executing on our commitments to deliver greater value to shareholders. First, in January, we closed the sales of Individual Life and Retirement Plans. Second, we completed a major portion of our capital management plan with the debt tender offers and senior note issuance. We do not expect to repurchase any additional debt through 2014 beyond the '13 and '14 debt maturities. We also started buying back shares under the existing share repurchase authorization. Third, we've significantly reduced the risk of the variable annuity block. The expanded hedging program has effectively eliminated the currency and equity market risk in Japan. The run-off of the block is continuing to accelerate. The Enhanced Surrender Value or ESV offering take rate is higher than our original expectations and has continued to increase into April. With improving market conditions, the Japan VA surrender rate has significantly increased, a trend that continued into the second quarter. With our Talcott operations capital self-sufficient, excess capital generated by the go-forward businesses will be used for potential capital management actions and reinvestment in our businesses to drive profitable growth. Our capital flexibility has significantly improved, and we are developing the next phase of our 2013 and 2014 capital management plans. Thanks again for joining us, and I'll now turn the call over to Doug for a discussion on Commercial Markets. Doug?
Douglas G. Elliot: Thank you, Liam, and good morning, everyone. I will cover our P&C Commercial and Group Benefits results for the first quarter of '13. I'll also provide some commentary on the marketplace and several of our key business objectives. At the top of that list of objectives is our focus on margin improvement, which is clearly evident this quarter. Before I dive into the mechanics of our quarter, let me share a few overarching thoughts. I'm very pleased with the sustained rate increases we're seeing broadly across our book. Our written rate increases are exceeding loss cost trends in essentially every line of business, in some cases, significantly. With the extended extreme weather pattern we seem to be in, coupled with the sustained low interest rates for the foreseeable future, I see the continued need to drive for further rate gains. This month marks my second anniversary here at The Hartford. I'm more excited than ever about our progress that the team is making in every area of commercial markets. We are becoming a more balanced player across our product portfolio and more results-driven in our execution. Our speed, focus and intensity has increased significantly as we respond to macroeconomic forces, as well as the ongoing shifts that regularly affect local markets around the country. In short, we're executing on the exact strategy I shared with you all at our December 2011 Investor Day. With that as a backdrop, let me review our first quarter results. The P&C Commercial segment continued a strong pricing momentum during the first quarter of 2013. Our underwriting actions are driving improvement in margin performance, and while these actions put pressure on our new business and retentions, we're confident that we're making the right trade-offs on a risk-by-risk basis. Our all-in combined ratio for the quarter was 94, a decrease of 5.7 points from the 99.7 in the first quarter of 2012. This margin improvement reflects our focus on pricing and targeted underwriting actions, as well as lower cats and prior year development versus 2012. Our first quarter results further highlight the significant improvements we're seeing and the depth and speed of our actions since 1 year ago. The x cat, x prior year combined ratio for the quarter was 93.1 versus 96.4 for the prior year period, a solid improvement. Our cumulative rate change in the Middle Market over the last 6 quarters positions us for continued improvement in '13. We achieved margin improvement across both our Small Commercial and Middle Market businesses. Small Commercial combined ratios, x cat, x prior year, improved to 89.2 from 91.8. Our production measures were also solid in the quarter, as policy retention remained steady at 82%. Pricing in the quarter was strong at 8%, consistent with the fourth quarter of 2012 and nearly double the same period 1 year ago. We also wrote $134 million of new business in the quarter, contributing to total written premium growth of 3%. We're satisfied with this level of growth given the market conditions we see but expect to grow this segment more significantly over the mid- to long-term time horizon. We have just initiated the rollout of our new spectrum or BOP quoting platform, which now will complement our workers' compensation model rolled out last year. The early reviews from agents are impressive and extremely encouraging. The tool was built with speed and efficiency in mind, and we're excited about what this will mean for increased flow from the thousands of agents we conduct business with every day. The Middle Market also had a solid start to 2013, with a combined ratio of 95.8, x cat, x prior year development. This 95.8 was 3.4 points lower than the first quarter of '12. Our pricing increases remain strong with first quarter pricing at 11%, including workers' compensation and property in the low teens. Although premium retentions are lower than historical levels, they're driven primarily by workers' compensation, which is running roughly 10 points lower than property, general liability and auto. The latter 3 lines are all running retentions in the high 70s, not far from historical levels. We continue to aggressively manage this positive shift in our risk profile, and our margins are showing the benefit of these actions. One further point for our discussion this morning. At our Investor Day in December of 2011, I shared my outlook for a much more balanced product approach in our Middle Market. Here are a few key snapshots that will demonstrate our progress on the objectives we set out to achieve. In the first quarter of 2011, workers' compensation represented 60% of our Middle Market new business writings of $125 million. In the first quarter of 2013, workers' compensation represented 31% of our new business writings of $97 million. This outcome is a result of a plan designed in the second half of 2011 and executed every day since. We like this balance and are very pleased with our progress across our packaged lines of business in the Middle Market, recognizing that there's still work ahead for us. Let me now shift over to provide some color on the results of our Specialty business, which is comprised of 3 distinct units: National Accounts, Financial Products and Programs. Our combined ratio for the segment, x cat and x prior year development, was 98.9, 4 points better than 2012. However, we did have reserve strengthening of 13 points in the quarter, driving an unacceptable all-in combined ratio of 112.6. National Accounts has been a great story throughout 2012, and this continued in the first quarter of 2013. We focused on loss-sensitive accounts with premium and equivalents in the $1 million to $5 million range. Here, we're seeing very nice account growth in target industries with 15 new accounts in the first quarter of '13. Our pricing models have been solid, which coupled with our underwriting and claim capabilities, have produced attractive returns. Financial Products has undergone a significant retooling after emerging from the effects of the financial crisis. We have successfully pulled back from the publicly traded financial institution space, and we're selective with our approach in the large commercial D&O sector and tightly controlling the risks where we offer full coverage. We achieved a 6th consecutive quarter of positive rate gains with pricing of 4% in the quarter. These actions have produced substantial improvement in our loss outcomes, a major contributor to the improvement seen in the overall Specialty results. The Programs unit is comprised of over 50 different group and agency captive and specialty programs. Approximately 2/3 of these programs have performed consistently well over the years, and current underwriting actions are in the normal course of managing this book of business. The other 1/3 are undergoing more intensive reunderwriting or in a few cases, shutting down. Two of these programs account for the adverse development we posted in the first quarter of '13, representing $28 million of prior year strengthening, $18 million and $10 million for workers' compensation and auto, respectively. Overall, we believe we have excellent franchise value in the go-forward aspects of our Specialty business. Aggressive actions have been taken to position these businesses for success, and we're committed to the underwriting, pricing and claim performance standards that we know drive results. Let me now turn to our Group Benefits segment, which started the year on a high note. Core earnings of $30 million in the quarter, $25 million more than 1 year ago, are the result of after-tax margin improvement to 3.2% from 0.5% last year. We're off to a solid start in '13. As you know, we've been focused on improving the margins of this business for about 2 years, now through rate increases, underwriting discipline and overall book management. The total Group Benefits loss ratio was 77.4 in the quarter, a 5.6-point reduction from 1 year ago, with disability improved by 8.3 points. Our long-term disability pricing in the mid-teens for the quarter continued to be very strong. As expected and outlooked previously, our first quarter premium was down compared to last year. Three key drivers of this result include: first, our continued commitment to pricing discipline on new and renewal business; second, as I shared with you last quarter, we were unable to agree on renewal terms with our largest account; and three, a slight decline in our association business as we take action on certain segments of that book. Again, I think we're making appropriate trade-off decisions based on solid metrics and a balanced view of both the economy and the interest rate environment. During the quarter, we continued to strengthen our leadership team by hiring a very respected and seasoned Group Benefits player to lead our sales effort. We're aggressively pursuing new business opportunities and the retention of existing accounts at appropriate economic terms. We continue to retain well-priced accounts and generate new sales. We believe that our discipline under the current market dynamics will position us most effectively for success as conditions evolve. In summary, we're confident we're turning the corner based on the actions we've driven in our book of business, and our core margin improvement reflects that effort. As I step back on the first quarter, every commercial business had a solid start to 2013. The momentum that started over 6 quarters ago continues to build, and I'm pleased by the returns that our books are now generating. There's plenty of work left, but our forward momentum continues to grow every day. Let me now turn the call over to Andy Napoli.
Andr A. Napoli: Thanks, Doug. Good morning. The first quarter of 2013 marked an important milestone for consumer markets, with a return to positive year-over-year written premium growth and a sequential increase in policies enforced for both auto and homeowners since the fourth quarter of 2012. After improving profitability over the past 2 years, we're in a great position to grow top line going forward. We're pleased with our underwriting result in the first quarter, as earned pricing has kept pace with loss cost in both auto and home and we benefited from lower expenses. The return to top line growth with improving margins demonstrates the effective execution of our strategy. The actions we took over the past couple of years to reposition consumer benefited results in 2012 and now carry forward into 2013, and we're pleased with the new business we're adding to our in-force book. Since the moderation of written pricing increases in 2012, we continue to see a rebound in policy retention and sustained new business growth. Importantly, premium retention improved in the first quarter of 2013 when compared to the fourth quarter of 2012, demonstrating our ability to achieve needed rate increases without adversely impacting policy retention. Now I'll address the specifics of our first quarter results, starting with our results in aggregate. Excluding cats and prior development, our combined ratio improved slightly to 88.6 in the first quarter, driven largely by greater expense efficiency. Auto margins benefited from lower expenses, while x cat current accident year loss costs for auto were relatively flat year-over-year. Earned pricing increases and favorable liability frequency have offset moderately higher liability and physical damage severity. We're pleased to see that physical damage severity has moderated significantly since the first half of 2012, but we'll continue to stay on top of expected loss trends. In homeowners, we benefited from favorable weather in the first quarter. Current accident year catastrophes were $26 million in the quarter, about half our budget and down from $39 million in the first quarter of 2012. Likewise, x cat homeowners losses benefited from favorable weather frequency, especially as wind and hail events were suppressed by the colder temperatures in March. Partially offsetting this favorability was an increase in water-related claims like frozen pipes, which have higher severity. While consumer markets core earnings for the quarter were strong at $73 million, they were down year-over-year as we recognized $55 million of favorable prior year reserve development in the first quarter of 2012. Now let's transition to growth. First quarter written premium was up 2% over the prior year, and we're pleased with this progress. The growth was driven by a significant increase in premium retention, 4 points in auto and 3 points in home since the first quarter of 2012. New business grew 1% in auto and 20% in homeowners, driven by higher conversion rates in AARP Direct and 67% growth in AARP Agency. After last year's highly successful rollout of our new Home Advantage product, growth in homeowners is beginning to moderate, down sequentially from 30% in the fourth quarter. A few comments regarding AARP Agency. This initiative continues to be a valuable differentiator for us within the agency channel. Our ability to bring AARP-branded marketing to agents has helped them grow by improving their ability to target a highly preferred personal lines customer segment. Our issue rates for AARP member business significantly outperformed that of our non-AARP business, and our strategy is all about helping our agents generate very productive leads and maximize this program. We're seeing strong new business growth in a couple of larger states where we're comfortable with our returns, including California and Illinois. The rollout of our Home Advantage product in California and the introduction of a new agency channel pricing model in Illinois and other states have helped drive profitable growth. Enhancements to agency auto pricing have improved our issue rates for individuals in the 35 to 55 age bracket, helping us expand our underwriting sweet spot to include younger preferred segments. On the other hand, we have states where we're contracting new business, most notably in Florida and New York, where margins are challenged. While we'd like to be growing and achieving our profit targets in all states, there's a spectrum of results at the local level, and we're being disciplined about achieving our combined ratio targets in all states and products. Over the past few months, several of you expressed interest in our telematics usage-based insurance program called TrueLane. While still very new, we're pleased with early results. We have approximately 1,600 TrueLane policies in force across 12 states in all channels and expect the product to be in 15 states by the end of 2013. TrueLane customers average a 10% discount, and early loss experience results show that they are earning their discount. We have a range of customers enrolled in the program across all age and market segments. While we'll have to prove this out, our hypothesis is that we'll achieve higher retention of TrueLane customers as they realize the benefits of the program. Some final comments regarding profitability. At a countrywide level, AARP auto continues to perform near its combined ratio target, reflecting favorable loss experience inherent with this preferred segment. We're making progress towards improving margins in other channels as profitability in non-AARP agency improved 2 points since the first quarter of 2012. In closing, we're very pleased with results in consumer markets for the first quarter and our ability to return to top line growth while improving profitability. We will continue to build on this momentum going forward. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Andy. Good morning, everyone. This morning, I have 3 items to cover: first, I'll summarize first quarter results; second, I'll provide an update on capital resources; and third, I'll provide a core earnings outlook for the second quarter. Let's begin on Slide 15. First quarter 2013 core earnings were up 7% to $456 million or $0.92 per diluted share. The first quarter of 2012 included $38 million of core earnings from the Individual Life and Retirement Plans businesses, which were sold in January of 2013. Core earnings grew principally because of strong results from our P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Fund businesses, which had a 19% increase in core earnings. In addition, lower interest expense helped reduce corporate losses by $29 million. Doug and Andy covered the P&C and Group Benefit results. Let me briefly touch upon Mutual Funds and Talcott. You can find details on these segments in the appendix for today's slides and in the IFS. Mutual Funds continues to build momentum in key areas of the business, including sales, net flows and fund performance. Core earnings were $20 million in the quarter, up from the fourth quarter of 2012 and flat the prior year. As Liam mentioned, the business is regaining sales momentum, and we are encouraged by their results over the past few quarters. Talcott results were down 26% due to the impact of the business sales and the cost of the ESP program, which reduced first quarter core earnings by $25 million after-tax and DAC. Excluding the impact of the businesses sold, Talcott's earnings were down 11%. We continue to be pleased with the metrics on the VA block. In April, surrenders on the Japan block continued to increase from the March levels. With improving markets, the net amount at risk in Japan has also improved. As of April 26, the GMIB NAR was $600 million, a $700 million improvement since March. Driven by the ESP program, full surrenders in the U.S. remain elevated in April. Our ESV offers continues to do well, with acceptance rates of 25% in the first phase and 20% in the second phase. The acceptance rate for the third phase, which launched on April 1, is 7%. Turning to Slide 16. First quarter core earnings included about $0.05 net for favorable cats and unfavorable prior year development. Cats were lower than forecast, slightly offset by $9 million of after-tax unfavorable prior year development, principally due to the 2 specialty programs that Doug just discussed. Excluding these items, core earnings per diluted share of $0.87 were above February's outlook of $0.75 to $0.80 due to better underwriting results in P&C and Group Benefits. The net loss for the quarter was $241 million, principally due to 2 charges that we previously announced: first, a DAC charge of $541 million, primarily due to the expanded Japan VA hedging; second, $138 million charge for the March debt tender offer. Turning to Slide 17. The Hartford's book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, was $39.09, down 4% from 1 year ago. Let me walk through the major items affecting the book value over the past year. We generated core earnings of $1.4 billion, which was offset by charges associated with our strategic initiatives. These charges included: first, $730 million in after-tax charges for the early extinguishment of debt from the Allianz refinancing in April of 2012 and a debt tender this quarter. Including the conversion of the preferred stock in April 1 and the upcoming 2013 and 2014 debt maturities, we will have reduced annualized pre-tax interest and dividends by $140 million an. almost 20% reduction from 2011; second, we sold Individual Life and Retirement Plans, which generated a material statutory capital benefit but resulted in a $413 million GAAP loss; third, we incurred a cumulative DAC unlock charge of $724 million, principally due to the expanded hedging for Japan VA. Also during the quarter, we began repurchasing shares under our current $500 million authorization and have repurchased a total of $68 million through April 29. We expect to repurchase about $100 million per quarter under the current authorization. At current share prices, our buyback program is accretive to book value and earnings per share. We are focused on improving ROEs and expect a core earnings ROE of 7.5% to 8% for 2013. We remain on target to meet that goal with an annualized core earnings ROE of 9.3% this quarter, which tends to be seasonally high because of lower catastrophe and weather losses. Our capital resources are summarized on Slide 18. As you can see on this slide, Hartford's capital resources totaled $18.7 billion at March 31, after approximately $1 billion for the debt tender program. Our capital resources rose by $2.1 billion, a significant improvement due to the business sales, earnings and favorable markets. The principal driver of the improvement in capital resources is the $1.5 billion increase in U.S. statutory surplus, of which $1.2 billion was in the Life Operations and $300 million in P&C. This net increase in statutory surplus is after $1.7 billion of dividends paid by the insurance companies during the quarter. Holding company resources totaled $2.1 billion at the end of March. These resources will be used for dividend and interest payments, maturing debt in 2013 and '14, as well as the balance of our $500 million share repurchase program. Slide 19 shows the components of the increase in U.S. statutory surplus. The $1.2 billion net increase in Life statutory surplus was due in part to a $500 million gain in variable annuities, reflecting higher market levels and yen weakening. In addition, a $100 million gain was generated in other Life operating income, including Group Benefits. We also had a statutory surplus gain of about $2 billion on the businesses sold during the quarter, which was slightly higher than our original estimate. The Life Operations paid a $1.5 billion dividend to the holding company during the quarter. Within our P&C companies, surplus increased by approximately $300 million, reflecting strong operating results after $200 million of dividends paid during the quarter. With strong capital resources and capital flexibility, we are developing the next phase of our capital management plans. As we discussed on April 11, the next phase will be focused on shareholders as we do not expect to tender for any additional debt in 2013 and 2014. We look forward to updating you on those plans. I'd now like to cover our second quarter outlook. Our second quarter outlook projects core earnings of approximately $315 million to $345 million or $0.65 to $0.70 per diluted share, assuming a weighted average share count of $489.5 million. Included in this outlook are the following: first, a catastrophe loss estimate of $121 million after-tax or $0.25 per share. As discussed in February, we increased our cat load assumptions as we experienced heavy second quarter losses for the last 2 years; second, $100 million of share and warrant repurchases during the quarter; third, this outlook does not include prior year development, except for the accretion of discount on workers' compensation reserves. As you know, we will complete our annual asbestos environmental reserve studies during the second quarter; finally, as a reminder, core earnings does not include DAC unlock or restructuring charges, which are included in net income. To wrap up, 2013 has been a busy year, and we are pleased with the progress we have made. We are focused on continuing our transformation of The Hartford by strengthening profit margins on the go-forward businesses and improving our capital and financial flexibility. We are encouraged by the trends we see at Talcott, and we remain focused on reducing the size and risk of the VA block. We are executing on our current capital management plans. Finally, we are developing the next phase of our 2013 and 2014 capital management program. All of these activities are focused on creating greater shareholder value. Now I'll turn the call over to Sabra so we can begin our Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. We have about 25 minutes before the next company's call begins. So in consideration of others who want to be on that call, please limit yourself to 1 question and a follow-up. Steve, could you please give the Q&A instructions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have a couple of just real quick ones. Given the higher level of Life Insurance company, U.S. Life company statutory capital, I was hoping you could just give us an update on your estimated risk-based capital ratio and timing for when you might be able to take a dividend to the holding company out of the Life company. And then I have a follow-up.
Christopher John Swift: John, it's Chris. So thanks for your question. I think the way we think about the RBC at the end of the first quarter in an approximate basis, I mean, it's north of 450% at HLA, but we have approximately $800-plus million of statutory capital at White River Re. And as we discussed on Investor Day, I mean, we're very encouraged by the capital flexibility that we're generating. While we don't have current plans to take out Life company dividends, I think we are putting ourselves in a position to do that by the end of 2014 or early '15.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I was hoping on the second quarter outlook, if you could just give us some estimate on what you're including in terms of the after-tax costs associated with the enhanced surrender program. It sounds like that's even more successful or at least, so far, it's very early in 2Q, but it sounds like it's more successful than it was in 1Q.
Christopher John Swift: Well, Beth might be able to provide more color on that program. But from the cost side, I think about it as -- it's about $25 million after-tax in both the first quarter and the second quarter, John.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And we should think about capital freeing up related to that cost at about a rate of 2 to 1?
Christopher John Swift: I think Beth described that in Investor Day fairly clearly, so I think that's a good point of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just, I guess, 1 question, just on kind of this next phase of the capital plan for '13 or '14. Obviously, you highlighted you're done with the debt reductions beyond what you outlined and pointed to the $100 million of buybacks, but I guess you continue to kind of include 2013 within this next phase. So, I guess, how should we be thinking about potential for either acceleration of buybacks this year or dividends in terms of the shareholder-friendly activities?
Liam E. McGee: Thanks, Chris. At a high level, I would say, first of all, we're very gratified and pleased with the amount of enhanced capital generation that Chris and Beth talked about at our Investor Day, as well as the increased capital flexibility that we have. And we've made a lot of progress, as you know, in making that happen in the last 4 months, reducing the size and risk of the variable annuity book, as you saw this quarter, improving trends in our go-forward businesses. The fact that Talcott is capital self-sufficient enables us now to take excess capital that will be generated by our go-forward businesses and use that for capital management activities and/or to invest in the business for future profitable growth. As Chris and I said repeatedly, because of -- and we said it, I think, at the Investor Day as well. Because we've got increased capital flexibility, we are developing the next phase of, as you say, the '13 and '14 capital management plans. As Chris pointed out, and I'll reiterate, those plans will be focused on shareholders. We would expect to communicate those to investors in the near term. And anything we do communicate, we would anticipate coming from holding company resources. So I think that's a greater context that we'd give you.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just 1 quick follow-up for Doug in terms of a lot of good color on the P&C business. Within Group Benefits, 1Q is historically the weakest, obviously, results certainly better there than what we were looking for. So would you kind of expect 1Q to kind of keep that pattern as seasonally weakest, and therefore, maybe we turn the corner on profitability here? How should we be thinking about kind of the improvement there going forward?
Douglas G. Elliot: I would say this, Chris, that in the prior first quarters, we've had some non-quarterly adjustments. I know in the first quarter '12, we had some adjusting for our '11 year. So that was a quarter that was really a bit out of sequence. I look at the first quarter '13 as largely symbolic of what we're doing. I think it's roughly a run rate-type quarter for us and very pleased with the progress we're making and look forward to the backside of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The question is on the expenses, in the P&C businesses. I guess we had assumed that the expense ratio would be somewhat elevated this year because of some of the orphaned expenses for the businesses that you had sold, and yet you didn't seem to see it. It feels as if you've done some other -- taken some other actions to make sure that didn't happen. If you could talk more about that. And then, I guess, related to that, as we look into next year, should we see further improvement as those kind of orphaned expenses do, in fact, go away?
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. So I'll provide maybe a comment or 2, and then Doug could also provide a comment. So thanks for noticing. We are committed, as we've been talking about, to becoming much more of an efficient organization. We have our $850 million goal for 2013. We believe we're going to achieve 90% of that this year. We have components of that goal that already focused in on enhancements and efficiencies, just besides taking out the orphaned costs, as you explained. So '13's activities are focused both on the orphaned activities, your words, and our own expense initiatives and activities. So they are beginning to show up in the run rate, and thanks for noticing. Doug, would you add any color?
Douglas G. Elliot: Maybe just the only other piece I would add, Chris, is that these quarters do tend to bounce around a little bit. We're on top of our expenses and obviously working hard to make sure that our run rate is moving ahead, are competitive in all our markets. First quarter tends to have some adjustment from prior year. So there were some adjustments to prior growth, particularly in the compensation area for agent accruals, but nothing that I would say would be way out of pattern. And we're pleased with progress here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions here. The first one, I'm just curious, there was a question about dividends out of the Life Operation. I'm just curious, what's your thoughts about the dividend out of the P&C operation this year? You did $200 million this quarter. It looks like you've got the ability to do well over $1 billion.
Christopher John Swift: Brian, it's Chris. We're going to continue with our current plan of $800 million annualized.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Second question. Andy, just curious. It's the first quarter I've seen a long time where you actually had a sequential increase in PIF in the auto space. Do you think that's a continuing trend here going forward?
Andr A. Napoli: Yes, Brian. Thanks for the question. I do believe that's a sustainable trend going forward. I guess I'll break it down by new and renewal business performance. First of all, new business. We talked a lot about AARP Agency and how that's a strong growth engine. It's a great way for us to connect with AARP members that prefer to shop in this channel. But the division doesn't grow premium and policies without really nailing our AARP Direct program. That's where the bulk of the premiums are. And I'll just remind you that, that is a direct model. It starts with really effective and efficient execution of our direct marketing program, that's direct mail, publications, print and digital media. It's also important to note that more than 90% of those responses end up in our call centers on the phones as potential sales. And so our phone execution has just been terrific over the past 12 months -- 12, 18 months. And you couple strong execution around sales in the call centers with a competitive rate level and you're going to see some pretty nice new business growth. On the renewal side, really, it's the moderation of the rate increases that we had to take a couple of years ago to correct some profitability issues is the biggest driver. But we're also much better at understanding the price sensitivity of our renewal book, particularly at the individual account level, something that we can't possibly know enough about. And I think this is really going to help us going forward with policy and premium retention.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bass from Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One question on sort of the Phase 2 of the capital plan. I guess, should we think about that including both capital being generated by the ongoing business, as well as potentially reducing the buffer for a stress scenario given the actions that you've taken to reduce VA risk? And then related to that, if you could just talk about, of that sort of stress buffer, how much of that capital is currently at the holding company?
Christopher John Swift: Eric, it's Chris. I'll take the last one first. I think we talked about this at the Investor Day. Of our stress capital in the 900 scenario of $2.2 billion, we'd say the majority of it is at the holding company already. As far as the '13 and '14 plan, when -- as Liam said, when we communicate that, you ought to think about us using existing resources and considering capital generation capabilities for the remainder of '13 and '14 for our businesses. And that's what we'll communicate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Crdit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a follow-up on that last question. So -- and Chris, if I understood you correctly, when I think pro forma, the debt issuance in April, you're going to be sitting on $2.4 billion of holdco resources. And if we consider that, what you're going to earn during the year is enough to service debt and pay common dividends. What is the appropriate holdco buffer? I presume 2 years worth of interest expenses would be considered overly conservative, so I'm assuming that would be enough. That would leave, of the $2.4 billion, probably north of $1 billion as presumably something that you could use. Am I in the right ballpark in terms of at least the building blocks here?
Christopher John Swift: I think, Tom, you are in the building blocks. I think you just need to keep in mind that you do have debt maturities coming due of $520 million. So if I understood your math, you added in the $300 million for the April debt issuance, but you didn't take out $520 million for '13 and '14 debt maturity. So with that minor point, I think you're thinking about it generally right. And we've said in prior settings that 2x interest and dividends feels good for us during this current period of time. So I would still have that in mind as a general rule of thumb.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. So yes, that would take the $2.4 billion down to $1.9 billion, but considering 2 years' worth of interest coverage, I got you. The other question I had, and I think this is pretty important, considering how people are thinking about Talcott and valuing it at I would say, pretty steep discount to statutory surplus. The $500 million of variable annuity capital generation this quarter, I just want to understand what's behind that because I know, the way you guys had been hedged, leading up to this point, had been -- where a lot of the upside on market movement, whether it was the yen weakening or equity markets being driven higher was offset by hedge losses. But obviously, you've hit a new inflection point here. I just want to understand the way the hedge is constructed and what happens from this point forward if yen continues to weaken and equity markets generally move higher. Will you continue to have a pretty significant amount of capital generation, at least just the market, based on market movements here?
Christopher John Swift: Tom, it's Chris. It's a great question. I would say, generally, no, just to be clear. So what we experienced in the past, particularly this quarter, would not be repeatable going forward, particularly as Bob and Beth described, the new complete hedge program for equity and currency risk. So we took advantage of the market recovery both in FX and equity. We did participate in the upside, but that upside now of further yen weakening or equity market improvements in Japan has been basically curtailed. So as we think about it, any improvements there in the net economics will be offset by hedge losses going forward.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. So we shouldn't expect any further -- this was sort of a onetime bump-up that you can -- that we got ahead of this transition.
Christopher John Swift: Exactly. I would say it's -- we're in a new phase. I've used the terms. If you've heard me before, we're market-neutral to Japan, equity and currency exposure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on the Enhanced Surrender Value. I understand the cost is going to be continue to be elevated in the second quarter. But I'm guessing, as those programs play out, that cost should be dissipating in the back half of the year. So should we be expecting sort of the after-tax margin for the variable annuity business to kind of expand in the back half of the year? I just wanted some clarity there.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, this is Beth. As it relates to what we're assuming for the Enhanced Surrender Value and the numbers that Chris gave is, we're really thinking about that as a second quarter number. And then because of the way the program works, we wouldn't really expect to see continued surrenders at this level as we go into third and fourth quarter. So we would expect the costs that we're seeing in the second quarter to decline once we get into the third and fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just first on the Japan surrenders, I understand they went up as the quarter went on. So would you expect them to go up further in the second quarter given what the markets have done? And then secondly, on your guidance, you obviously had very good results in the first quarter. And you're assuming higher cats, I think, about $0.25 or so of cats in the second quarter. But the second quarter guidance relative to first quarter results seems a little light. It seems like you're assuming lower P&C margins, but just want to get an idea on what else is affecting your second quarter results versus what you reported in the first quarter.
Beth A. Bombara: This is Beth. I'll start with the first question on the Japan surrender rates. So as we've gone into April and have continued to see market improvements, the surrender rates that we're seeing continue to be elevated. For the month of April we're seeing about 18%, 19% on an annualized basis. Whether that will persist into May and June, I think, is very dependent on market levels. So it has been now several months where we've seen this elevated activity with these types of markets. And so we are expecting that if markets stay where they are, that we'll continue to see higher surrender rates.
Christopher John Swift: Jimmy, it's Chris. On the guidance, I would just say there's probably 2 other items that are just going to affect comparability a little bit, is -- besides cat, there's always non-cat weather that has some seasonal impacts, particularly in the Indianapolis business. So we're probably picking up just higher normalized, seasonal non-cat weather. And then lastly, if you look at our partnership yield this quarter, we're about 9%. We do assume 6% going forward. So that might be just a slight little delta from the first quarter.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just a clarification. When you were talking about holding company cushion, I think you mentioned 2x interest costs. You didn't say anything about holding company expenses. So should we include that with it as well? Or as you think about the cushion, you're not including anything for expenses?
Christopher John Swift: The holding company interest and dividends would be the way I would think about it, Jimmy. And we have roughly $20 million, $25 million of unallocated holding companies expenses, so I would include that also.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Like 1 to 2x that?
Christopher John Swift: Yes.
Sabra Purtill: Steve, I think we have time for 1 more question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Randy Binner from FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just one for Doug Elliot. There's been a lot of commentary kind of on the pricing and rate being pushed into the market, but I'd be curious on your kind of perspective of how sustainable it is to see the price increases you were able to push into the market this quarter, both in Commercial and Standard and as well as Middle Markets. I mean, it's a high level. You're kind of -- high single digits, low double digits is running kind of right with the best companies that are pushing rate into the market. So wondering how sustainable that level of rate increase is in your opinion as we go through 2013.
Douglas G. Elliot: Good morning, Randy. This is Doug. Really good question. Pleased with our progress through first quarter. And as I look -- we share in our supplement our combined ratios, x, x and straight up in the middle. There's still more work to be done. And as we have commented several times, a quiet cat quarter, rather talk to you 90 days after we kind of move through Q2. But I see action sustaining. I know that our approach in the marketplace is not going to shift at all. We're pleased with progress. But we still have more work to do to get in the territory of combined ratios that will produce the ROE that these businesses demand. And so I look at this as the middle of the game but pleased with where we're performing right now.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Are you getting pushback from your distribution or from the end users on the price increases? Because it is kind of an extra business cost for your target market, mostly in Commercial, I'm talking about. Is there any kind of hesitation or pushback you're getting from the channel or the end users on this?
Christopher John Swift: I guess I wouldn't use the word pushback, but I would say this, we hope and expect that our retentions over the next several quarters will improve. I think that will happen. Again, this is a territory-by-territory discussion. So we can have a different discussion about the West Coast than I would with Southeast or a Northeast. But in general, as I look at our overall performance, that's 1 area that I hope will improve in the coming quarters, and we're going to focus there. And particularly, where rate adequacy is at play, we'll be a bit more aggressive.
Sabra Purtill: Thanks, Randy. And thank you, all, for joining us today. We certainly appreciate your interest in The Hartford. And if you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to the IR team, and we'll be happy to help you. Thanks a lot, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Liam E. McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Douglas G. Elliot - President of Commercial Markets Andr A. Napoli - Executive Vice President and President of Consumer Markets Beth A. Bombara - Former Senior Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford's Fourth Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to The Hartford's 2012 financial results and 2013 outlook conference call. Our speakers today include Liam McGee; and Chris Swift; as well as Doug Elliot, President of Commercial Markets; and Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets. Other members of our executive management team are also available for the Q&A session. Today's prepared remarks are longer than normal in order to cover the 2013 outlook, as well as Doug and Andy's presentations about their businesses. We will still have about 30 minutes for Q&A at the end of our prepared remarks. As detailed on Page 2 of the presentation, today's statements concerning future results or actions are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ in a material manner from these statements. In addition, we do not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements. Furthermore, you should consider the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those in our press release, our 2012 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC. Finally, please note that our presentation includes financial measures that are not derived from GAAP. Definitions and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided in the Financial Supplement press release and 10-Q available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As you saw from our release last night, The Hartford had a strong finish to 2012, and the fourth quarter completed a successful year of strategic transformation, as well as execution for the company. Following the life divestures, we enter 2013 with a sharper focus on the Property & Casualty, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds businesses. We are transforming and profitably growing the organization with the continued goal of delivering greater shareholder value. As Sabra mentioned on today's call, Chris and I will speak, and then Doug Elliot and Andy Napoli will review the Commercial Markets and Consumer Markets results and preview their 2013 outlooks. We're going to use this format going forward so Doug and Andy can share greater detail about the operating fundamentals of their businesses. Chris will provide an update on the impact of Storm Sandy, but I do want to express our deep appreciation for the professionalism and excellence demonstrated by our claims team in their response to the storm. Their dedication to serving our customers is a hallmark of The Hartford about which we're all very proud. Before we start, I also want to say thank you for the many wishes of good luck and good health. I'm feeling great, as well as very fortunate, and we are back to business as usual. Since I arrived at The Hartford in 2009, our top priority has been to restore the operating performance of the company and deliver increased shareholder value. We have taken significant steps to improve the company's financial strength and stability. As examples, we repaid the TARP funds, refinanced the Allianz debt, successfully repositioned the investment portfolio, implemented a tail hedge in Japan, and executed a series of necessary expense actions. As you know, to accelerate our progress, last March, we announced a sharper strategic focus that returns The Hartford to its historical strengths in underwriting, distribution and claims management. The strategy aligns the company's resources with ongoing businesses that have competitive market positions, strong capital-generating ability and lower sensitivity to capital markets. Roughly 9 months later, on January 2, we closed the last of the life divestitures. The transactions were executed at attractive valuations with strong strategic buyers. I'm proud of what the team has accomplished. We made difficult decisions, then executed them as planned. These changes position the company to continue to grow shareholder value in the years ahead. With the sale successfully closed, we're pleased to share our capital management plan with you. The capital plan is accretive to shareholders and is the culmination of a thoughtful, comprehensive process that effectively balances several critical goals. We have reviewed the plan with the rating agencies and have received approval from the Connecticut Insurance Department. In the first quarter of 2013, we will make a $1.2 billion extraordinary dividend from our Connecticut domiciled life insurance companies, and also in line to our Vermont life reinsurance captive, and move about $300 million up to the holding company as well. First, we are allocating $500 million to a share repurchase program, which we will execute over 2013 and '14. Looking ahead, our intention is to continue of a consistent capital management approach of returning excess capital as appropriate to our shareholders. Second, as part of the plan, we will reduce holding company debt by $1 billion. This will save about $55 million pretax of annualized interest expense by the end of 2014. Debt reduction is an important capital use for 2 reasons. First, it's appropriate to reduce debt levels for the lost earnings from the divestitures. In addition, given The Hartford's increasingly P&C centric businesses, our goal is to reduce the company's debt leverage ratios to levels that are more consistent with a capital structure of other leading P&C companies. Our year-end 2014 target for debt to capitalization is in the low 20s range. Third, we're retaining additional capital in the life companies to supplement our financial flexibility to take actions to reduce risk in the legacy annuity blocks, ranging from customer-oriented offers and exchanges to transactions with third parties. We have the necessary resources to take future economical actions to address the legacy annuity liabilities, which should create significant shareholder value. As we look to 2013, we're focused on achieving profitable growth in each of our go-forward businesses primarily by driving margin improvement. We saw a good progress in 2012 particularly in P&C Commercial and personal lines homeowners. In standard P&C Commercial, we achieved 9% renewal written price increases in the fourth quarter and 8% for the year. This contributed to improvement in the combined ratio, ex CAT and ex prior year, and we expect these positive pricing trends to continue through 2013. We are also better balancing our mix of P&C Commercial business, building on our historic strengths in worker's compensation. We've expanded our property capability significantly over the past year, which positions us to be a broader risk taker in the marketplace. In Consumer Markets, I'm pleased with the progress Andy and his team have made improving margins and growing new business. And Andy will talk more about that later in the call. In Group Benefits, our disciplined repricing of the book has resulted in the shedding of some unprofitable accounts but has also improved margins and returns. We think this is a good tradeoff, and we're encouraged by the profitability trends in this business. We saw a nice recovery during the fourth quarter, and the 2013 outlook is positive. Our Mutual Funds business is positioned for profitable growth through its expanded relationship with the Wellington Management. We saw improved sales and net flows in the fourth quarter, and fund performance for 2012 was outstanding, with 80% of our funds beating their peers. So we took significant steps in 2012, and the goal for '13 is to continue to drive profitable growth in the go-forward businesses. We are determined to reduce the size and risks of the legacy annuity liabilities. As you know, last year, we put the annuity business into runoff and named Beth Bombara to lead that effort. She and the team have been evaluating a number of contract holder initiatives and other actions to reduce the risk embedded in these liabilities with the ultimate goal of being to isolate or separate them from The Hartford. As you know, as an initial step, we're launching the enhanced surrender value offer for a subset of U.S. VA policyholders. Communications about the offer started in January. We believe this offer will be attractive to certain policyholders and will result in an increase in surrender activity in this block. As you know, global equity markets posted strong results in the second half of 2012 and that continued in January. In addition, the yen has weakened significantly against the dollar and the euro over the past several months. These market conditions have positive economic implications for The Hartford and have significantly improved the in the moneyness of the U.S. and Japan VA blocks. For example, the net amount at risk for the Japan income benefit has declined significantly from $6.1 billion at the end of the third quarter to $1.9 billion at the end of January. And the general consensus is that the yen will continue to weaken, which would be positive for us. Our goal is to maximize shareholder value by effectively managing the runoff of these liabilities and reducing the amount of capital needed to support them. Improving market conditions may make it more attractive for policyholders to take actions, such as surrender annuitization, and should also create expanded opportunities for us to explore risk transfer transactions with third parties. All of these actions would reduce our exposure to this business and result in lower capital required to support these liabilities. As Chris will detail, we will hold an Investor Day in April, and much of the agenda will focus on our runoff annuity operations, which we've named Talcott Resolution, and how we will maximize shareholder value by managing these liabilities, particularly in the context of the recent market improvements. Chris will cover our 2013 earnings outlook of $1.375 billion to $1.475 billion, which reflects lost earnings from the life company sales, better margins in the ongoing businesses, declining assets under management at Talcott, an increase in the budgeted CAT load in our P&C businesses, and the elimination of expenses from the divested life businesses, 90% of which will be taken out by year-end 2013. So to close, the fourth quarter was a strong end to a transformational year for The Hartford. We feel very good about what we've accomplished. With our focus on driving profitable growth in the ongoing businesses and reducing the size and risk of the annuity liabilities, we are confident in our ability to execute our plan and drive increasing shareholder value. With that, now, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. This morning, I will focus on 4 areas. First, I'll briefly cover fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. Second, I will provide an update on our Life runoff operations, which we have named Talcott Resolution. Third, I'll discuss our capital management plan. And last, but not least, I'll cover our 2013 core earnings outlook. Let's begin on Slide 7. Fourth quarter 2012 core earnings were $265 million or $0.54 per diluted share. This quarter, we changed our definition of core earnings, which now excludes restructuring and other costs and DAC unlocks. We believe this definition gives a better view of fundamental operating results. Storm Sandy generated significant CAT losses this quarter. 2 months have passed since we released our preliminary estimate, which is the same as what we recorded in this quarter's results. This quarter, this storm generated more claims than any other CAT event in our history. To date, we've closed about 80% of property claims and 90% of auto claims. For the quarter, total pretax CAT losses were $335 million, including the $350 million for Sandy. This means that fourth quarter CATs after tax were $174 million higher than our original guidance. Core earnings in the quarter, after excluding CATs, prior-year development and a small retiree tax benefit, were about $0.87 per diluted share, above our November outlook of $0.77 to $0.82 per diluted share. Improved group LTD results, lower expenses in Talcott Resolution and favorable non-CAT weather results were the principal drivers over this outperformance. Slide 8 summarizes full year 2012 results. Core earnings were $1.4 billion or $2.88 per diluted share. Excluding prior year development and the retiree tax benefit and catastrophes above forecast, 2012 core earnings were $1.6 billion or $3.27 per diluted share. Turning to Slide 9. The Hartford's book value per diluted share rose by 5% to $46.59 over the past year. Net income and higher AOCI were partially offset by charges for the Allianz debt refinancing and warrant share repurchase in April of 2012, both of which reduced shareholders equity. Excluding AOCI, book value per diluted share declined slightly to $40.79, principally due to the Allianz transactions. For 2012, core earnings ROE was 7%, a strong improvement from the 5.6% in 2011. We continue to focus on improving core earnings ROE. This quarter, we also realigned our financial reporting to reflect the company's focus on its P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds businesses. In order to help you reconcile your models to prior recording, we posted a schedule on our website for both the new core earnings and the line of business presentations. On Slide 10, you can find our consolidated P&C results, which include P&C Commercial, Consumer Markets and P&C Other Operations. P&C results improved significantly in 2012. 2012 P&C core earnings totaled $714 million compared with $279 million in 2011, reflecting improved underwriting results and lower prior year development. Our accident year P&C underwriting margins improved over 2011. The P&C combined ratio, excluding CATs and prior year development, declined to 94.8% versus 95.5% in 2011. We achieved underwriting margin improvements in both P&C Commercial and Consumer Markets although we still have work to do. The P&C full year combined ratio was 101.9%, almost 5 points better than the 106.8% in 2011. We had much lower prior year development and slightly lower current accident year CATs in 2012. 2012 prior year development was favorable by $4 million before tax compared with unfavorable by $367 million in 2011, which had significant charges for legacy asbestos exposures and workers' compensation. Let's turn to results for Mutual Fund, which are summarized on Slide 11. So far in 2013, we are pleased to see positive momentum in key areas of the business, including sales, net flows, fund performance and market appreciation. Fourth quarter retail Mutual Fund sales were good, rising 34% from prior year. Net outflows, while still negative, improved significantly versus prior year as redemptions slowed. Overall, the team is making progress on its distribution and product expansion goals, which are key tactics for generating profitable growth in this segment. Fund performance also improved substantially in 2012, with 80% of our funds ranked in the top half of their Morningstar peers. In particular, the Capital Appreciation Fund went from bottom quartile performance in 2011 to top quartile in 2012, outperforming the S&P 500 by about 400 basis points. These metrics are very important to retail broker sales, and we are optimistic that this will help to improve 2013 net flows compared with the last 2 years. Talcott Resolution results, my second topic, are on Slide 12. The principal goal for Talcott is to reduce the size and risk of its liabilities. As a result, between the business sales and the decline in annuity blocks, we expect reduced core earnings in 2013 and thereafter as fee income shrinks. Consistent with this outlook, Talcott's account values shrank during 2012, although core earnings were up by 7% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011 primarily due to lower expenses. Year-over-year, U.S. variable annuity account values declined 6% as surrenders more than offset strong U.S. equity market appreciation. The surrender rate rose to approximately 16% for the year, and U.S. variable annuity net outflows totaled $11.4 billion. The full surrender rate, which excludes partial surrenders and withdrawal benefits, was 10.9% for 2012, about 1.5 points higher than 2011. As Liam mentioned, we are now beginning to launch the ESP program. In our initial phase, we will reach about 45% of eligible policyholders. Contract holder outreach began in late January, but it will take a few months for us to gauge customer response. I'd now like to turn to VA results. On Slide 13, it provides a summary of the 2012 VA impacts, including hedging. The significant driver of the $716 million GAAP loss was yen hedge losses for our Japan VA book, where the corresponding liability is not fair valued under GAAP. As we have shared with you previously, our hedging programs are focused on economics through which neither GAAP nor statutory are a good estimate. Nevertheless, we know you are keenly interested in our statutory results. The negative statutory impact in the quarter was $439 million pretax and before fee income. Net of hedging, we expected a modest negative statutory impact due to the improving market environment, which generated hedge losses. The final impact was higher due to about $300 million of nonmarket related impacts for assumption changes on reserves from increased expenses and the duration extension of the macro hedge program. I would note, the cost structure of our macro hedge program has improved, which is now estimated to be approximately $75 million to $100 million annual cash spend, down from the previous $200 million to $250 million. Before moving on, I wanted to talk about the yen. We are encouraged by the weakening of the yen, which reduces net amount at risk and improves the net economics of the book. We also expect this may influence policyholder behavior at annuitization. Based on the January 31 closing price of JPY 91.7 to the dollar, our net retained death benefit NAR declined 31% from $4.8 billion at year end to $3.3 billion, while the net income retained benefit NAR declined 42% from $3.3 billion to $1.9 billion. These are significant moves in the month of January. The weaker yen will reduce the book's in the moneyness and could accelerate the runoff of this block, which ultimately reduce our economic liability to contract holders. We are encouraged by this trend, and we'll continue to maintain our dynamic hedging program for Japan. Now I'm going to cover our capital position, which is summarized on Slide 14 along with our capital management plans. The Hartford's capital resources totaled $16.6 billion at December 31, 2012. This was a decrease from September, but was more than offset by the $1.7 billion statutory gain from the sales transactions. The far right-hand column of Slide 14 shows that we would have reported an approximate $500 million increase in surplus if the transactions had closed by December 31 versus early January. Further down that column, you can see the pro forma capital position after the $1.5 billion dividend and return of surplus. Pro forma life statutory surplus would be about $6.6 billion and total capital resources would increase to $18.3 billion. The end result is, our capital position remains strong. We estimate that the pro forma RBC for the Hartford life entities would be approximately 420%, taking into account the net reduction and required capital due to the business sales and the dividend payment. We intend to keep the life companies well capitalized for their business risk and consistent with their current ratings. In addition to the transactions in the VA impacts, we moved the Mutual Funds legal entities out of the life stack to the life holding company, which reduced life surplus by $200 million. Finally, other statutory impacts include deferred tax assets and additional reserves for fixed rate liabilities in this low-interest rate environment. Total holding company cash and short-term investments at year end totaled $1.4 billion, equal to last quarter. This will increase to $2.9 billion after the dividend associated with the capital management plan. Let me turn to that now. Last night, we announced that our capital plan had been reviewed and approved with the Connecticut Insurance Department and the 4 rating agencies. We expect to dividend $1.2 billion from our Connecticut domiciled life insurance companies in the first quarter of 2013. In addition, as a result of the Individual Life sale, we expect to dissolve our Vermont life reinsurance captive in the near term and return approximately $300 million of surplus to the holding company. Let me now cover the capital management plan. As mentioned in the press release, we are launching a $500 million share repurchase program. We expect to execute the program ratably between now and year end 2014 at about $50 million to $100 million per quarter. Second, we will reduce the outstanding by approximately $1 billion. We currently expect to pay off the $320 million July 2013 and the $200 million March of 2014 maturities when due. Our goal is to lower The Hartford's debt to total capital ratio into the low 20%, and over time, to improve the fixed charge coverage ratio to about 5 to 6x. I'd now like to cover our 2013 outlook and summarize the key assumptions. These assumptions and other macroeconomic factors are included in the table on Slide 15. Our outlook for 2013 core earnings is $1.375 billion to $1.475 billion, which includes the impact of lower investment yields and the $260 million to $280 million decline in Talcott Resolution's earnings due to the continued shrinkage of the VA books and the sale of Individual Life and Retirement Plans. In our P&C and Group Benefits business, we expect to see improvements in our accident year combined ratios before catastrophe losses based on the pricing and underwriting margins we have achieved in 2012, which we expect to continue into 2013. In P&C Commercial, our outlook calls for a 92.5% to 95.5% combined ratio compared with the 96.6% actual in 2012. The Consumer Markets outlook is 89.5% to 92.5% compared with 90.8% in 2012. Keep in mind that we've increased the budgeted CAT loads for both Commercial Markets and Consumer Markets in 2013 as compared to 2012. In Group Benefits, our loss ratio outlook is 77% to 80% compared with the 79.5% in 2012. We expect a mid- to high teens increase in core earnings as the impact of our pricing and underwriting initiatives flow through an additional year of earned premium. Doug will talk about this in a minute. On a consolidated basis, our outlook assumes that corporate core losses decline by approximately $40 million in 2013, reflecting the sale of Woodbury and the reduced reduction of interest expense although actual amounts will depend on debt repayment timing and results. We'll update you on our progress on the debt plan as it is completed. With respect to the share repurchase program, we plan to be active each quarter, and we will start buying back shares once the 10-K is filed. Finally, I'd like to briefly review first quarter expectations. Our current outlook is for core earnings of $0.75 to $0.80 per diluted share, including budgeted CATs of $57 million after tax. The first quarter is normally a light CAT quarter and so far, that trend is holding. This amount does not include restructuring and other costs, which we expect to be in the range of $15 million to $20 million after tax. We expect to report first quarter earnings in the last week of April, and as Liam mentioned, we look forward to seeing you in April for a financial and risk review of Talcott Resolution. A formal invitation will be sent out soon, but we will have that meeting on April 11 here at our Hartford campus. To wrap up, we ended 2012 with significant accomplishments and we begin 2013 with momentum. We are focused on continuing our transformation of The Hartford by strengthening profit margins and improving operating efficiencies, and we have a balance sheet with increased capital flexibility. Finally, we are preparing to launch our capital management plan. I'll now turn the call over to Doug to talk about the P&C Commercial and Group Benefits results and outlook. Doug?
Douglas G. Elliot: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to cover our P&C Commercial and Group Benefits results for the fourth quarter and full year 2012. I'll also provide some commentary on the marketplace, and our 2013 business objectives and outlook. The P&C Commercial segment made strong pricing progress during 2012, including a very solid fourth quarter. We're confident that our end-market actions are driving improvement in our underwriting margins. And while these actions put pressure on our new business and retentions, our continuously improving risk analytics convince us that we're making the right tradeoffs on a daily basis. Our all-in combined ratio for the year was 102.9%, a decrease of 1.7 points from the 104.6% in 2011. This margin improvement reflects our focus on pricing and targeted underwriting actions, as well as lower unfavorable prior year development versus 2011. I'll cover each of these shortly. Catastrophes were a major contributor to losses during the fourth quarter due almost entirely to Storm Sandy. Current accident year CATs were 5.2 points on the full year 2012 combined ratio, which coincidentally, is the same as 2011. For the year, CATs totaled $325 million pretax, with Storm Sandy contributing $207 million in the fourth quarter. Excluding prior year development and catastrophes, the combined ratio on P&C Commercial improved to 96.6% for the year, down slightly compared to 97.3% in 2011. Our fourth quarter results further highlight the significant improvements we're seeing and the depth and speed of our actions since a year ago. The ex CAT, ex prior year combined ratio for the quarter was 97.8% versus 101.1% for the prior year period, a solid improvement. Our cumulative rate change in Middle Market over the last 6 quarters positions us among the more aggressive companies in the industry and sets us up well for margin improvement in 2013. On an ex CAT basis only, the fourth quarter combined ratio was 98.9% versus 107.8% for the same period in 2011. Last year's fourth quarter included significant prior year reserve development in our workers' compensation line. Our pricing and underwriting actions have taken hold and are now beginning to earn through to the bottom line. We continue to refine our reserve position as we evaluate new data to make sure that we're on top of our indications. We see current actions very much as business as usual compared to last year's more significant prior and current accident year adjustments. Unfavorable prior year development for the quarter was $18 million while full year was $72 million pretaxed. Both numbers compare favorably with 2011 actions. Workers' compensation and auto liability were the primary drivers of loss development, while our general liability lines continued to release favorable news. We achieved margin improvement across most lines of business but with a more intense focus on Middle Market worker's compensation. In this line, we achieved 15 points of written price increases for the fourth quarter and 14 points for the full year. Using our risk analytical tools, we aggressively managed our mix of business as well to retain our better performing accounts while shedding our least performing, increasing margins overall. Middle Market results, which are heavily influenced by our workers' compensation book of business, improved 3.6 points in 2012 to a full year combined ratio ex CAT, ex prior of 99.3%. Still more work to be done but terrific progress. Another area for us of focus was in Middle Market has been the expansion of our property line. Despite the increased CAT losses over the last several years, we continue to see property as a strategic opportunity, balancing our portfolio and providing us an account-based value proposition to our agents and customers. David Carter, who joined us in late 2011, and our property team spent a good part of the year refining our property underwriting approach, updating our pricing and coverage, and driving the enhanced offering throughout our frontline organization. As you may recall, at our December 2011 Investor Day, I talked about our long-term goal of moving property premiums from about 10% of our Middle Market commercial book to closer to 20% over time. We've made major strides to set the foundation for this change. This year, our new business writings in property were up nearly 28% and the total combined ratio for our property line was down more than 14 points. Our Small Commercial segment had another strong year in 2012. As an aside, our Small Commercial business has now posted a combined ratio over 120-plus years, and even with the weather events of 2012, that record remains intact. Workers' compensation in Small Commercial has performed extremely well over these years. However, this book of business, while still providing strong returns, has experienced margin compression in 2012 driven by not only the economic downturn but also some class and territorial factors. We've been aggressive in taking corrective actions. Written pricing was 6% for the full year and nearly 8% for the fourth quarter, double our targets just 12 months ago. We've adjusted our appetite in certain industry classes and implemented rigorous underwriting standards. 2012 also presented some challenging trends in auto liability for our Small Commercial segment. Similarity, we're addressing these trends with rate increases and tightening underwriting standards as well. Even with these headwinds, Small Commercial posted a 2012 full year ex CAT, ex prior year combined ratio of 91.1%. A strong result, but not quite at the 89.5% we achieved in 2011. For the quarter, the Small Commercial combined ratio ex CAT, ex prior was essentially flat at 92.8%. In specialty, national casualty had an outstanding year with double-digit growth on both the top and bottom line. Our program in captive area had mix results with some fine tuning occurring on underperforming accounts and implementation of tighter underwriting standards for our auto liability programs. Efforts to reposition our financial products business continue to be successful as we become a more Middle-Market focused insurer, driven less by the Fortune 500 and large financial institution segments. Now let's turn back to overall P&C Commercial. Written premium was up 1 point in 2012, which is in line with our expectations and consistent with the pricing and underwriting actions we took during the year. While policy retentions held up well at 83% in Small Commercial and 77% in Middle Market, new business premium was down 8% and 21%, respectively, consistent with our margin objectives. We're very comfortable with this tradeoff, and we'll continue to balance retention, new business and pricing to improve margins in 2013. Turning to 2013 overall, our goals remain consistent with 2012, continued focus on margin improvement, drive greater product diversification in property and general liability, and build on our momentum across the business portfolio. We expect flat to modest growth in net written premiums across our Standard Commercial lines in 2013 as we continue to balance underwriting, pricing retention on our renewal book and exercise discipline in our new business efforts. In specialty commercial, we expect the top line to decline by 7% to 10% as we continue to streamline our programs business and adjust the mix of our D&O book. We expect to see further improvement in underwriting results in 2013 as we continue to earn in 2012 rate increases and focus on overall profitability. Our current outlook is for our 2013 ex CAT, ex prior year combined ratio range of 92.5% to 95.5% compared to 96.6% in 2012. Offsetting some of the improvement in underwriting results is the increase in CAT load that Chris mentioned. In P&C Commercial, our 2012 CAT budget was 1.9 points, but the actual results were 5.2. We are raising our CAT budget assumption to 2.5 points in 2013, reflecting higher loss assumptions as well as the expected growth of our property business. Let me now turn to our Group Benefits segment, which ended the year on a high note, with core earnings of $39 million in the quarter. As you know, we've been focused on improving the margins of this book of business for about 2 years now through rate increases, underwriting discipline and overall improvement in our sold price to guide on new and renewal business. Given the multi-year contract terms and long-term disability incident rates that remain at elevated levels, we still have work remaining to return our performance to more acceptable levels. However, we are pleased with progress to date and believe our actions are beginning to pay off. In 2012, Group Benefits core earnings were $101 million, up 17% over 2011. The improvement has been driven by our pricing actions on both STD and LTD, as well as improving claim trends on our disability business. High unemployment levels continue to put pressure on disability experience. However, we're confident that our actions address margin challenges we face, and any improvement in the U.S. economy will add momentum to our efforts. Our disciplined rate actions have impacted the top line of this business, declining by 7% in 2012. We are intently watching the balance between renewal rate actions and persistency, as well as new business pricing and close rates as we continue to target improved profit margins. Although our core margins improved during 2012 to 2.4% from 1.9% in '11, we're still not at target levels of performance. We had a very strong fourth quarter with earnings of $39 million. Adjusting for favorable disability seasonality and a onetime expense benefit, we ended the year at a quarterly run rate more in the $30 million range, still very solid. We have more work ahead, but I'm encouraged that we're starting to see a more rational marketplace and confident we're taking appropriate steps to drive continued improvement in our performance. Turning to 2013 for Group Benefits, we expect the top line to continue to decline. The early 2013 pricing view is extremely positive, with rates increasing in the 15% to 18% range for long-term disability. However, we did not renew our largest account effective January 1 after being unable to agree on terms and have not renewed a segment of our program business. These 2 decisions will contribute to an overall top line decline in 2013 of approximately 10% to 15%, but will have minimal impact on our bottom line performance. In fact, we expect core earnings growth in the mid- to high teens despite the top line decline. Improved disability results, both STD and LTD, will be the primary driver between -- behind our 2013 earnings growth. Overall, we think the loss ratio in 2013 will be in the range of 77% to 80% compared with 79.5% in 2012. Taken together, I'm very proud of the work our Commercial Markets team has done in the past year. We have improved alignment and accountability across our Property & Casualty divisions. We have made seamless leadership changes in 3 of our 4 divisions, all while continuing to build momentum in the market. Our outstanding claim operation continues to be a market leader. And we dealt with 2 years of significant CAT activity, but kept our focus on the fundamental blocking and tackling needed to improve P&C Commercial and Group Benefits results. That focus will remain unchanged, and we expect you'll see a continued progress in 2013. I'll now turn the call over to Andy Napoli.
Andr A. Napoli: Thanks, Doug. 2012 was a year of significant progress for Consumer Markets in which we improved profitability and established the foundation for a return to growth in 2013. Our financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year were strong and demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy. In 2011 and into 2012, our primary focus was restoring profitability to auto and homeowners in both our AARP Direct and the Agency channels. In 2010 and 2011, we were willing to accept decreases in retention in new business levels as we implemented above-market rate increases across the board. As our margins improved, our pricing moderated, and we saw retention and new business begin to recover nicely in 2012. Now let's shift to our fourth quarter results. Both auto and homeowners were significantly impacted by Storm Sandy, as current accident year catastrophes accounted for 13.8 combined ratio points in the quarter. Excluding CATs and prior year development, our combined ratio improved to 90.0% in the fourth quarter, a 2.4-point improvement from last year, a result we're very pleased with. In homeowners, the improvement was driven by strong earned pricing, coupled with favorable non-CAT weather frequency. Homeowners loss costs also dropped in the quarter due to lower severity of fire losses. Auto margins also improved, driven by earned pricing increases and favorable liability frequency. The physical damage severity trend increases that began in the second half of 2011 appeared to have leveled off, increasing only slightly in the fourth quarter. In the quarter, written premium was flat over last year. Auto policy retention improved to 86%, up 3 points over last year and 1 point sequentially. Homeowners improved as well, up 4 points from last year and 1 point sequentially. Auto new business was flat to last year, while homeowners was up 30%, which was driven by the rollout of our Hartford Home Advantage product, most significantly in California where we have very favorable margins. Now let's shift to Consumer's full year results. Our combined ratio improved about 4 points to 97.4%, driven by an almost 19-point improvement in homeowners, which ended the year at 97.0%, a nice improvement but still work to do to achieve its target. The combined ratio for auto deteriorated slightly from 2011, finishing at 97.6%. This was largely due to the trend of higher physical damage severity that has since made it into our pricing models. I'd like to note that these results combined AARP Direct and Agency. AARP auto is performing better and finished near its combined ratio target, reflecting favorable loss experience inherent with this preferred customer segment. Shifting to growth for the full year, we continued to drive new business in our AARP Agency channel. We grew written premium in AARP Agency by $64 million or 89%, authorizing more than 6,400 agents to write the AARP product. As mentioned previously, a more -- a majority of AARP members prefer to shop for their insurance through a local agent. And with our AARP auto and home programs now in market across the country, we continue to be very excited about the upside potential of this channel. Top line trends for AARP Direct have also improved dramatically from a year ago, benefiting from a 2-point lift in both auto and homeowners policy retention, along with improvements in overall marketing effectiveness. We're growing top line in markets where we expect to be profitable, and AARP members across both channels now accounts for 78% of total written premium, up from 72% 3 years ago. Now let's move to our 2013 outlook. In 2013, we expect to return to total written premium growth with an estimate of flat to plus 2%, driven by growth in both AARP Agency and AARP Direct. Growth in AARP Agency will be driven by more deeply engaging our authorized AARP agents as they capitalize on the value proposition offered by The Hartford and the AARP brand. Within AARP Direct, we expect strong new business growth and further improvement in premium retention as we continue to take mid-single-digit written pricing increases in auto and high single-digit written pricing increases in homeowners. In both auto and homeowners, pricing is being taken to stay ahead of loss cost trends in such a way to achieve or maintain our combined ratio targets. In terms of auto profitability, we expect an additional point of ex CAT current accident year improvement in 2013. We believe auto frequency will continue to be favorable and that auto severity, both in bodily injury and auto physical damage, will be moderate. For homeowners, it's important to note that non-CAT weather frequency in 2012 was much better than the historical average, and we expect non-CAT weather loss cost to revert to a more typical level in 2013. Thus, even though we're taking written rate increases in excess of loss cost trends, our outlook calls for a slightly higher ex CAT loss ratio for homeowners in 2013. We expect written pricing increases for homeowners will be a bit higher in 2013 as our rate indications reflect higher CAT loads after several years of damaging tornado and hail events. In addition to pricing, we've taken action to mitigate risk in homeowners, instituting higher win deductibles and introducing roof value schedules that adjust the claim payout based on the age of the roof. All in, we expect the combined ratio before catastrophes and prior development to fall within a range of 89.5% to 92.5%. In closing, we're very pleased with the results in Consumer Markets for 2012, and our ability to improve profitability while positioning the division for growth in targeted markets in 2013, and we began the year with positive momentum and focused execution. I'll now turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thanks, Andy. Thanks to Doug and Chris as well. As you heard from our comments, this was a good quarter for The Hartford and a strong end to a transformational year, and we all feel very good about our progress in the ongoing businesses. So operator, let's turn it now over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Crdit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: My first question is just on the earnings guidance. I guess for Chris, can you just remind us the -- how much of a back-end loading we should expect to get from the expense savings here? Maybe if you can frame it in the way of, how are we going to start out in 1Q, where are we going to be by 4Q in terms of the bottom line benefit of cost saves? That's my first question.
Christopher John Swift: Sure. Happy to, Tom. I think just to remind everyone, we had an $850 million total plan and we think about $500 million is already out with the transactions plus cuts we made at the end of 2012. We have $285 million to take out this year. I would say that it is more back-ended because there is a little bit of an expense drag in the first couple quarters primarily. So it's hard to slope precisely, but I would make -- weight more the expense saves. It will start to come out in the second half for the year.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So Chris, that -- the $285 million, is that from now to the end of the year? That's going to be the bottom line pretax benefit that we would expect to see by the end of 4Q?
Christopher John Swift: Tom, those are the gross saves that we need to achieve that we set for ourselves in essence to make up for the lost revenue. So I don't think of it as all dropping to the bottom line, or a very little dropping to the bottom line, in fact, because those are -- revenues and expenses have gone away, and that is the corporate overhead we need to cut in essence to maintain our existing revenue streams. Now there is an incremental goal. In there, you have about a written [ph] $80 million that will improve margins overall. But the vast majority was to cut our overhead expenses in relation to revenues that are going away.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, understood, Chris. I just wanted to make sure because I know you're going to lose the associated revenues in 1Q, but that you would expect to essentially get that back by the end of 2013. Is that the way we should be thinking about it?
Christopher John Swift: Liam addressed this...
Liam E. McGee: Yes, about 90% of the stranded costs, Tom, that were not transferred to the buyers will be out by the end of this calendar year, the other 10% will come out early in the first quarter. And then, and I will -- I want to be very clear on this. We have this down to the dollar, to the head. We know exactly where it's coming from. We have a very disciplined plan. Yes, this will occur.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I appreciate that. So the -- just moving on to the net amount of risk improvement in Japan. I just want to understand from your standpoint, what does this practically mean for you? Because obviously, when you see a reduction in net amount of risk of that magnitude from 3Q to now, it's been cut more than half, you would sort of assume that an associated liability would be going down pretty meaningfully and potential capital lift or capital getting freed up, but then you have the complexity of money being tied up in captives here. So anyway, just, I guess broad question, what does this mean for you in terms of the yen weakening and the reduction in net amount of risk and the liability from a practical standpoint?
Liam E. McGee: Well, clearly, the high level, and I'm sure Chris and Doug may have some -- their own perspectives, Tom. At a high level, prima fascia, the economics of the book have improved very significantly. And as I commented, I think the general market consensus is the yen, as it relates to dollar and euro, is likely, worse case, to stay where it is and perhaps even weaken further. So the economics are better. I think you're well aware that our hedging program is very dynamic. And so as the yen weakens, it enables us to take more risks, if you will, which gives us a greater upside. And clearly, as I commented and Chris reiterated in his remarks, the improving economics should give us a greater ability to consider potential derisking transactions either to reduce the risk or permanently move the risk. So I think, from all those perspectives, and ultimately, as these things annuitize, and if they annuitize at these kind of values over the next 4 years, that's also attractive to us from an economic and cash flow perspective. So I think we're quite encouraged by this. I think that the magnitude of the reduction and the net amount of risk, I think, does give shareholders a view of -- with more normal yen-dollar, yen-euro, the economics are much more manageable for us.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I think you're right on, Liam. And I think, Tom, also, I think the April Investor Day, the real intent is to dive deeper with Beth and her team into exactly some of those questions, how we see these blocks running off, policyholder behavior, sensitivities, more economic values. So stay tuned. But we'll try to be much more clear of why we think the net economics of these blocks are improving significantly, as Liam said.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then just my last follow-up on that is, Chris, you had mentioned the annual cash spend on hedging has gone from $200 million to $250 million to $75 million to $100 million. Is that mainly the currency hedge getting -- being able to hedge less, it's -- or it's cheaper, or is that not related to the currency?
Christopher John Swift: Not related to the currency. That reference, I thought the words that I used were macro hedged. So as the macro equity protection that -- with Bob Rupp and the team, we just made much more economics virtually for the same amount of coverage. So we cheapened up that program, and the risk management techniques of managing Japan is still our dynamic program, where we manage interest rates, currency and equity dynamically.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I believe, you had said you were spending $200 million on a currency hedge or so annually, is that still about the same?
Christopher John Swift: No, never talked in those terms, Tom.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And any guidance you can give us on what you're spending on currency hedges for Japan?
Christopher John Swift: Again, I think, we could give you general views but we'd like to spend a little bit more time with you in April -- so we save that for April, and we could be more scenario specific, and then you could see the effects of the hedging programs and the economics that emerge.
Liam E. McGee: Tom, this is Liam. Just one final comment I make. I think the ability to purchase effectively the same protection on our macro hedge at half or less of our historic cost, I hope it is an indication to investors on how far along our risk management has come in the last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Liam, I'm very glad to hear you're feeling better as I'm sure everyone else is.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Jay. Very kind of you. I feel -- I actually feel great and very blessed.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Glad to hear it. With regard to the capital deployment, the proceeds from the sale of the units was around $2.2 billion, and it appears currently around $1.5 billion of that is being deployed into debt repurchase and share buybacks. So I think what a lot of people are wondering is, why hold back the $700 million?
Liam E. McGee: Well, you're correct, Jay, that, first of all, we presented management and the board's capital management plan, and work collaboratively with our regulators, and we're gratified that they approved the plan that we presented to them. I'll just go back to the concept, which I think I've been very consistent about over the last 3 quarters, is, first of all, we are going to do share repurchases, the $0.5 billion that we have outlined, which clearly will be accretive for shareholders. Second of all, we will reduce the holding company debt by $1 billion. A couple of additional perspectives, as I make on that. First of all, as you recall, The Hartford, during the financial crisis, significantly levered up, number one. Second of all, the foregone earnings from the sold businesses require us to delever a little bit. And third, we do want, we've said all along that we want to be more of a P&C centric, a leading P&C-oriented company, and we want to get our leverage down, as Chris and I both said, in the low 20s and our debt service coverage up in that 5 to 6 range, also accretive for shareholders. $55 million reduction in our interest cost as well. I've always been clear that it was likely that we were going to preserve capital in our life subsidiaries, which I think is even more important now with the improving markets that we just discussed with Tom when transactions, whether it'd be customer offers either in the U.S. or Japan, potential permanent transactions or other risk reduction transactions, may be more available and we want to be ready to act as soon as those things present themselves. So I think this is a very thoughtful, balanced plan. It is very friendly to shareholders. And that third element of being able to either reduce or permanently eliminate VA liabilities is also very good for shareholders. I think you'd agree. So I think it's thoughtful, it's balanced. We feel very good about it. And I remind you, as I said, I think Chris alluded to it, our intention particularly with the historic capital generating ability of our go-forward businesses, as well as what we expect will be some success reducing or permanently eliminating VA liabilities of these market values, our intention is to continue to have a consistent capital management approach of returning excess capital as appropriate to our shareholders. But this is our plan now for '13 and '14, and we feel good about it.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. On the variable annuity guarantee exposure, last night, as I'm sure you saw, Berkshire Hathaway announced a deal with Cigna to reinsure the remainder of those guaranteed minimum benefits. Would something like that have an attraction to Hartford as well, knowing that already a good portion of it is -- of that exposure is reinsured?
Liam E. McGee: Well, at a high level, Beth may have some comments. I would say, first of all, obviously, I can't comment on conversations we may or may not be having for obvious reasons. What I can assure you of, particularly with the capital flexibility and I think more normal market scenario we have today, Beth and her team are leaving no stone unturned in terms of ways to move the risk off or reduce the risk, which very well could include transactions. Beth, anything you'd like to add?
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, I think Liam has said it very well. He said from the beginning that we are open to looking at transactions where they make sense, so we're -- our view of the underlying economics are there, and we can maximize the use of our resources and our capital to reduce our risk. So we continue to work with our advisers, and we'll continue to evaluate opportunities in that space. I think seeing transactions getting done, seeing different players that are interested in these exposures, I think, is all positive for us.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick one for Chris or Sabra. The corporate expense in 2013, that's going to -- I believe you said $40 million less. Is that $40 million less than the $315 million that was the full year 2012 core corporate impact?
Christopher John Swift: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Let me echo Jay's comments. Liam, I'm very happy to hear you're in good health. A couple -- just one quick follow-up on Tom's question about the expense saves or cuts. I just wanted to clarify. So should we think about $285 million as the total expense saved for all of 2013, and should we think about that as a run rate by the fourth quarter? So something like $70-or-so million by the fourth quarter?
Christopher John Swift: No. That -- you think about that as the actual cuts that will happen in 2013, so that's a run rate reduction that will be achieved by the end of '13.
Liam E. McGee: John, our commitment was -- we've all been associated with selling businesses and not getting the costs out. Our commitment was we're going to get all the costs out, and so we're -- that's why we've been so clear about it. And again, I'll reiterate, we're very disciplined about it in the company. Those -- this will be a cost neutral exercise at the end of the day.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Fully appreciate that. The guidance for 2013, what -- if you could give us sort of a modest ROE range, what type of ROE are you expecting to achieve?
Liam E. McGee: John, I think at a high level, we're going to give you some more details in ROE in April. I think '13 is a year where if we see ROE increase, it will be very modest. The real increase in ROE is going to occur in '14 -- in '14 and 15. We'll show you that. You should expect pretty significant increases in ROE in '14 and '15. But with all the moving parts, the kick-in over time of the capital management actions, the loss of the earnings, and as Chris said, a bit of a lag in getting the costs out and we've increased our CAT load as well. I think '13 is a year where if we see ROE increase, it will be modest.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just finally. Given all the shifts in capital in the life side, in particular, reflecting the business unit divestitures, the dividend, et cetera, is it fair for us to assume that the vast majority of what's remaining pro forma at $6.6 billion or $6.7 billion of life statutory capital relates to the runoff U.S. VA business? Or is there something else still remaining in there, the Group Benefits business or other?
Christopher John Swift: John, I think you're right. We tried to talk about this the last time. We think of sort of $6.6 billion as the new beginning normal, $4 billion for the life statutory surplus. Of that, approximately $1.5 billion, it would be, I'll call it, allocated to Group Benefits, and there's a little bit allocated to the reinsurance sort of recoverables from our transaction. So that's how we think about it. And then, we have obviously the holding company liquidity also. But from a statutory bluebook side, that's how we think about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I've got a few. I guess my first question, kind of back to Gallagher's question a little bit. And maybe the way I'll frame it out is, back in -- what was it, October of 2011, you gave some scenarios around the Japan block and kind of a benign scenario, as well as a kind of an adverse scenario. The question I would ask is when you look at where things are today, the yen kind of JPY 93, market is higher, et cetera, should we expect a meaningful improvement in that net cashflow in that benign scenario in the Japan block?
Christopher John Swift: It's a definition of meaningful. It is improved, and I would say, particularly, if the trend continues, it can be meaningful. But it is a definite improvement, and again, something we could talk more about in April, and we plan to. So if you could let us update our complete models and present them to you, I think that would be very helpful.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then Chris, just how do we think about statutory capital generation in the life company going forward? Obviously, you've had some expenses in annuities, markets are a tailwind, you've got Group Benefits improvements. I mean, how should we think about free cash generation in the life business?
Christopher John Swift: I'm more positive on it, particularly at these market levels and condition. You've always heard us talk about the low interest rates and sort of the constraints that, that has and some of the additional liabilities we put up at the end of the year. But I would say, there's more tailwind mark to have a modest expansion in statutory surplus going forward in '13. Beyond that, a lot depends just on market conditions and policyholder behavior. But I'm encouraged with the potential to do increase in gross surplus in 2013.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I guess, just a follow-up on that. I mean, just if things kind of trended from here the way you would ordinarily expect them or how you normally model them, would you expect the VA business to generate capital in '13?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. I would say I'm not hesitating, I'm just trying to quantify it from a range. I mean, it's in the range of a couple hundred million we could generate from the VA book over time. And then I'd remind you, that the life -- the Group Benefit operations are also in there, but we do have some interest sensitive liabilities that will still feel some pressure from interest rates. So I'm trying to be balanced on the positives but still, the existing pressure on certain blocks of business.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick final question is, I saw the cut in the macro hedge costs more than in half. Are there any changes in how we should think about the below the line kind of structural loss on the dynamic hedge, which I think historically has been around 15 bps? Or is that about the same going forward?
Christopher John Swift: On the dynamic program was your question or the macro?
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: No, you told us the macro, I'm thinking more about the dynamic.
Christopher John Swift: Right. The dynamic for both pieces, Japan and, I'll call it, the U.S., I would say, are generally remain consistent. And we've talked generally about it in total, about 40 bps for both programs.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Right. But the macros -- I assume the macro is much lower than the 25 that you've historically talked about, is that wrong?
Christopher John Swift: The macro, we just said, was $75 million to $100 million in annual spend. I mean, I think you could do the translation, which less is coming down. But the dynamic program for the U.S. VA block and the Japan block still is in -- around 40 bps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions here. First, with respect to the capital management, one quick question, Chris. You've got like, I guess, $520 million of debt coming due over the next 2 years. How do you plan on dealing with the remaining $40 million? Do you have any call provisions in any of your debt? Or will you have to go into the marketplace and buy it?
Christopher John Swift: I'd rather not be too specific. It really involves a tender process. So we're going to be active here in the near term, but we are looking at trying to reduce that debt that ultimately is NPV positive compared to any premium that we might pay.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So in the $1 billion -- the $1 billion is a part reduction, right, so it could cost you a little more than $1 billion to actually reduce it?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. So the $520 million is the component of the $1 billion, and then the rest would come to reducing the amount that we will tender for.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then the next question, I'm just curious to know you've kind of carried [ph] by this, how did you come up with the $500 million of share buyback by year-end '14, particularly given the additional liquidity, you've got the holding company and the capital generation you'll have over the next 2 years, which should be pretty substantial?
Liam E. McGee: I think I'll just go back to what I said. We're really working -- management working with our board. I believe this is the most prudent, balanced approach. All 3 elements of it are very accretive for shareholders. And for the reasons that I noted, both the amount of leverage that the company added during the crisis, the earnings loss from the sold businesses and our desire to get a balance sheet that is consistent with our go-forward strategy of being a P&C-centric company, as Chris -- I think, as Chris has noted, the $1 billion was the right number. We thought $0.5 billion was the appropriate number for buybacks. I think, as Chris has said, we'll be pretty methodical about that. And then lastly, I think, for reasons that should be even more apparent now, preserving incremental capital in the life subsidiaries to potentially do the most accretive thing, which is to either reduce or eliminate VA, and particularly Japan VA risk, we thought was a really good balance, and as I said earlier, I feel really good about the plan. And then I'd reiterate for the reasons that I said earlier, we -- Chris and I intend to have a consistent capital management approach of returning excess capital as appropriate to shareholders going forward once this plan is complete.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a quick question with respect to the specialty business, Doug, it was -- wonder if you could tell a little bit about what needs to be done to really improve the profitability there. Is it a pricing issue? Is it a risk selection issue? And how quickly do we think we can get those underlying combines down into, call it, mid-90s area, where they probably need to be?
Douglas G. Elliot: Yes, good question, Brian. And let me just give you some context. I think this will help all of you think through this. Inside our specialty businesses, we really have 4 businesses. We've got our national account business, which largely is an excess -- casualty excess workers' comp line. In the program captive area, we have some dollar 1 programs, but we also have pretty significant excess casualty programs in there as well. And then, obviously, we have our D&O financial products business. When you look at the 4 businesses, 2 of those businesses have target combined ratios for our levels excess 100% right? So we have a mixed component of businesses in there. Our national account casualty business for returns in the teens has target combined ratios in excess of 107% to 110%. So when you look at combined ratio, you can't just think of specialty as, okay, where is my D&O book running? So I give you that as an outdrop. Number two, our national account book had a terrific 2012. We're very satisfied with our returns. We feel good about that book. And as I've mentioned, we have work right now underway inside our program and excess program captive group as well. And last but not the least, our D&O book needs work just as others in the industry would describe as well. So we are attempting to achieve rate. Our rate incline so far for 2012 fourth quarter in the mid single-digits, but we're not satisfied yet with our combined ratio performance in our professional practice.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, on the workers' comp, obviously, you had a little bit of adverse development, not that much, but still it is kind of an ongoing drag. And I'm wondering if you could talk about what's happening from a claim standpoint. You had talked about frequency popping up, I guess, about 1.5 years ago. What are you seeing these days?
Douglas G. Elliot: Jay, this is Doug. You're right. We have worked hard at our workers' comp book, both actions in the marketplace and also books and records relative to reserving. I would say this in terms of frequency severity. Our frequency has really settled down very well in our Middle Market based on the actions and drivers that we've taken over the last 5 or 6 quarters. We're seeing a little bit of continued frequency in Small Commercial. I think, we've got our focus around a few key programs that's driving it and a little bit on the geography side, but what -- we have started to take steps to address it, and that's where that margin pressure has come from in small, albeit, very, very solid returns still in that small arena. So I feel like comparing where we were 12 months ago to where we are today, I feel so much better about our comp progress. More work ahead but significant strides in the last 12 months.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then on the -- just the buyback portion of the capital plan. I could see, over time, why you would want to be consistent in your buyback activities if it's based on earnings. But in this case, it seems to me, you've got capital free and clear, it's at the holding company, you don't need it. Why wait 2 years to return a relatively modest amount of capital to shareholders when doing it quicker would be even more accretive, if, in fact, it is free and clear?
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. Thank you for your perspective. I think, as Liam said, we do feel good with the overall plan on debt and equity, the priorities and sort of the amounts that we're starting with. Consistency portion is important to us. I think to your specific point, I think, you just need to keep in context that we're still managing large risk positions in our runoff block. And so we're looking...
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You have capital in the runoff business to handle that.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, but we're still managing to stress scenarios. That would indicate that we still need to move capital and liquidity around the organization if those stress scenarios emerge. So I understand your perspective when you see it. But when you stress the organization the way we share with the regulators and the rating agencies, the plan that we adopted is still the prudent one for 2013 and as we head into 2014.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could ask one last question, I don't want to overstep my bounds here. But you have seen 2 other transactions where runoff businesses have been eliminated or sold to another party. What makes your runoff business different than Sun Life or Cigna's that makes it more of a challenge for you to complete a similar transaction?
Liam E. McGee: Well, Jay, I think that's a big leap to assume that's the case. Just because we haven't done one, it doesn't mean it's more or less challenging than those that have been done, number one. We certainly are well aware of the unique characteristics of certainly, the Sun Life transaction have been done for a while and what we've learned of the Cigna transaction. And again, I don't think it's appropriate for us to talk about the nature of discussions that we may be having. So what I can say is what I think Chris and I and Beth have said pretty repeatedly, as you can assume, we're talking to the parties we should be talking to or the advisers we should be talking to, and if there's a transaction that makes sense for us and for shareholders, we'll do it.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So there's nothing specific about your business that really prevents you from engaging in such a transaction?
Liam E. McGee: I think there are nuances and idiosyncrasies to every book. But at a -- in a general sense, no.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, I would add a little color that -- and Liam's right. I mean, we're -- Beth and the team are very proactive. But as we've talked about it, the book really has 3 components, Japan, VA, U.S. VA and a big fixed block of annuities. Those characteristics are different so there isn't going to be one holistic transaction that just sort of says, yes, here it is. I think, structurally, we have some short-term limitations given that we write the Group Benefits business in life legal entities. And if you look at the deal besides the Cigna deal that you referenced, those involved legal entities, where acquirers wanted legal entities and structures to absorb. We can't do a legal entity deal right now until we deal with the Group Benefit business and where it's being written. So there are some short-term constraints. But over the long-term, you ought to think in terms of what we're thinking along those 3 blocks in trying to have buyers that have appetite for Japanese exposures, U.S. VA exposures and fixed annuity exposures here in the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bass with Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So first question, can you just talk a little bit about how much capital do you expect the core ongoing business kind of x the runoff to generate in 2013?
Christopher John Swift: Erik, I would estimate that the core P&C business would generate about $900 million of statutory surplus. I would estimate that the Group Benefits business would generate approximately $100 million to $125 million. And then what we did with our life Mutual Funds operations, moved it up to the life holding company. I would say that the cash-based earnings that we could have access to, thereabout $75 million.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just one follow-up on -- Chris, I guess, on the point you are just making on kind of the moving of the Group Benefits business. If you could talk a little bit about maybe what that process is and then any other actions you're taking within kind of the U.S. life subs to isolate and consolidate the variable annuity blocks, and maybe a timeline for potentially completing this.
Christopher John Swift: I think what I would just like to share, Erik, is that the Group Benefits business is strategically important to us. It's written in 2 life legal entities currently, and we're figuring out what is the right structure going forward. So there isn't anything sort of an aha here. This is just what legal entity are we going to use to write Group Benefits. And we're going to align it to Doug and his management team going forward. It's just as simple as that.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then on the annuity side. The Japan block is standalone, but the, I think, the other -- the U.S. piece is in -- is it 3 different entities currently?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. We have 3 different U.S. legal entities that write that. And we're looking at, obviously, a lot of different strategies to how to manage legal entities and books of business over the long term. But once -- if we make any changes, we'll let you know, but we're always looking to how to be more efficient with our operating structures, our hedging programs and long-term risk management.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: On the migration to becoming a Property-Casualty company when you grow up, I mean, you talked about the -- getting your debt in line with P&C peers. I'm curious on where the investment portfolio stands on that migration? And just looking at your BBB's are 26%, your bigs [ph] are 5%. You've got 3% in CDOs. Travelers, which is probably at one end of the spectrum, is at 9% BBBs, 3% junk and no CDOs. You obviously needed to get your ROE higher to -- so there's a tension on that point. So are you closer to using an AIG game plan of cranking up risk here on the margin? Or do you want to move more towards Travelers over time, and how long would that take?
Christopher John Swift: Bob, it's Chris. I would say, we're trying to have a prudent portfolio. We probably favor a Travelers model long term. There are some holdover and transitional issues as we migrate out of some of our life books and assets that were retained or transferred back to us that the buying parties didn't want to have. So I think we'll balance all that out over the next couple of years here. But I think, Brion Johnson and his team at HIMCO have the appropriate mindset to run a P&C and Group Benefit-orientated group going forward. I would say, again, with that Group Benefit business, there are longer duration liabilities that we need to continue to manage there similar to the workers' comp line. So the component could be just slightly different, but think more along the Travelers model long term.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: So let's say, a couple of years from now, what do you think BBB's would be versus 26% today, down a couple of points or down 5 to 10 or?
Christopher John Swift: Bob, I'm just trying to get through this month and next month, so I'm not really focusing on '14 yet where it's at. But we'll see if maybe, at Investor Day, we can address that. But I don't have a vision right now for you.
Beth A. Bombara: Thank you. Thank you all, for joining us today. I know it's been a longer call than usual, and we appreciate all your attention. If you have any follow-up calls, please reach out to the Investor Relations department. And again, I'd like to add my invitation to you all to join us on April 11 in Hartford for an Investor Day focused on Talcott Resolution. Thank you all, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Liam E. McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Beth A. Bombara - Former Senior Vice President and Controller Douglas G. Elliot - President of Commercial Markets
Analysts: A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Daniel K. Altscher - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Felicia, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Purtill. Ma'am, you may begin.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to The Hartford's Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Our speakers today are Liam McGee, The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO; and Chris Swift, our CFO. Other members of our executive management team present today include Beth Bombara, Doug Elliot, Brion Johnson, Alan Kreczko, Andy Napoli and Bob Rupp. As detailed on Page 2 of the presentation, statements concerning The Hartford's future results or actions should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements. You should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause The Hartford's actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release, our third quarter 10-Q, 2011 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC. Please note that our presentation includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. Definitions and reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided in our financial supplement, press release and 10-Q. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before I begin, on behalf of all of us at The Hartford, our thoughts and prayers are with those who have been affected by Storm Sandy. And on a personal note, we at The Hartford hope that each of you and your family are faring well during these very challenging times because, clearly, this was a devastating storm with a large footprint and tropical force winds that impacted a highly populated area. At The Hartford, our catastrophe team has been on the ground working 24/7 to help our policy holders, and I want to express my deep appreciation to our claims teammates and others in the field. In addition, we are also very thankful for the emergency personnel and volunteers who are providing basic needs and critical services. I know you all are interested in loss estimates, but it's much too early for us to provide data with any level of certainty. We're still waiting for clearance from local authorities to access some areas. Yesterday, for example, was the first day we were able to get adjusters into Long Island. Now clearly, this is a significant event for those who suffered losses. But Storm Sandy is well within the planning scenarios we use to manage catastrophe risk at The Hartford. This is a major storm, but it is a manageable exposure for The Hartford. As we have more certainty around The Hartford's losses, we will provide you with details. Now let's cover third quarter results and activities. I am pleased with The Hartford's third quarter achievements. First, we announced the sale of the 3 Wealth Management businesses we committed to sell last March, ahead of our year-end target. The businesses are going to strong, strategic buyers. And the sales are expected to generate about $2.2 billion of statutory capital benefit for The Hartford. Second, The Hartford generated strong overall financial results in the third quarter, with core earnings of $378 million, significantly better than the $50 million last year. Net income was also up strongly, rising from $60 million to $401 million. Third, The Hartford's go-forward businesses demonstrated increasing earnings momentum, benefiting from strong pricing trends, along with improved retention in Property & Casualty Commercial and new business growth in Consumer Markets. Mutual Funds also showed improved net flows. Core earnings from the 3 go-forward segments totaled $294 million this quarter compared with $121 million last year. Now while much of that improvement was due to last year's high catastrophe losses, combined ratios, excluding caps in prior development, improved in both Property & Casualty Commercial and Consumer Markets, as did the loss ratio in Group Benefits. In Property & Casualty Commercial, we continued to generate sustained written price increases, with an 8% increase in standard commercial lines this quarter, up from 7% for the first half of 2012. Our focus on pricing discipline will continue in the fourth quarter and into 2013. Doug and his team are doing an excellent job balancing margin expansion with retention and pricing. Our primary goal, particularly in Middle Market, is to drive to acceptable levels of profitability. So there will continue to be a dampening effect on the top line as less profitable accounts move to other carriers. We are pursuing similar tactics in Group Benefits. The Hartford was among the first to recognize and respond to the adverse incidents and termination trends. However, given the 3-year contract terms in this line, it takes longer for the results of pricing actions to fall to the bottom line. In the third quarter, core earnings trends benefited slightly from an improvement in termination rates, although they do remain lower than historical levels. Improving terminations, combined with our pricing initiatives, should slowly expand margins. In Consumer Markets, Andy and his team are focused on maintaining margins in auto, expanding margins in homeowners, continuing new business growth and improving retention. We recently enhanced the pricing segmentation in our Open Road Advantage auto product, which has helped lift conversion rates. New business production is up, and we feel good about the mix of business. Homeowners continues to need rate, and we have been diligent in pursuing it. Efforts to improve retention are yielding positive results, with continuing quarterly improvements in auto and home. The Mutual Funds business also made good progress during the quarter, as its balanced and fixed-income funds posted more favorable net flows. Overall flows remain negative due to continuing industry-wide withdrawals from domestic equity funds. However, the company's third quarter flows were the best we've seen since the first quarter of 2011. Several funds generated particularly strong performance in the quarter. For instance, the Balanced Income Fund had top quartile Lipper performance, both for the quarter and year-to-date, and was one of our top funds in gross sales at $385 million for the quarter. In addition, our World Bond Fund was recently recognized as a newcomer of the year by the Wall Street Journal. In our Runoff division, third quarter financial results were in line with our expectations, with core earnings x DAC unlock declining 6% from the prior year, reflecting lower earnings from U.S. annuity. Beth Bombara and her team have been examining a range of options to address the legacy annuity blocks. One area of focus is on contract holder initiatives, such as the enhanced surrender value option -- offer that we filed earlier this week with the SEC. This option will be offered to contract holders who represent about 15% of our U.S. GMWB book in terms of account value, but more importantly, nearly 45% of the U.S. GMWB net amount at risk. Similar to programs introduced by several other companies, it offers the contract holder the option to surrender the policy at a premium to the current account value. We continue to aggressively examine other options to accelerate the runoff of the U.S. and international annuities and look forward to updating you on our progress. With any actions we take, we will continue to honor our obligations to contract holders. Finally, I'm pleased that we reached definitive sales agreements for Individual Life, Retirement Plans and Woodbury Financial Services this quarter, ahead of our year-end target. We're selling these businesses at good values that will generate an estimated net statutory capital benefit of approximately $2.2 billion. Furthermore, they are being sold to market-leading strategic buyers who saw value in our innovative products, strong distribution and employee expertise. We expect to close the Woodbury transaction by year-end and Individual Life in the first quarter of 2013. We're working to close Retirement Plans by year-end, but it may slip a little into the new year as we work through the necessary regulatory approvals. Chris will discuss the company's expense initiatives. The bottom line, however, is that we will reduce about $850 million in expense. The vast majority of which relates to the elimination of all expenses of the divested businesses. Moreover, approximately 90% of the expenses will be eliminated by the end of 2013. With the sales announced, I know investors are interested in our capital management plans. We are developing holistic capital management plans, which we will discuss with regulators and rating agencies and which we will share with you in early 2013, after the transactions are closed. Our goal in managing capital is to pursue accretive actions for shareholders while both maintaining a balance sheet sufficient for adverse economic environments and the current ratings of our go-forward businesses and preserving financial flexibility to be opportunistic in taking future actions to address the company's legacy annuity liabilities. Therefore, we expect that our capital management plans will include: debt repayment to reduce leverage and improve our interest coverage ratios over time; share repurchases, which at current prices are very accretive; and retaining some capital to take future actions for permanent solutions to reduce the size and risk of the legacy annuity liabilities, which should create significant shareholder value. To conclude, The Hartford had a successful third quarter. We reached agreements in all 3 of the planned sales ahead of schedule at attractive prices and with strong buyers who value the skills and expertise of our teammates. We had strong core earnings. We demonstrated pricing and margin momentum in our go-forward businesses. And our Life Runoff team is considering options to accelerate the runoff of the legacy annuity blocks, including the recent filing of the enhanced surrender value program offer. The Hartford is becoming a more focused company that has the potential to create greater shareholder value while providing policyholders with the protection and service that they depend on. I am confident that we are on the right path, and I look forward to communicating our continued progress. I'll now turn the call over to Chris, who'll cover our financial results in more detail. Chris?
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. This morning, I'm going to focus on 3 topics: first, I'll cover key aspects of this quarter's financial results; second, I will provide an update on our expense initiatives, including efforts to remove all the direct and indirect expenses of the businesses we are selling; and third, I'll provide an outlook for fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. I'll begin on Slide 5. Third quarter 2012 core earnings were $378 million or $0.78 per diluted share. These results were in line with our outlook of $0.75 to $0.80. On a run rate basis, core earnings were $0.77 per share, which excludes the items summarized on Slide 5, which totaled $0.01 per share. These items included a modest charge for reestimating current accident year prior quarter loss reserves for workers' compensation and commercial auto of approximately $0.05 per share. Restructuring expenses totaled $34 million after tax or about $0.07 per share, slightly above our August estimate. Turning to Slide 6. The Hartford's book value per diluted share rose 10% over the past year to $48.13, including a $2 billion increase in net after-tax unrealized gains on fixed maturity investments as a result of continued low interest rates and tighter credit spreads over the last year. It also includes the approximately $900 million or $1.83 per share reduction in shareholders' equity due to the Allianz debt refinancing and warrant share repurchase in the first half of 2012. Book value, excluding AOCI, was $41.35 per diluted share, flat with prior year, as net income over the past year was largely offset by the impact of the Allianz transactions. For the last 12 months, our core earnings ROE was 7.2%, up from 6% for the 12 months ended September 30, 2011. Slide 7 has a high-level summary of P&C Commercial results. Core earnings were $160 million, up 84% from prior year. Catastrophe losses came in at $7 million after tax compared with $60 million last year. In addition, the increase in core earnings reflects improved margins in Middle Market. The third quarter 2012 combined ratio, x cat, x prior year, was 97.5%, down from 99.4% in prior year. Favorable expenses and better experience in property lines were partially offset by a deterioration in commercial auto liability results. Third quarter 2012 included $39 million of current accident year prior quarter loss reestimation or 2.5 points on the loss ratio. This compares to $47 million or 3 points on the loss ratio last year. This year's changes were due to higher severity in commercial auto, particularly in small commercial, and a slight adjustment for lost time workers' compensation claims. Even with this change, the 2012 workers' comp accident year loss ratio is approximately 4 points better than 2011 accident year. This reflects the pricing and underwriting actions we have taken over the last 12 to 18 months. Our pricing and underwriting discipline in P&C Commercial has resulted in pricing increases across the portfolio, and we remain committed to driving actions necessary to improve margins in the fourth quarter and beyond. Middle Market workers' compensation is a key contributor to our achieved pricing increases, with rate increases averaging 15% this quarter, consistent with the rate achieved in the second quarter. In Middle Market property, rates increased 10% compared with 8% in the first half. Our team is proactively managing renewal rate increases, account retention and new business growth to optimize overall profitability. While aggregate rate increases may have leveled off, our focus on margin improvement will continue. Group Benefits results are summarized on Slide 8. Although below historic levels, we're pleased with the trends we're seeing in the segment. Core earnings were $23 million, up 15%, due to improved loss trends. The loss ratio was 79.3%, an improvement over prior year's 80.1% and reflected better LTD results, offset by less favorable mortality in Group Life this quarter. As a result of our sustained pricing actions over the past 2 years, Group Benefits premiums declined 7% year-over-year. We expect this trend will continue into 2013 due to the impact of our renewal pricing strategies on persistency. Year-to-date, persistencies averaged 62%. Turning to Consumer Markets on Slide 9. Core earnings were $93 million, a turnaround from core losses of $10 million in the third quarter of 2011, which had a significant level of catastrophes. This quarter had no net catastrophe losses as the $16 million of after-tax losses from the third quarter events, including Hurricane Isaac, were offset by favorable development on catastrophes from the first half of 2012. We continue to be pleased with the progress that Andy Napoli and his team are making, balancing profitability and growth. Consumer Markets underwriting margins, excluding catastrophes, have expanded as we take rate increases. The third quarter combined ratio, excluding cats and prior year development, was 93.3%, down more than 2 points from 95.5% last year, are duly because of improved homeowner results. Auto results were comparable to the prior year. We remain focused on achieving rate increases consistent with the loss cost trends. Loss costs continue to be slightly higher in auto due to physical damage severity, although it moderated from the first half of 2012. The increase in physical damage severity was largely offset by favorable trends on auto liability frequency this quarter. We achieved written rate increases of 6% in homeowners and 4% in auto this quarter. On the growth side, new business premiums are up 9% this quarter and 18% year-to-date. AARP Agency is a strong growth source. In the first 9 months of 2012, written premiums in AARP Agency were $96 million, almost double that of the prior year period. Retention has also improved, up 2 points in auto and 3 points in homeowners compared to a year ago. Mutual Fund results are summarized on Slide 10. Core earnings were $18 million, down from the prior year but flat with the second quarter of 2012. The principal reason for the decline was lower fees, reflecting lower average assets under management and higher distribution and marketing expenses as we execute our strategy with Wellington. Net flow performance has significantly improved from the past several quarters as a result of stronger deposits into our fixed income and balanced fund choices. We are optimistic about the prospects for this business as we work with Wellington to expand marketing for The Hartford funds. The results of our combined Life and P&C Runoff division are on Slide 11. Core earnings x DAC unlock were $168 million, comprised of $147 million from Life other operations and $21 million from P&C. The DAC unlock included in core earnings for the quarter totaled a charge of $11 million compared with a $126 million charge in the third quarter of 2011. For the quarter, surrenders averaged 14.7% on the U.S. variable annuity book and 3.6% for Japan VA, slightly higher than historical levels but lower than the 17.5% and the 4.5%, respectively, we saw in the second quarter. We recently filed for approval with the SEC an enhanced surrender value option, which Liam discussed. This represents our first of initiatives to provide contract holders with additional choices for their contract that also meet our objectives of reducing risk with reasonable economics. Turning to the impact of the VA book in capital resources. Slide 12 provides a summary of VA hedging results for the quarter. During the quarter, the net statutory impact of our VA liabilities and hedges was a negative $4 million before tax, excluding fees earned in the quarter and other impacts to surplus. It's been about a year since we've completed the buildout of our Japan hedging program. The goal of all our hedging programs is to manage our economic exposure, which is our continued focus and which is performing as we expect in these market conditions. We have retained some market risk, although throughout 2012, we have increased interest rate protection. You can find our updated sensitivities in our 10-Q. Slide 13 is a new slide that combines our statutory surplus roll-forward with our total capital resources. Total U.S. statutory surplus before dividends to the holding company increased by approximately $100 million from June 30, reflecting $215 million of increased P&C surplus that was offset by a slight decrease in U.S. Life surplus. After $200 million of dividends to -- from the P&C company to the holding company, surplus was essentially flat. Year-to-date, Life statutory surplus is up about $150 million. We perform our annual cash flow testing at the end of the year, which will impact full year results given sustained low interest rates and tighter credit spreads. Consistent with our prior outlook, we continue to expect U.S. Life statutory surplus to be flat or slightly down for the full year. Our capital resources, which include U.S. statutory surplus, as well as the $1.3 billion in Japan capital, were equal to the $18 billion we had at the end of June 30. Holding company cash and short-term investments totaled $1.4 billion. Looking forward, the 3 sales transactions are expected to increase our statutory surplus by approximately $1.4 billion, for a total net statutory capital benefit of about $2.2 billion based on current estimates. As Liam mentioned, we are working on our capital plans, and we look forward to sharing them with you in early 2013. Turning to the second item on my agenda, Slide 14 sets forth our updated expense initiatives. As Liam mentioned, we expect to reduce expenses by approximately $850 million before tax, most of which will be completed in 2013. Slide 14 breaks out the components of the expense reductions. In addition to our prior efficiency commitments, we will reduce expenses by another $100 million related to putting U.S. VA into Runoff and $615 million related to the 3 businesses being sold. We have detailed plans for execution and have begun reducing expense levels in 2012, which will continue into 2013. As a result of these initiatives, we expect to incur a restructuring charge of approximately $45 million to $50 million after tax in the fourth quarter. This charge will accrue for all planned 2013 severance costs for approximately 500 positions affected over the course of 2013, as well as other fourth quarter items, such as retention payments. At year-end, we will have expensed about 85% of ultimate restructuring costs we anticipate. In 2013, we currently expect to have approximately $30 million after tax of additional restructuring and other expenses. Bottom line, we have significant expense-reduction goals and have a high degree of confidence in our ability to achieve them. Finally, my last item before taking questions is to look at our year-to-date results and our fourth quarter outlook. As summarized on Slide 15, our core earnings, excluding DAC unlock, prior year developments, cats above budget and restructuring charges for the first 9 months of the year, totaled $1.2 billion or $2.40 per diluted share. Our current fourth quarter outlook projects core earnings of approximately $375 million to $400 million or $0.77 to $0.82 per diluted share based on an estimated diluted share count of approximately 486 million shares. This outlook does not include any estimate of DAC unlock or prior year loss development and is also before the previously mentioned restructuring charge, which approximates $0.10 per diluted share. This outlook includes a budgeted cat load of approximately $68 million before tax. This cat load does not include an estimate of expected losses from Sandy. Our plan is to update you on the impact of this major storm event when we have good estimates. Combined with year-to-date results, our current 2012 outlook, excluding the DAC unlock, prior year development and other items listed on Slide 15, totals approximately $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion for the year, slightly less than our December '11 outlook of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion. We are pleased with this result given the challenging microeconomic environment, as well as the significant strategic actions we took this year, which were not anticipated in our December outlook. We are currently working on our 2013 plan, which we expect to share with you in February on our fourth quarter 2012 earnings call. To conclude, I am pleased with both our business results and our strategic accomplishments this quarter and this year. Despite the weak economy and low interest rates, our business has performed largely in line with our expectations. Our capital resources remain strong and stable, and our hedging programs continue to protect us against adverse economic and market conditions. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Sabra to begin our Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. We have about 30 minutes of time for Q&A. Felicia, could you please give the instructions for asking a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So first, a quick question on the enhanced surrenders that you're doing on the variable annuities. I'm just curious if the offers -- how do the offers and the -- kind of the premium that you're going to be offering, how would that roughly compare to the reserves that you're holding against those guarantees?
Liam E. McGee: Mark, this is Liam. I'm going to have Beth Bombara, who runs our Runoff division, answer that question.
Beth A. Bombara: Okay. Thanks, Mark, for the question. So the way I think about it is, obviously, with the enhanced surrender value option, we are paying a premium above the current account value. That might be slightly higher than the reserves that we carry today. But the way that we really look and evaluate these programs is we look at what it does to the requirements in our stress scenarios because, as you know, we hold capital for our stress scenarios, and we would anticipate that the cost of the program would be less than what the benefit is we would see from reductions in required reserves in those stress scenarios.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. Second question is for Chris. I guess on Slide 12, you kind of gave a comparison of the hedged mark-to-market asset versus the change in the VACARVM liability, which was essentially flattish in the quarter despite markets obviously being a little bit higher. I'm just kind of curious in a broad -- from a broad perspective, are we at that kind of point where we should start to see -- if markets continue to cooperate, if we should start to see statutory earnings in the Variable Annuity business?
Christopher John Swift: Mark, thanks for the question. I think your point's a good one. This quarter was negative $4 million, as we talked about. And I remind you that, again, we're -- our hedge programs aren't, I'll call it, managing all the economics, so we still have risk positions on. So you're always going to have, I'll call it differences between your VACARVM liabilities and your changes in fair value of hedge assets. But as we've said before, generally, at the 1450 S&P level, we start to feel very good about the performance of the VA block going forward. You could see it in I'm going to call it the net amount of risk coming down this quarter. So we're at that inflection point where if markets continue to improve -- and it won't happen overnight, Mark, where we would generate a lot of statutory surplus off the VA block, but over time, with steady market performance, it is very positive for us. I would have to point out that offsetting that is really the continued low interest rate environment. So as much as equity markets are positive around the world, low interest rates in the U.S., Europe and in Japan are still a significant headwind for our statutory surplus creation on the Life side.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up to that point. In your last year presentation, you kind of gave an estimated long-term economic cost to hedging, kind of 40 basis points on the U.S. block; 15 dynamic, 25 macro. As you look out, does that change at all with kind of how the block has moved in the markets?
Christopher John Swift: Not really. I mean, if I look at, I'll call it the cost, what we're expending and sort of the path-dependent performance of our hedges, I mean, it's fairly consistent with what we started, the year end [ph]. So as we head into '13, Mark, if we're going to modify any of our hedging programs, which we are always considering how to make it more economic beneficial, we'll update you. But right now, as we head into the fourth quarter, I'd say those estimates are still the best ones we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So a couple quick questions. I'm looking at Slide 14, the expense reduction target. Obviously, 2 pretty large pieces of that pie won't really start to come through until the sales close. But with respect to the remaining $235 million of expense reductions, I'm wondering how much of that is already in your run rate earnings currently?
Liam E. McGee: I'll have Chris give you a little more detail, John. Thanks.
Christopher John Swift: John, thanks. I would say, let's take the pieces, the $100 million for U.S. annuity shutdown, there's probably -- we're probably 30% achieved on our mission through '12, so there is some in there. There'll be more that will come out, particularly as we shrink shared services in 2013. The $135 million of, I'll call it expense efficiencies, I'd say most of that will relate to our 2013 plan. So I wouldn't say that there's very much in our run rate at this point in time. That's the incremental goal that we established for '13.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, very helpful. Then sort of separately from the Variable Annuity business for a moment, thinking about the Fixed Annuity business. I'm just interested in whether you've seen any interest in that business given the continued M&A activity in that particular product line industry-wide. And if you could just remind us how much statutory capital, approximately, you currently have supporting that business.
Christopher John Swift: John, if I understood your questions, it's called the Fixed Annuity Transaction Market. I know Beth and her team, we work closely with her on those opportunities. I mean, we're aware, we have intel, we've got advisers that are working with us. I think our simple analysis right now of what we see, appetite in the marketplace compared to our book of business, we just see a disconnect, particularly given the low interest rates. And as far as the capital, I haven't provided capital by product line. We might do that going forward, but historically, we haven't. How I think about capital in total, John, is you think of the $7.5 billion of capital we have in the blue books, we have approximately 150 -- excuse me, $1.5 billion of that capital allocated to Group Benefits. And the rest would be supporting VA, Fixed Annuities and our Institutional Annuity blocks going forward.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And that $7.5 billion, some of that, Chris, is related to the Life business, no?
Christopher John Swift: Yes.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then last quick one for you is just, given the recent move lower in longer-term new money yields, plus you combine that with the fact that you're going to sell a few businesses that are at least somewhat rate sensitives, I was just wondering if you could just update for us your outlook for how we should think about rate pressure on your go-forward businesses into 2013. Because I think previously you had talked about something along the lines of $50 million in '13, another $50 million on top of that in '14, et cetera. Is it fair to assume that that's changed a bit given the sales and given rates?
Christopher John Swift: Thank you for the question, John. There's 2 aspects of rates that I just -- we'll touch upon. One we touched upon from a statutory cash flow testing in approaching year-end. I mean, so there is going to be some pressure on that as far as additional reserves, cash flow testing reserves, C3 Phase I impacts, so that would be the first pressure point. As we look forward then, after we sell Retirement and Life, and we'll talk more about this when we provide you the full '13 plan, we have about $4 billion of cash flows to reinvest in '13 and '14 for our ongoing businesses. And so I would say that the new pressure point for continued low interest rates on a run rate basis is probably in the $20 million range for '13. And then it would jump to $50 million in 2014.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Crdit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to come back to the expense plan reduction of, Chris, I think you said $850 million all in. Just so I understand it correctly, the -- I heard, in response to John's question, what you said about the 2013 plan, which was you've only achieved 30% so far on the VA, $100 million, so that's an incremental $70 million there, and $135 million on other various initiatives. So let's just add this up to $200 million. That still leaves another $650 million. Should we assume this $650 million incremental is being offset by all the lost revenues that are going away with these asset sales? I just want to think about the other $600 million plus, and eventually, does any of that come through to the bottom line or not?
Christopher John Swift: Tom, it's Chris. I think on the slide, if you had a chance to look at it, the $450 million of your $600 million number is really going to the new owners, so it's the employees, it's the infrastructure. So really, when we close those transactions, $450 million comes out immediately. And then what we're left with is -- that really represents $165 million, which represents, I'll call it, reducing our shared service platforms: IT, operations, finance. That approximates the 500 positions that we'll eliminate in '13. That will come out somewhat ratably in 2013.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that explains that perfectly. The -- another follow-up on the Variable Annuity filing for the buyouts. Can you just give a little more color for what the target is here? I presume it's going to be the contracts that have the largest in-the-money type benefits that you'd be going after and the biggest VACARVM reserves. Can you frame it a bit in terms of size? Are you targeting -- is it 10% or 20% of your book? Is it bigger? A little more color on the scale for this and what you're sort of hoping for.
Liam E. McGee: Tom, we'll have Beth do that. She'll give you a little more color in addition to the comments I made about it being about 15% of the book and about 45% of the NAR. So go ahead, Beth.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes. Thanks, Tom. So a couple of things just to frame it as to what policies this impacts. So it's about -- in total, about $5 billion of account value, and it's related to policies that have our LIB II [ph] rider associated with them, which is a lifetime income benefit rider. And again, the way that these programs work, as I'm sure you know, is that they're made available to all policyholders that meet the criteria that is in the filing. So as far as targeting certain policyholders, again, it's open to all. When we think about the benefits that we might see, currently, this book we see about a 5% lapse rate. When I look at what might be reasonable expectations as to what we might see for sort of an increase in the take rate, I think to the extent that, that doubles or triples, I think that's a reasonable expectation because we would never think that this choice would be right for all policyholders that have this benefit. So that -- again, that's how we're thinking about it right now. And then as we go through the approval process and we're able to actually offer this benefit to policyholders, we'll trip those estimates as we see actual take rates from the program.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And is there -- when you say 45% of the NAR, is it also approximately 45% of the reserves in capital, or is it not that linear?
Beth A. Bombara: Well, I think in all things VA, things are never linear, so I wouldn't look at it exactly that way. But again, given the fact that it does have the profile that it has, you would expect that the reserves allocated to it are higher than maybe other reserves associated with other portions of our block.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just the last -- one last, if I could sneak it in. Chris, just on Japan, the main concern I've been hearing on that lately is rates are low. There's -- is there a risk, because of how deep in the money those contracts are in terms of the VA, that there's going to be a higher utilization than you've modeled, so there's fear that you might have to add to capital and reserves in Japan? Can you just give us some idea for, over the next 2 to 3 years, whether Japan is likely -- more likely to be a consumer or a returner of capital or something that's kind of neutral?
Christopher John Swift: Tom, on low rates in Japan, I would say, right now, in sort of our baseline scenario out the next couple years, we don't see the need to inject capital into Japan. But as you pointed out, there are obviously pressure points from low interest rates. All I can say is that our assumptions, as I looked at them, and again, we updated all our policyholder behavior assumptions this quarter, I think are very, very prudent. We do assume a high utilization of that benefit going forward. So I think we've planned for it. But in, again, a baseline scenario, I don't think they're going to consume capital, but on the other hand, I don't think they're going to be releasing capital back to the U.S. in a short period of time either.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First one, can you just clarify your cat reinsurance program? I believe you've got a $350 million deductible on it. Is there anything else we should think about as we kind of look at Sandy and the potential loss impact here?
Liam E. McGee: At a high level, Brian, you've got it, that our maximum loss retention is $350 million.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great, great. And then also from where Sandy hit, how can we kind of think about your market share, is it disproportionately larger there, something like that? Anything you can kind of give us color on that?
Liam E. McGee: Brian, Doug Elliot and his team have done an incredible amount of detail work on that side. And again, while it's very early, I think he can give you a flavor.
Douglas G. Elliot: Brian, this is Doug. I would say from a commercial perspective, we don't see ourselves out of pattern in any of the areas. Obviously, these are early days, but as we go through both our zip code and our territorial analysis across all the affected areas, I think you'll see us in line relative to market footprint across the states.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then I'd like to ask a question on some of the workers' comp reserve actions you continued to take here. I'm just curious, what's the challenge here in actually getting kind of loss picks right and reserves right with that line of business? And is there anything you're doing that, going forward, we're not going to see some of this current year development and adverse development on this line?
Douglas G. Elliot: So let's separate the current and the prior, and let me see if I can add some color and give you some confidence about some of the actions we're taking, which we feel very good about. Number one, on the prior accident year, and we look at $18 million against the base of $6 billion. I look at that, Brian, really as tuning. We did do some minor strengthening to the accident years '11, '10 and '09, and we had some releases 5, 4 and 3. But $18 million and $6 billion, really, given what we've gone through the last 5 quarters, I feel very good about our position. And we will continue to monitor aggressively and not -- there might not be little bumps on the road, but we are in a completely different spot than we were 5 quarters ago. When I think about the current year, a little bit of 2 stories. One is 2/3 of our comp actions in the year were in Small Commercial. When you step back and think about Small Commercial, our returns and combined ratios in Small are really, really outstanding, and I think they will stack up with pretty much anybody in the industry. We saw a little bit of medical severity in the quarter and a little bit of larger cases. So nothing major, but enough so that we made some minor modifications to our current accident year pick in Comp in Small. It's the first time we've had to do that in several years, but we're watching and staying very careful again, albeit you see the combined ratios and saw very solid returns and in line with outstanding rate adequacy across Small Commercial. A different story in Middle. We've talked aggressively about the rate actions we were taking in our Middle Market book the last 5, 6 quarters. We feel good about those rate actions. They do not stop in third quarter '12. We continue to march on. And as Liam mentioned, we're marching on into quarter 4. So we're out beyond our trends both on a frequency and severity standpoint and we now are improving margins. The prior actions had a little bit of Middle to them, but as I look at the current accident year, there isn't anything that concerns me. And I feel good about the actions we're taking in the marketplace and reflected in the balance sheet. So maybe some bumps along the way and a few bumps in the quarter but really very, very steady progress. And our behavior in the marketplace, both from a new business perspective and a rate retention, I think is a completely different spot than where we were third quarter 2011.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just one last quick question for you, Doug. In new business, Small Commercial actually declining this quarter. Anything going on? Is that something we should continue to see going forward?
Douglas G. Elliot: So for us in Small Commercial, we clearly are looking at our dials, and we're making some adjustments. Our pricing in Small Commercial moved up in the quarter. That was a good thing. We've got a little bit of pressure in automobile. We're watching that carefully, and so we've adjusted pricing, and I think that has affected some of the top line. Nothing that at this moment that concerns me, but clearly not -- you're right, not at the run rate that we had for the first 6 months. So we'll stay on top of that. I want to make sure our margins stay very strong in that business, but we also are mindful that it's a business we'd like to grow, and we're thoughtful as we move forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a few series of questions, I guess, on the VA buyout plans. I think last quarter, when I asked about sort of the buyout opportunity, there was a comment that, we don't know if there's evidence yet that consumers will actually kind of make that trade. So have you seen evidence now that consumers will make that trade? And then if you achieve some of the targets that Beth talked about, I guess, what would be the next most logical step for further runoff of the VA book? I guess are there conversations or extensions you may be having with other participants that some of the more deep-in-the-money contracts, if those can get cleared out, that additional opportunities would free up, or is that just too optimistic?
Liam E. McGee: Chris, let me make just a high-level comment. I'll let Beth comment on the market intelligence of others have done it. Beth and her team, to your -- the second part of your question, are examining every single possibility we can reasonably consider to accelerate the runoffs of the book. And as I just said in my remarks, eventually, a permanent resolution to the size of risk of some of the books as well. So we have a variety of things in the pipeline. Some will materialize because they'll make sense, some won't, but there's no stone being left unturned in our Life Runoff business. So with that, Beth, I'll turn it over to you for any additional context that you want to give.
Beth A. Bombara: Sure. So as it relates to the first part of your question, Chris, as to the success of some of these programs by others. Anecdotally, we've heard that there had been some success, but really, the way we looked at designing our program was really more about looking at our book and the characteristics of the policies that we're targeting through this. And so because of that, and when we look at the offer that we're making, we do think that this will be attractive to some of the policyholders. So we do expect to see some take rate as it relates to this program once it's launched.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Liam, just one quick follow-up. I'm not asking for specifics around the deployment of the $2.2 billion, but if -- did I understand you correctly that the $2.2 billion will be used for debt pay-down, buybacks, as well as some action on further runoff of the VA book?
Liam E. McGee: Well, Chris, let me take a step back, first of all. Our capital management plan will be a holistic plan, including the $2.2 billion. And as I said, our current intentions -- we certainly don't want to get ahead of our regulator and our other constituencies, and we're in conversations with them. So our current intentions would be to do debt prepayment. At these share prices, repurchases are very accretive, as you know. And third, to preserve some capital so that we could be opportunistic when opportunities to permanently reduce the size and risk of the legacy annuity liabilities, which we believe will be very attractive for shareholders.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR.
Daniel K. Altscher - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: This is Dan Altscher on for Randy. A question for either Chris or Doug, on some clarification on the workers' comp accident year loss ratios. I think, Chris, you said that 2012 is running about 4 points better than 2011. Could you maybe give what the 2012 and 2011 accident year loss ratios are looking like, actual numbers?
Douglas G. Elliot: Right, so Randy, let me -- this is Doug -- Dan, this is Doug. When you think about accident year '11, what we're referring to is accident '11 as it sits right now, which is the 7-quarter look at '11, and that is correct that our view about accident year '12 versus '11 is about 4 points different. At the moment, third quarter '12 accident year is in the high 60s, 68. And I would say again, that's our combined standard workers' comp ratio, so it includes Middle and Small. There are different dynamics inside each, but those are the components that roll up to the total, and also a little bit of National over the top.
Daniel K. Altscher - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then just a quick follow-up for Beth. You said the premium option or that the takeout of the VA buyout, the premium that's being offered is relatively attractive. Can you size that a little bit? Is it 5% above account value, 10% account value? And now with the NAR being so much lower with equity markets higher, what does that take, like are policyholders really going to be interested in that now that their accounts are much closer to being made whole?
Beth A. Bombara: Sure. So a couple things as it relates to that. As it relates to the program, the way that it works is that if a policyholder were to elect this option, they would be able to take out their account value with a waiver of any surrender charges that might still be applicable. And about 55% of this book still has some portion of a surrender charge that's applicable. And then the enhancement that they get above that account value is if they get a payment of 20% of what the benefit base is, or think about that as the guarantee amount, subject to a cap of overall 90%. So it does provide an enhancement. Again, as we look at this book, a significant portion of it is in the money, so that most -- there are several policyholders that, if they elect to this benefit, they would receive an amount greater than their current account value.
Douglas G. Elliot: Dan, let me add one other detail to you. I want to make sure that when you look at quarter-to-quarter, you go back and actually look at when we roll out our quarterly triangles. You make sure that the 7-quarter look at accident '11 is there. The year-to-date September comp all-in 3-quarter look will be 64, 64 2 [ph]. So there are lots of questions coming whether the quarter-to-date change -- the quarter-to-date change is 68, but the year-to-date will be 64.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Felicia, I believe we're running out of time. We have another company who has a call starting at 10. So I'd like to thank you all for joining us today on the call. I know many of you are dealing with telecommunications and commuting challenges. Please feel free to reach out to the IR department at The Hartford for any follow-up questions, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Liam E. McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Douglas G. Elliot - President of Commercial Markets Andr A. Napoli - Executive Vice President and President of Consumer Markets
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Vincent M. DeAugustino - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney
Operator: Good morning. My name is Darlene, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Sabra Purtill, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Darlene. Good morning, and welcome to The Hartford Second Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Our speakers today are Liam McGee, The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO; and Chris Swift, our CFO. Other members of our senior management team here today include Doug Elliot, Brion Johnson, Alan Kreczko, Andy Napoli, and Bob Rupp. As detailed on Page 2 of the presentation, statements concerning The Hartford's future results or actions should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements. You should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause The Hartford's actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release, our second quarter 10-Q, 2011 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC. Please note that our presentation includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Definitions and reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure are provided in our financial supplement, press release, 10-Q and on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before I get started, I want to welcome Brion Johnson, our recently appointed Chief Investment Officer. Prior to his appointment in May, Brion was Head of Strategy and Finance for our Investment Management subsidiary. This was a productive quarter at The Hartford. We generated good underlying financial results, marked by improved performance in our go-forward businesses. We successfully refinanced the Allianz debt and completed the $500 million equity repurchase program. We also made progress in executing our new strategy, particularly in the sales processes for the Life businesses, which are proceeding as expected. Let me start with an overview of our quarterly financial results. Core earnings were $119 million or $0.23 per diluted share, including high catastrophe losses, although less than last year's; restructuring expenses; and an unfavorable DAC unlock. Adjusting for these items, core earnings were $0.85 per diluted share, ahead of our May outlook. Importantly, earnings were marked by favorable momentum in our go-forward businesses. Core earnings in P&C Commercial increased 67% from the prior year, reflecting lower catastrophe losses and the favorable impact of the pricing and underwriting actions launched last year, particularly in workers' compensation. We saw adverse loss trends in the comp line early and immediately began taking action. Workers' compensation trends are generally performing as we expected, with only a slight adjustment this quarter. Our actions are now yielding results, and we're optimistic that we've turned the corner. We're getting price increases in all lines with a 7% renewal price increase in standard commercial. In Middle Market, our renewal pricing was up 16% in workers' compensation, and we expect to continue to improve margins and product mix. Retention remains strong for the accounts we want to keep, although down a bit in total as we shed more of our unprofitable accounts. In Group Benefits, core earnings were up from first quarter. We had favorable Life and AD&D results, as well as a seasonal improvement in long-term disability trends. The Hartford was among the first to recognize adverse trends in incidence and terminations, which we addressed by taking pricing actions beginning in early 2011 and continuing through today. It will take more time and work to get this business back to historical profitability, but I'm encouraged with our progress. In Consumer Markets, the quarter's financial results were adversely affected by heavy cat activity. We remain focused on profitable growth and improving both margins and ROEs. Retention continues to improve in both homeowners and auto, even as we continue to take rate in each. New business trends are also good, up 17% over the prior year. We remain excited about the prospects for our Mutual Funds business and our expanded relationship with Wellington. During the quarter, we completed the transition of fixed income funds to Wellington, and our marketing initiatives will expand in the second half. We're confident that our Mutual Fund assets will grow, given Wellington's leading capabilities in managing both equities and fixed income. This is particularly important, given the continued flows out of equity and into fixed income funds industry-wide. We're on track for our targeted expense reductions, and as Chris will present in more detail, have increased our 2013 goals. In addition, in order to remain efficient in our go-forward businesses, we will eliminate all expenses for the Life businesses that are being sold. Now let me review this quarter's progress and our strategy announced in March, to focus on P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds. As you recall, these businesses satisfied all 3 of our requirements: first, that they have competitive market positions on which we could invest for future profitable growth; next, that they generate, not consume capital; and finally, that they will lead to lower market sensitivity for the company. We also announced that we shut down our U.S. VA business and put it into runoff, and that we would sell the Individual Life, Retirement Plans and Woodbury Financial Services, our retail broker-dealer. Since that announcement, we've made solid progress in achieving our sharper focus strategy. First, the sales processes are proceeding as planned. On Tuesday, we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to sell Woodbury Financial Services for proceeds totaling $115 million, subject to closing adjustments. The sales processes for the remaining Life businesses continue, and we look forward to updating you when definitive sales agreements have been reached. Second, we have effectively shut down our U.S. variable annuities business. We signed a definitive agreement to sell the new VA business infrastructure, which we expect to close by year-end. The sale provides a smooth transition to more than 100 of our teammates in the U.S. Individual Annuity organization. We expect to reduce expenses by $100 million before tax in 2013 as a result. Third, on the legacy annuity block, we announced the appointment of Beth Bombara as President of the Life runoff business. Beth has a deep knowledge of The Hartford and the annuity business and has a track record of significant accomplishments. She and her team will accelerate the good work already underway to reduce the size and risk of our legacy annuity liabilities, as well as initiatives that could isolate or separate them from the ongoing businesses and, over time, free up capital. Given current economic conditions, this process will take time, but we will be prepared to take advantage of opportunities to reduce or sell blocks of business. We will balance economics and any possible consumption of statutory surplus against the potentially positive impact on shareholder value of reducing the block. We are confident that we will achieve our goals. In the meantime, the VA hedging programs provide protection to policyholders and shareholders from adverse economic environments. I know that there's a lot of interest in our plans for the use of the proceeds from the sales of the Life businesses. As we discussed in March, we will maintain capital sufficient for adverse economic environments and supportive of our go-forward businesses and their current ratings. We will work with all of our constituencies, including regulators and rating agencies, to develop a final plan that supports both our business and capital management goals. Now, while our plans are not final, we expect to repay a minimum of $320 million of debt maturing in July 2013, in order to maintain leverage and interest coverage ratios at levels that support current ratings and also to pursue accretive actions for shareholders, which currently would be common stock repurchases or future potential transactions that would reduce the size and risk of the annuity book. We will update you in early 2013 as our plans and the business sales are finalized. So to conclude, the second quarter was successful at The Hartford on many fronts. We had good core earnings and continued momentum in our go-forward businesses. We completed the $500 million stock buyback, repurchased the Allianz debt and made more progress on our expense initiatives. We announced an agreement to sell Woodbury Financial Services on Tuesday, and the sales processes of the Individual Life and Retirement Plans businesses are proceeding as planned. We are diligently exploring opportunities to reduce the size and risk of our annuity exposures, isolate or separate them from the ongoing businesses and, over time, free up associated capital. We know we have a lot more work to do, but we are confident that we're on the right path. And I look forward to sharing our progress with you next quarter and beyond. I'll now turn the microphone over to Chris, who will cover our financial results in more detail. Chris?
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. My comments this morning will cover 3 areas: a review of second quarter results; an update of our expense targets; and our third quarter current outlook. Second quarter core earnings were $119 million or $0.23 per diluted share, representing a significant improvement over prior year. These results include 4 items I want to highlight. First, catastrophe losses were $189 million after tax, which is $105 million higher than our original outlook. Second, we had unfavorable prior year loss reserve development of $32 million. Both of these items are in line with our July 16 announcement. Third, our results included unfavorable DAC unlock of $127 million, largely related to our quarterly adjustment for market performance on our runoff annuity block. Finally, we also incurred $31 million of restructuring charges, primarily for severance and retention associated with the sales of Individual Life, Retirement Plans and Woodbury Financial services, as well as the shutdown of U.S. VA new business. Core earnings this quarter, excluding these 4 items, were $414 million or $0.85 per diluted share based on a 485 million share count. This is higher than May's outlook of $0.70 to $0.75 per share, primarily driven by better-than-anticipated group benefit results. In this low interest rate environment, we remain focused on pricing actions, as well as strategies to maintain investment yields. The investment portfolio yield was stable this quarter at 4.3%, excluding limited partnerships and other alternative investments, which had a 10% annualized return in the quarter. Consistent with last quarter, we modestly extended the duration of the portfolio and slightly increased our holdings in higher-yielding asset classes. Impairments and changes to the mortgage loan loss reserve rose this quarter to $60 million after tax and DAC, largely due to losses on some recently downgraded financial institution preferred equity securities. Overall, fundamental credit performance remained strong, with no material changes in default experience or expectations. Turning to Slide 6. Second quarter book -- 2012 book value per diluted share was $45.59, an increase of 14% over last year. Book value benefited from declining interest rates, which increased the unrealized gains in our fixed investments. Excluding AOCI, book value per diluted share rose by 2% to $40.91. Book value growth over the last year was muted by higher catastrophes, as well as this quarter's $587 million charge for repaying the Allianz debt. This was a major step in restructuring the balance sheet and enhancing our financial flexibility. We also repurchased $106 million of common stock this quarter to complete our $500 million share repurchase plan. This is also reflected in our book value. Turning to segment results. Slide 7 shows the summary results for P&C Commercial. Core earnings were $160 million, a 67% increase from the prior year due to better catastrophe results. Results also include a $12 million after tax of net unfavorable prior year loss reserve development across multiple lines. This included about $28 million after tax of adverse development on our workers' compensation book, largely for accident year 2011. The combined ratio, x cat, x prior year, was 94.5%, up slightly over prior year's 93.1%, which did not include the change in our 2011 accident year loss picks we made in the third and fourth quarter last year. We continue to expect the P&C Commercial combined ratio, x cats, x prior year, to improve based on achieved pricing and outlook for future rate increases. As Liam mentioned, we continue to see strong price increases in P&C Commercial. We achieved renewal rate price increases of 7% in standard commercial equal to the first quarter. Workers' compensation is a key driver, with a 16% rate increase in Middle Market. Consistent with first quarter, all other commercial lines had rate increases as well, with 6% in Small Commercial, 8% in Middle Market property, 6% in Middle Market general liability. Our pricing actions have impacted retention slightly. Middle Market retention was lower at 73% in the quarter, which is a top line trade-off we are making to improve margins. Small Commercial retention remained strong at 82%, slightly down from last year and last quarter. We will continue to be disciplined in our pricing initiatives, which are focused on achieving better margins on underperforming accounts, while maintaining margins and retention on our best performing accounts. Shifting to Group Benefits. Core earnings of $34 million were a significant improvement, well above first quarter levels and up $4 million from last year's quarter. The loss ratio was 78.6%, an improvement over the first quarter, which tends to be seasonally high but still up from the 78% in prior year. As a result of our rate actions and the very competitive marketplace, premiums declined 6%. This reflects the impact of pricing action on both new business and renewal trends occurring over the last 18 months. We had favorable Life and AD&D experience, so I wouldn't annualize this quarter for the second half of the year. We still expect Group Benefit results this year to be flat, with the $86 million earned in 2011. Nevertheless, we are encouraged by our results in this line, and we are confident that our initiatives over the past 18 months will get us to where we need to be. Turning to Slide 9. Consumer Markets had core losses of $48 million due to catastrophe losses above budget, although below last year's level. Andy Napoli and his team are managing the book for profitable growth by balancing pricing, retention, new business levels, and like the entire organization, expense efficiency. Retention has improved over the past several quarters and was up 2 points in both lines compared to a year ago. Net written premiums declined 2%, partially due to lower than historic retention, which was partially offset by strong new business production. Auto new business was up 13% for the quarter and 21% year-to-date. AARP Agency is a strong growth source. First half 2012 written premiums in AARP Agency almost doubled to $59 million from the prior year period. The second quarter combined ratio, x cat, and prior year development was 91.3%, essentially flat with last year's 91.2%. Homeowners, in particular, remains negatively impacted by elevated weather events. We remain focused on improving profitability with renewal, written price increases in the quarter of 6% in homeowners and 4% in auto. Auto physical damage loss severity remains a challenge, and we are watching frequency carefully. Auto liability frequency ticked up a little bit in the first quarter, but that trend did not continue in the second quarter. We are monitoring auto loss cost trends closely, and we'll adjust our pricing as necessary. But in general, we are comfortable with our current balance of pricing, retention and new business. Homeowners, on the other hand, needs more rate industry-wide, principally because of cats and non-cat weather. We are encouraged by our results in Consumer Markets as we continue to focus on opportunities for profitable growth and improving margins and ROEs. Mutual fund results are summarized on Slide 10. All fixed income funds have now transitioned to Wellington, and expanded marketing initiatives are planned for the second half of the year. However, near-term earnings have been impacted by continued negative flows from equity funds, an industry-wide trend. Mutual fund core earnings this quarter were $18 million, down $9 million from prior year due to a 14% decline in assets under management compared to a year ago. Core earnings also included expenses for moving the business to Pennsylvania and expanding distribution teams. The results of our combined Life and P&C runoff division are on Slide 11. Core earnings, x DAC unlock, were $148 million. This includes $162 million from Life and a loss of $14 million in P&C, which includes the asbestos environmental charge. Excluding the A&E charge and DAC unlock, core earnings were in line with our expectations. I know there is interest in our annuity surrender experience since our March 21 announcement. Surrender activity for the U.S. block averaged an annualized rate of 17.5% for the quarter. The surrender rate increased to 20% in April immediately following the announcement but has since trended down to last year's level of 14% in July. Some of the decline is probably due to the decline in market levels, as we normally see lower surrenders in down markets. These surrender rates include both full and partial surrenders, which are now disclosed separately in the IFS. Full surrenders for the second quarter were 13% annualized, up from 10% in the first quarter. Partial withdrawals were flat at 4.8%. While either type of activity helps reduce the size of the annuity liabilities, full surrenders completely eliminate the risk of those contracts. It's worth noting that this 2Q in-the-moneyness surrenders have been running about 35% of the total, roughly consistent with the overall in-the-moneyness of the U.S. VA GMWB block. Slide 12 provides a summary of VA hedging results for the quarter. Our VA hedging programs primarily focus on economics. As you know, there are differences between GAAP, stat and economic results. During the quarter, the net statutory impact of our VA liabilities and hedges was a negative $228 million before tax, which excludes fees and other impacts to surplus. We ended the quarter with nearly $4 billion of VA statutory reserves in our U.S. and Japan subsidiaries. Slide 13 is our surplus roll-forward. Total U.S. statutory surplus increased approximately $200 million in the second quarter. This is after $200 million of dividends from the P&C operations to the holding company. P&C had statutory operating earnings of about $100 million. VA statutory impacts were $100 million positive. Other items, primarily deferred taxes, were almost $200 million favorable. In total, U.S. statutory Life surplus increased to $7.7 billion from $7.5 billion, while P&C surplus was essentially flat at $7.7 billion. As you can see on Slide 14, capital resources remained strong at $18 million after -- excuse me, $18 billion after completing the share repurchase program and the Allianz refinancing. Holding company cash and short-term investments totaled $1.3 billion, down slightly from March, due principally to the settlement of the warrant repurchase and the $106 million of share repurchases in the quarter. Slide 15 set forth our updated expense target reductions. In December of last year, we laid out a $450 million expense reduction target for year-end 2013. We have increased that by a net $30 million to $480 million. This includes a $70 million reduction reflecting the portion of the original target that was attributable to the Life businesses being sold. It also reflects $100 million of expense reductions arising from the shutdown of U.S. VA business. Additionally, in the quarter, we incurred about $31 million of after tax restructuring and other expenses associated with the sales process, including retention expenses and advisory fees. We expect to incur approximately $40 million after tax in additional restructuring charges related to these activities in the second half of 2012. Before taking questions, I want to briefly provide you with our outlook for the third quarter. We expect third quarter core earnings to be in the range of $0.75 to $0.80 per diluted share, including catastrophe losses of approximately $75 million after tax. Our third quarter estimate does not include the following items: first, it does not include prior year P&C loss reserve development; second, the outlook does not reflect any DAC unlocks, including those related to our annual third quarter assumption study; finally, it does not include any expenses or charges relating to the sales processes for the Life businesses, and it excludes $25 million of restructuring and other expenses we expect to occur in the quarter. To conclude, I am pleased with our business results this quarter and for the year-to-date. With the exception of catastrophes, our businesses this quarter performed largely in line with our expectations, with a slight positive from Group Benefits. Our investment results remained strong despite the challenging low interest rate environment. Looking forward, we will continue to maintain our pricing discipline in the P&C businesses, and we expect our initiatives in Group Benefits and Mutual Funds to help improve profitability in 2013 and beyond. At this point, I'd like to turn the call back over to Sabra to begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. We have time for about 30 minutes of Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Darlene, could you please start the Q&A process?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the proceeds from the sale of the businesses currently in runoff, Liam, you talked initially about using buybacks or reducing the size of the annuity book, giving us an update there in early 2013. Does that mean the sale process might be taking a little longer than you thought? And can you frame it out just a bit more in terms of how you're thinking about deploying those proceeds?
Liam E. McGee: Jay, first of all, the sales process is proceeding as we expected. As you recall, Jay, when we announced our decision to sell the 3 businesses in March, we also indicated we were prepared. We have done all of our actuarial studies, and so the offering memorandum were in the marketplace approximately a month after our announcement. I would say that, as I said earlier, the process is proceeding as we expected. These are attractive businesses, and it's been a competitive process. In terms of the capital plan, we want to get the agreement signed. As I mentioned in my remarks, work with our constituencies. And I think the convergence of those things says that we'll give you a final capital plan in early 2013. So I would describe everything proceeding as we had expected when we announced things in March.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then for the third quarter DAC study, can you -- is there any sort of boundaries you can give us on that in terms of what we should be thinking about in terms of potential charges going into that study?
Liam E. McGee: Chris?
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. I wouldn't say there's anything other than normal, I'll call it expense, mortality, interest rate-type assumptions, policyholder behaviors. So I wouldn't say there's any boundaries. It's just our normal annual update that we'll go through.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Year-to-date, how are things tracking along with current assumptions?
Christopher John Swift: I'd say they're tracking very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So just as a quick follow-up on the early 2013, Chris or Liam, it sounds like that's really just around giving us some clarity on the deployment of proceeds. So nothing really changing in terms of your expectation for timing of actual sale announcements. Is that correct?
Liam E. McGee: That's an accurate statement, John, so let me reiterate. I want to be crystal clear on this point. The sales processes are proceeding as we expected. These -- we're pleased to have announced the Woodbury transaction on Tuesday. The Life and Retirement Plan process is proceeding. It -- these are attractive businesses, and it's been a competitive process. The -- we want to present to you and investors an updated, more final capital plan, which will include prospective capital management actions. So I think we're right on schedule.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. So then a question -- maybe 2 quick ones for Chris. A question on interest rate risk. Just on the conference call before this one with the folks at Met, they sort of gave us an update of looking at instead of a 2% 10-year, looking at a 1.4%- or 1.5%-type 10-year environment. Can you give us a sense, too, for what that incremental 50 or 60 basis points lower-type rate environment would do to that earnings sensitivity you had provided some -- a few quarters ago?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, happy to, John. And low interest rates, as you know, just are a headwind for everyone in financial services. But our specific, either way I think about it from a momentum side, the assets that we have on the books, so the maturing cash flows and the new cash flows, if we look at the impacts in '13 and '14, I'd call it, roughly the $25 million to $30 million in '13. And you can roughly double it from there in '14 if rates stay low at today's level.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So that's it? That's the incremental above the original guidance?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, it is the incremental impact to sort of the momentum that we will give up in the run rate earnings.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes. Okay, that's helpful. And then just a last real quick one. On Slide 12 in your conference call presentation, just can you give some granularity on the VA? I guess the hedge assets didn't quite keep up with the liability in the quarter. Can you give us just a little bit of granularity on what drove that? Was that equity markets, rates, currency? What...
Christopher John Swift: Again, John, I think the attribution, we could work with you off-line, if that's really important to you. But I think the big thing is just, generally, keep in mind, we're not 100% hedged on the economics. So there's always going to be a basis difference. You're always going to have, I'll call it a Japanese impact because most of our Japanese hedges are in the U.S. legal entity. So I would describe it mostly basis difference from my perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So I kind of wanted to try and, I guess, follow up on Jay's question and talk a little bit about your comments on kind of reducing the size of the VA book, isolating and separating it. I appreciate that this is not what's in focus now. Right now, you're focused on selling the 3 other properties. But, I mean, would it be possible to kind of at least frame out at a high level what that might look like? Meaning, could we expect to lose the DAC that's associated with the VA business? I mean, that's an assumption we're making with the potential Life divestiture. And kind of feel confident that there's some material on a capital that could get out of the VA book if you are able to isolate or separate some of that risk from Hartford.
Liam E. McGee: Well, Randy, I'm going to ask Chris to give a little more detail on that, but let me just be very clear in the comments that I made. Our -- under Beth's leadership, our goal is to reduce both the liabilities and the risk of the annuity book. And if opportunities present themselves, to potentially isolate or separate it. In terms of the -- and we do think, over time, there will be a capital that will be freed up as a result of that. In terms of your question on DAC and everything, I'm going to turn to Chris.
Christopher John Swift: Randy, a couple of points. One, I agree with Liam. And I think what we've been trying to communicate clearly is that as the block runs off, capital will be freed up, not necessarily literally, probably, generally, just take more time. And of the $7.6 billion of, I'll call it, statutory surplus, we have in all the legal entities. I mean, that's our -- our objective is to maximize that value and trading off maybe potential transactions or other types of things. So we're focused in on statutory. Your point on DAC, obviously, DAC is a GAAP concept, so that doesn't affect statutory results. And a lot of our DAC assumptions, as I said, are updated quarterly, and we still make money on these blocks of business. I mean, they're still earning fees, so we are still following our historic, I'll call it, U.S. GAAP accounting conventions is how we amortize DAC in.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Well, yes, I mean, I guess just a follow-up on DAC. I appreciate that they're currently there, but if there was a transaction to separate -- I mean, the stock is trading like $14 below book value. So I think it's -- it would be helpful to just kind of understand that if there was a separation, what would happen to that intangible that's in the GAAP book value?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I hate to speculate on types of separations, what would be involved and things like that. But any, I'll call it, separation transferred to a third party of any liabilities, we'd have to account for that in proceeds and have a gain or loss that's reflective of total proceeds. So in a transaction setting, correct.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: One more related follow-up, and this is kind of a simple, maybe it's a dumb question. But, I mean -- so the surrenders have been elevated on balance since the runoff decision being made. Is that positive for freeing up capital? Meaning, the faster the VA block runs off, that would lead us to freeing up capital sooner?
Christopher John Swift: Yes. What we're trying to say is that all surrenders, all reductions of account value, are beneficial over the long-term, and that's our goal. And just to give you the perspective, surrenders in '11 ran about 14%, '10, they were about 11%. So they're going to settle in somewhere between 14% and 16% in my judgment going forward. And the block will run off, and we'll look for opportunistic transactions to help accelerate that runoff if they are in a marketplace that we find accretive to shareholders. That's the real strategy, simply, Randy.
Liam E. McGee: Randy, we are laser-focused on all possible ways to accelerate reducing the liabilities and the risk.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of questions here for you. Just first one, on the commercial Middle Market's retention, I'm curious, why the sudden drop-off this quarter? You've been pushing the rate in that business for a while now. Was something different that happened this quarter? Where you pushing a little bit harder on terms and conditions or something?
Douglas G. Elliot: Brian, this is Doug. I don't think the marketplace was really any different in the second quarter. We are continuing our march to improve our margins. As you know, workers' comp is a priority for us. And so as I reflect on our chief pricing increases and the trade-off on retention, I'm very satisfied with what happened in the second quarter and expect to see more of that moving ahead.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Does it say you expect the retention to stay pretty low for Middle Markets here for a couple more quarters?
Douglas G. Elliot: I at least think third quarter. We're very pleased with the pricing increases, and as you can tell, our margins are improving. So we feel good about that progress. And at the moment, the trade-off between rate and retention, I think, is a good one for us, and we're going to stay right there.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just a quick one over on the personal lines on consumer side. AARP written premium still declining here. Are we getting close to a point where you're comfortable from a profitability standpoint that we're going to start to see that start to pick up here going forward?
Andr A. Napoli: Brian, Andy Napoli here. Yes, good question. I would say, over the past year, we've had a really nice, strong rebound in new business production, in AARP Direct and Agency, you can see that in the numbers. That's probably at a level that relative to total premium, where we're comfortable with a new business production at this point at about 12% to 13%. So then you shift the conversation to retention. We've had 2 points improvement in retention on a year-over-year basis. We've got a little bit more ground to make up there. I see growth to the division being flat in 2013. And as I think about the factors that could influence that, we're experiencing a rate need relative to -- or because of the increase in physical damage severity that I think is pervasive across the industry, and we'll have to sort of dynamically manage how we price that into our business going forward. And that's something we're going to pay very close attention to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: The press release mentioned 7% renewal price increases for Middle Market, and I think it also mentioned overall increases of 10% for the same segment. And I'm -- if I'm thinking about that correctly, I should be able to attribute the GAAP to even stronger new business pricing. Am I thinking about that right?
Liam E. McGee: No. Let me adjust your thinking just a bit. First point I'd make is, although it looks relatively flat quarter-over-quarter, 7% versus 7%, actually, there was an increase in the second quarter. We rounded up the first quarter. It was 6.6%, and the second quarter came in roughly at 7.4%. So there is positive movement in the second quarter that we feel good about, and actually, that positive movement really runs across our lines, including comp, which we spoke to. The new business environment really sits outside of the pricing disclosures that we've shared with you. So I would separate those 2. And we can talk about them separately, but they're really 2 different topics.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So -- sorry, I'm just a little confused in the difference between the 7% and the 10%.
Liam E. McGee: I think the 10% was a Middle Market pricing, and the 7% was the combination of our Small and our Middle together.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, I see. I'm sorry about that. And then also, you mentioned earlier in your comments that mutual fund marketing initiative is going to ramp up in the second half. Would you be able to say what the incremental expense would be there or would this be de minimis?
Christopher John Swift: I generally think it's rounding. I mean, it's people more than anything. So it will be -- the compensation will be tied to sales and things like that, but it's pretty de minimis, Vince.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I guess sort of a follow-up on the prior question. I guess how would you characterize the rate environment? I think you just said that 6.6% in the first quarter, 7.4%. Do you see this stabilizing? Do you see further momentum as you look at kind of the June and July results or any slippage?
Liam E. McGee: We see a relatively stable environment. I would look at the last 60 days and think about May and June and be encouraged by the improving signals. But overall, we see a relatively stable environment that we expect will move into the third quarter.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then when you think about, I guess, Small Commercial in particular, how would you characterize the rate increases relative to your assumptions around lost cost trend?
Liam E. McGee: At or slightly exceeding would be my answer in the Small Commercial space. It's a very strong line for us. You can see our returns, as noted in the supplement. And our mid single-digit pricing increases are essentially right on our trends.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess can you just talk a little bit about -- the overall development was, in ongoing businesses was largely flattish, I mean, some favorable coming out of the cats. But the one notable was I think the $43 million of adverse development in workers' comp. Can you just talk about that and whether there's any changes in how you're looking at, I guess, the reserve levels based on the trend that you saw this quarter?
Liam E. McGee: Sure. Our view of the comp book really hasn't changed in the last 90 days. We did some tuning in the second quarter. I'd characterize out of the $43 million, roughly, $25 million of that was in accident year 2011. We're watching carefully those trends. We had some medical losses that moved to med and indemnity, but nothing that I would say would be significant or out of pattern. As you know, we call our reserves straight up as we see them in the quarter. So we did do some adjusting in the quarter, but I feel like we're all over the issues, we're watching them carefully. As we've mentioned in the past, we feel positive about the improving claim incidence trends inside our book of business. So we're very bullish about an improving go-forward comp book and the fact that we've got our arms around our prior books.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just one question on Group Benefits. I mean, the results were more favorable, I think, than most have expected, including myself, but it sounds like it was largely group Life and AD&D. And I'm trying to understand how much of that is just good luck versus some core margin expansion, particularly on the disability side that we should be thinking about as trendable.
Douglas G. Elliot: This is Doug again. As Chris mentioned, our run rate for the year still looks like it's going to be flat with 2011, which is in that 80, 85 range. As I think about the quarter, clearly, it was $5 million to $6 million of favorable Life and AD&D experience, and there's some good things on the expense side that were kind of one-timers. So when I look at the quarter and think about Chris' comment about overall 2012 performance, I think we're right on pretty solid run rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess one additional question just on the VA runoff book. We're starting, I guess, to see some competitors that are trying to accelerate the runoff, offer lump-sum payments. Can you comment if this is something you're exploring the regulatory and capital considerations for doing so? And then lastly, just any comments on appetite from external participants in the VA market.
Liam E. McGee: I'll take the first one, and I'll leave the second one for Chris. We're well aware of what a couple of players are doing to your point in product. I would say, Chris, we are exploring, under Beth's leadership, every possible area for accelerating the runoff, including that concept. As you know very well, guarantees differ from insurance company to insurance company, and there is no evidence yet that, actually, consumers will make that trade. But notwithstanding all that, we are aggressively looking at that. But that is one of many work streams that we're considering with great urgency and diligence because we're determined to reduce the book as quickly as we can. Chris, any comments you'd make on Chris' second question?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I think your question really was an appetite in VA transactions. I would say, right now, it's very early, Chris. I don't think there is much appetite at all in the marketplace right now, so we would continue to explore, continue to have discussions and thinking. But as far as real appetite, it's just not there yet.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So should we take that sort of a sense the decision was reached in March, sort of the opportunities as you saw them at the time are really pretty consistent today with where you saw things back in March?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I would say so. I mean, I think what we're trying to say, hopefully, as clearly as possible, that the opportunities are probably more short-term based on the fixed block businesses, and that will take longer time on the VA. So I think there is good interest. We've seen transactions, you've seen transactions in fixed annuity space, our fixed annuities' structured settlements, terminal funding. Those are all blocks of business that we're exploring, what is the most economic to do for the long-term.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick one...
Liam E. McGee: Chris, if I might add, I totally concur with what Chris Swift just said. And as the environment evolves, and we expect that it will, we fully understand the potentially positive effect on shareholder value, if there are transactions that make sense to get some of these block-off off of our book. And we have a mindset consistent with that sentiment.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Understood. And then just a quick one for Doug. I guess specifically on the rate you're getting in the Mid Market comp book, the 16% that you guys alluded to. Can you comment about how much of that rate is needed purely just based on the decline in interest rates?
Douglas G. Elliot: So let me take that in 2 pieces. Clearly, we feel like we're out in front of trends and improving our margins across our comp lines, for sure. When we look at the change in the yield, I would say, across our Middle comp lines, the pressure for more rate is roughly in the 4 to 5 range over time that we need to get to make up what I'll call 200 -- 150- to 200-basis-point change over the last 6 quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Crdit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just, first, wanted to follow up on the VA restructuring opportunities a little bit. So if I've heard you correctly, especially with the comments Chris just made, if we used the hypothetical, fast forward it to year-end, assuming your -- the 2 other property sales transactions are consummated, so you have those proceeds or at least the anticipation of those proceeds, there's nothing in the environment today, again, I'm kind of pro forming this, that would suggest there would be a third-party transaction market solution for restructuring the VA book, based on what you're seeing today. Thus, is it fair to conclude, if I'm right on that, that buybacks would be the preferred use of proceeds, assuming nothing changes in the environment today? Is that a fair way to think about it?
Liam E. McGee: Tom, going back to the remarks I made, the formal remarks, we do intend to pay down some debt, as you would understand, to manage our leverage and debt service coverage ratios, to protect our ratings and take shareholder accretive actions. I think either one of those, whether that would be share buybacks or transactions that would economically and appropriately get the -- some part of the annuity book, a block off of our books would both be shareholder-accretive. If there's not -- I can't speculate on what's going to be happening at a particular given time, but it is clear to say that among the most accretive things we could do today at the share price self-evident, where it is would be to buy back shares. But we're going to be -- our measure is what is the most accretive thing for shareholders.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just in terms of -- can you also just discuss a little bit about what is the main impediment or challenge as you think about restructuring opportunities? I'm not even asking for something so specific, but as you think about what potentially can be done here, is there -- is the most likely course here, having a third party involved that assumes the liability? Would it be actually legally separating the liability through some kind of spin-off of the business where there isn't a third party involved per se? And then also if you could just mention whether the whole captive reinsurance encumbers your opportunity set here.
Christopher John Swift: Tom, it's Chris. The challenge, I'll call it succinctly, is, I mean, if you look at the balance sheet, we have about $165 billion of liabilities that are in runoff in the Life group. So one, it's obvious, just the sheer size and scale. There's not going to be, I'll call it, 1 solution, 1 silver bullet. So the way we're thinking about it right now, I mean, this will be a series of moves over a longer period of time to eventually transfer runoffs, isolate, separate these liabilities. So there isn't going to just be 1 thing. I think I've always said, Tom, and particularly, I know you know, I mean, if you really look at the fundamentals of the U.S. and Japan, they're different. The U.S. block from a relative risk perspective or relative size and its components are fixed and variable, actually, it's a balanced portfolio liabilities. Japan, on the other hand, I think from a shareholder value perspective, is the greatest opportunity we have to manage that in the most accretive way long term. So whether that be a short-term transaction or that would be long-term, just managing the cash flows as effectively as possible, those are the things that we're thinking about and modeling and working very diligently on.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Chris, any issues with captive re and whether or not -- I think there's some level of speculation out there that because the way the captive reinsurance is capitalized, the captive reinsure is capitalized, that it would take years and years before you could release capital out of these businesses. Is there any truth to that? Or maybe you can comment on that.
Christopher John Swift: No. I don't think the reinsurance structure has anything to do with capital movements and release. And as you know, we have 2 captives: one that manages our XXX program that will be dealt with in the sales process; and then White River, which is our Vermont-based captive. So is there -- I mean, it is -- just view it as a way to manage RBC and risk-based capital between the 2 organizations. So they go hand-in-hand, but there are no structural limitations, just to be clear, on how and when we would release capital because of that structure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Chris, I wanted to just push you a little bit on -- you said the stat capital is really the most important consideration over the near term, which I agree. Could you amplify your answer to John's question of the stress test of $1.50 [ph] 10-year for 5 years, whether there would be any statutory implications to that?
Christopher John Swift: Bob, I know you know the answer. I mean, low interest rates over a longer period of time won't be good, and I think we've discussed in prior quarters managing cash flow testing, C3 Phase 1 implication. So all that would come into the mix, Bob. And you never want to be, I'll call it, totally predictive and judgmental, but those would be issues everyone in the industry would have to face, including The Hartford, in the amount of additional reserves and capital we would have to put up for interest rates if we're 5 years out.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Just a rough sense of like number of years of $1.50 [ph] 10-year that you can withstand before it becomes a stress.
Christopher John Swift: Well, again, I'm not going to try to predict the precise number, so it's hard. All I could say though from a current point of view, I mean, we do have cash flow testing reserves up for blocks that see compression of spreads out 5, 6 years right now. So we're dealing with it right now. I think you're ultimately asking about the pace of that, and I'm not going to be in a position to predict that right now.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And just -- as I read your comments on sort of pausing on capital until 2013, you want to keep some flexibility to deal with runoff more seriously. Is there a maximum statutory hit that you'd be willing to take on the runoff business? Is there sort of a borderline -- how much flexibility do you have?
Christopher John Swift: I think from a pure financial side, we have a lot of flexibility. I think the calculus that Liam referred to is -- will it create shareholder value, and that's the math and calculus we'll go through, when and if we're presented with transactions.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. So there's no sort of upper bound on how much of a hit you'd be willing to take, even though it would make sense to get rid of it from an economic point of view.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I think what you have to think about, Bob, is on 1 individual transaction, what does it mean for the rest of the block, the rest of the liability? So I mean, it is, I'll call it, a complex equation because, again, it's not just 1 transaction. So if for say you wanted to take a hit, what does that do for the other liabilities? What does that do to your stress scenario? So those are all the things that we would consider.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. And Darlene, I know we're bumping up against somebody else's conference call. So for those of you who are in the queue, thank you very much. I'll be happy to follow up with you after the calls today. We appreciate your interest in The Hartford, and the IR team is here today and available for any follow-up questions you may have after the call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Liam E. McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David N. Levenson - President of Wealth Management Group Douglas G. Elliot - President of Commercial Markets
Analysts: A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Vincent M. DeAugustino - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hartford First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to The Hartford's First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Our speakers today are Liam McGee, The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO; and Chris Swift, our CFO. Other members of our senior management team here today include Doug Elliot, Alan Kreczko, Dave Levenson, Andy Napoli, Bob Rupp and Hugh Whelan. After Liam and Chris' presentation, we will have time for questions.  Please note that as discussed on Page 2 of the presentation, any statements made today concerning The Hartford's future results or actions should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially from these statements. We assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements. You should also consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ, including those discussed in our press release, our first quarter 10-Q, our 2011 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC. These documents are available in the Investor Information section of The Hartford's website.  I also need to mention that our presentation today includes some financial measures that are not derived from generally accepted accounting principles. Definitions and reconciliations to these measures -- of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided in our financial supplement, press release and 10-Q. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Yesterday, we announced strong first quarter results, with core earnings up 11% to $1.25 per diluted share. Our P&C combined ratio was 95.7%, a very good result. Strong pricing momentum continued in the P&C Commercial segment, and we had significantly improved new business growth in Consumer Markets.  We also achieved several significant accomplishments. We concluded the strategic evaluation of the businesses and announced our plan to focus on the Property & Casualty, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds businesses. This is The Hartford's best path forward to deliver greater value for shareholders. So in order to increase transparency on our go-forward businesses, we expanded P&C disclosures this quarter, providing more details on Small Commercial, Middle Market and Consumer Markets. Going forward, our presentations will focus on greater detail on the performance about our go-forward businesses and the progress in reducing the size and amount of risk in the Runoff division. We are moving quickly to execute the plan we outlined in March, including selling businesses, placing the annuity block into Runoff and exploring options for the Runoff division. Let me update you briefly on each of these.  The sales processes for Individual Life, Retirement Plans and Woodbury Financial are going well. The offering memoranda for each are in the marketplace. There is great interest in each property. We expect to have a competitive auction process, and we expect definitive agreements later this year. I am proud of the hard work and dedication of the employees in these businesses. They are focused on delivering successful and valuable businesses to the ultimate buyers. The proceeds from these sales will give us additional financial flexibility that, over time, we expect to use for capital management actions and some debt reduction. We will also consider options for reducing risk in the Runoff businesses or reinvesting in our go-forward businesses.  In addition, last week, we announced an agreement to sell the Individual Annuity new business capabilities. This sale does not change our decision to put the in-force block into Runoff, nor does it have a material financial impact on The Hartford. However, it does provide an opportunity for us to place our innovative products, strong distribution capabilities and talented employees with an organization committed to the annuity space. We are also working hard on initiatives to further reduce the size and risk of the Life runoff segment, which will shrink over time through policyholder lapses. While our ultimate goal is to isolate or separate the annuity block from our go-forward businesses, the management team is currently concentrating on transactional and operational opportunities for individual books of business.  With respect to transactions, we are exploring a wide range of potential opportunities, including sales, reinsurance and other structural concepts. A variety of parties have expressed initial interest in parts of the block. Of course, any transactions will need to balance short-term economics with the long-term objective of reducing liabilities, which would allow us to redeploy some of the capital currently allocated to the Runoff block. It's still early, but we do expect some of these potential opportunities to materialize over time, particularly as the capital markets continue to stabilize.  On the operational side, we are pursuing options such as outsourcing or different fund options that will reduce risk or expenses. And of course, we anticipate achieving expense reductions of $100 million before tax in 2013 by placing Individual Annuity segment into Runoff.  In April, we also refinanced the Allianz debt and repurchased their warrants. The refinancing strengthens our balance sheet by reducing long-term interest costs and improving financial flexibility by extending the debt maturity schedule. The warrant repurchase eliminates a material source of future dilution. Allianz remains a major shareholder of The Hartford, and we appreciate their support.  We are already beginning to execute on our strategy. By focusing on the Property & Casualty, Group Benefits and Mutual Fund businesses, we will, over time, deliver sustained superior returns and greater shareholder value. In order to achieve these objectives, we are focused on 3 key goals: first, improving margins and ROEs in our go-forward businesses; second, strengthening overall capital generation; and third, reducing the volatility of our earnings and capital. So let me go through each of these in a little more detail.  Our go-forward businesses have strong ROEs, although there is room for improvement. Combined, we expect them to achieve a 12% to 13% ROE for 2012, and we are hard at work to improve this in 2013 and beyond. To achieve this, we're concentrating on improving margins in Middle Market and Group Benefits and growing the top line in Small Commercial and Mutual Funds.  In the P&C Commercial segment, our Small Commercial business is a long-standing market leader, with good opportunities for continued profitable growth, particularly as the U.S. economy and small business formation recover. Written premiums were up 8% this quarter with a 91.8% combined ratio. We continue to be a preferred company for small business customers, driven by our long-term record of innovation, ranging from product to technology to service capabilities.  In Middle Market, Doug Elliot and his team are improving product diversification and pricing, particularly in workers' compensation. I'm especially pleased with the pricing and margin improvements we've achieved over the past 6 months, although that has meant giving up some top line growth. Middle Market's combined ratio, x cats, in prior year was 99.2%, down from last year but still above what we need to achieve acceptable returns. In the first quarter, retention remained strong despite price increases of approximately 10% for the total Middle Market book.  In Group Benefits, we achieved good rate increases on the first quarter renewals, but earnings are well below the segment's potential. The incidence in termination trends we are seeing are consistent with our competitors and largely due to the high unemployment rate, but we need to do better. With the new Group Benefits management in place, we have initiatives underway in sales, pricing, underwriting and claims. It will take time before the financial benefit of this work falls to the bottom line, particularly on pricing, given the 3-year contract terms in this business. Nevertheless, we like the mortality and morbidity underwriting margins of this business, as well as its long-term growth and return prospects. We have a strong franchise with a top-tier market position and excellent sales and distribution capabilities. With the success of our initiatives and some lift from an improving economy and unemployment trends, we believe that Group Benefits will once again achieve sustained superior returns. The principal goal for Consumer Markets has been to improve margins, and Andy Napoli and his team have made great progress. The current year combined ratio, x cats, is improving year-over-year for 4 of the last 5 quarters, and we are increasing rates in homeowners to reflect high-cat and non-cat weather experience. With better margins, Consumer Markets is now striving for top line growth through both increasing retention and new business growth. We're doing well in both of these metrics. Retention has improved as a result of customer outreach and pricing initiatives, while new business levels have improved strongly. New business growth was favorable for the third quarter in a row and has now returned to acceptable levels. This success was due to improved response and conversion rates, as well as to our award-winning customer service. This week, J.D. Power and Associates announced that The Hartford was ranked highest in customer satisfaction with the auto insurance shopping experience, an important accomplishment for our Consumer Markets team and for our customers.  In Mutual Funds, we are confident that going forward, we are well positioned to generate good growth in this high-return business. We are moving quickly to leverage our expanded relationship with Wellington. We want to transition all of the fixed income investment management to Wellington by the end of June, and we expect that the second half of the year will produce significant improvement in net flows.  Improving margins and ROEs also requires us to remain focused on continued expense efficiency across the entire organization. After reducing expenses by $150 million in 2011, we took out another $30 million in the first quarter. We are continuing to execute on the efficiency objectives we established last year. In addition, we recently established a dedicated business transformation process to ensure that we remove all costs associated with the 3 businesses being sold and that corporate overhead and other shared service expenses are rightsized for the go-forward Hartford businesses.  Our second goal for creating sustained superior performance is improving capital generation. Our go-forward businesses have historically been strong capital generators, but the Runoff businesses and Individual Life and Retirement Plans have not. As a result, our Life statutory capital generation has been constrained over the past several years. Statutory capital requirements in the Life company should decline over time, with the sale of the 3 Life businesses and the reduction of the Runoff book through lapses or management actions. The statutory earnings power of the P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds businesses will grow in the future. Combined, we expect our total capital generation going forward to be stronger than what it has been in the last few years.  Finally, a third goal is to significantly reduce the sensitivity of our capital and earnings to financial markets risks. Our go-forward businesses are less sensitive to changes in the capital markets. Of course, we're focused on reducing the size of the variable annuity block, which is the primary source of our current market volatility. Some of this will occur naturally over time through policyholder lapses and withdrawals. But in addition, we will be prepared to take advantage of potential opportunities to isolate or separate the Runoff block that are both feasible from a regulatory perspective and create shareholder value. Through these efforts, we will ultimately free up capital from our divestitures and Runoff businesses, and we will be able to redeploy in our go-forward businesses and return to shareholders. And over time, The Hartford's financial profile will evolve into more of a property and casualty company, with strong returns and capital generation and limited sensitivity to capital market volatility. This was a strong quarter for The Hartford. We had good financial results, favorable momentum in many of our go-forward businesses and have successful debt refinancing and warrant repurchase. The sales processes are going well, and with our sharper strategic focus, I am confident that we are on the right path to generate sustained superior returns and create greater shareholder value going forward. I and the rest of the team are very optimistic and excited about our future.  I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 5. First quarter core earnings were $612 million or $1.25 per diluted share, representing an 11% improvement over prior year. Excluding the $192 million DAC unlock, core earnings were $420 million or $0.86 per diluted share, so it's a 7% increase compared to prior year. These results were largely in line with the estimate we provided on March 21, except for catastrophes. Cats were running about $20 million favorable to budget through mid-March. But with the late March storm activity, total cats ended the quarter at $46 million after tax, in line with our budget. Prior-year development was slightly favorable at $19 million after tax, with releases in personal lines offset by some modest development in P&C Commercial.  The investment portfolio yield was stable this quarter at 4.2%, excluding partnerships. We are modestly increasing allocations to higher-yield assets and purchasing longer-duration bonds. Returns on alternatives and limited partnerships were 8%, and we continue to expect an annualized return of 9% for 2012. Impairments and changes to the mortgage loan loss reserve remained low at $28 million pretax in the quarter.  Slide 6 shows book value per diluted common share on a restated basis for the new DAC accounting standard. At the end of the first quarter, book value per diluted share was $43.25, an increase of 12% over last year. Excluding AOCI, book value per diluted share rose by 1% to $40.55.  Let's turn to our business results by segment. Slide 7 shows the summary results for P&C Commercial. Core earnings were $162 million, a decline of 8% from prior year. Results included $13 million, after tax, of prior-year net reserve strengthening across multiple lines. Importantly, there were no meaningful reserve adjustments related to our workers' compensation loss experience. The combined ratio, x cat, x prior year, was 96.4%. We expect this to improve as written price increases earn in over the remainder of 2012.  We continue to see strong price momentum in P&C Commercial. In the first quarter, we achieved renewal price increases of 7%, the highest level since the fourth quarter of 2003. We're especially pleased with renewal price trends in Middle Market workers' compensation, where first quarter price increases were up 14%. Policy count retention remained strong at 83% for standard commercial. This metric is clearly influenced by the large number of Small Commercial policies. If you look at retention on a premium weighted basis, over the past year, Small Commercial retention has been flat, while Middle Market retention has declined. This retention decline has been more than offset by improved pricing. We are very pleased with this trade-off as this will lead to continued margin expansion and ROE improvement.  Shifting to Group Benefits, core earnings of $5 million remain well below our expectations. The loss ratio of 83% reflected elevated disability incidence and the lack of improvement in termination trends. We're addressing these disappointing results in 2 ways. First, we continue to take rate actions on accounts that are not meeting profitability targets. As Liam mentioned, it will take some time to get the profitability of the book to targeted levels, given the multiyear nature of the rate guarantees. Given our rate actions and the very competitive marketplace, persistency declined in the first quarter -- on first quarter renewals to 66% from 72% in the prior year. Ongoing sales are down 7%, primarily driven by a 21% decline in group disability sales. Group life sales increased 5% from the prior year.  Second, we are reviewing all operational processes to identify ways to improve profitability. We recently appointed a new leader for this segment, Mike Concannon. Mike's property and casualty background brings a fresh perspective for potential improvement opportunities in many operational areas, like underwriting, pricing and claims management. Turning to Slide 9, Consumer Markets reported first quarter core earnings of $102 million, down $9 million from prior year. Andy Napoli and his team are successfully executing on the strategy for this business. The combined ratio and retention improved, and new business production was strong. First quarter combined ratio, excluding cats and prior-year development, was 88.8%, a slight improvement from last year's 89.0%. We continue to manage our rate increases appropriately, with a 6% renewal written price increase in homeowners and 4% in auto. Like the rest of the personal lines industry, our homeowners book requires additional rate and underwriting actions to respond to recent weather trends. Overall retention was up 2 points to 84% in auto and 85% in homeowners. While we are pleased with the improvement, we still need another point or 2 in order to reach our targeted levels. New business written premium was up 30% in auto and 32% in home. After declining in the first half of 2011, new business premiums are now back to historic levels. Most of the new business growth is coming from our more profitable channels. For example, written premiums in AARP Agency almost doubled to $27 million from the prior year. We provided additional granularity in our financial supplement on written and earned and premiums by channel, so you can track our progress.  We're encouraged by these positive results. With improving margins, Consumer Markets is now poised to profitably grow while also improving their ROEs.  Wealth Management results are summarized in Slide 10. First quarter core earnings, x DAC unlock, were $154 million, 15% lower than prior year. This decrease was largely due to a 7% decline in assets under management primarily from net outflows in Individual Annuities. Individual Annuity core earnings, x DAC unlock, were $96 million, down 11% from prior year. This segment will be reported in the Runoff division next quarter.  The first quarter annualized lapse rate for the U.S. in-force VA block was about 14%, in line with our expectations. Since our announcement to exit the Individual Annuity businesses, lapses have increased approximately 20% in the U.S. and 4% in Japan. It's too soon to judge whether lapses will remain at these levels, but if they do, it will accelerate the runoff of the VA book.  Core earnings in Individual Life, x DAC unlock, were $34 million, a decline of $4 million from prior year due to lower alternative investment returns, as well as slightly higher expenses. Individual Life sales were up 13% over prior year and increased across all key distribution channels.  In the individual Retirement Plans, core earnings were $4 million, down $5 million from the prior year. Spread compression on the general account products continues to weigh on results. Assets under management had a record $57.2 billion, aided by rising equity markets and positive net flows.  As a result of our planned sales, we have evaluated the goodwill balances for Individual Life and Retirement Plans in the first quarter. No impairment is necessary at this time. However, we will continue to monitor its recoverability.  Moving to Mutual Funds, core earnings were $20 million, down $7 million from prior year due to lower assets under management. First quarter fund performance improved, particularly in our largest fund, Capital Appreciation Fund. Overall, more than 80% of the funds outperformed their benchmarks. This strong quarterly performance contributed to an increase in non-proprietary fund deposits of 18% on a sequential basis.  The results of our Runoff division are on Slide 11. Core earnings, x DAC unlock, were $105 million, basically in line with prior year. As Liam discussed, we have a number of initiatives underway to shrink the size and risk of this book. This will allow us to redeploy the capital allocated to this business over time. As you know, rising equity markets, higher interest rates and a weakening yen are all positives for our in-force VA book. The economic value of the VA book is greatly improved as a result of these market conditions. During the quarter, the net amount at risk related to our VA book declined substantially. For example, the NAR related to the U.S. and Japan GMDB business improved $5.3 billion during the quarter. This improvement isn't always evident in our GAAP and statutory accounting results, given the mismatch between the carrying value of the hedge assets and the VA reserves.  As you can see on Slide 12, that on a GAAP basis, the net change in VA reserves and hedge assets generated a loss of approximately $1.1 billion, which reflects the asymmetrical accounting for our U.S. GMDB and Japan guarantees. On a statutory basis, the decline in the value of the hedge assets exceeded the change in the value of the U.S. VACARVM reserves by $183 million. It's important to note that our hedge program continues to work as designed. Its primary focus is economic risk, not GAAP accounting results. As the markets change, we will adjust our targets in order to maintain appropriate hedging levels.  On Slide 13 is our statutory surplus roll-forward. U.S. statutory surplus increased approximately $600 million in the first quarter before dividends. Consistent with our practice, a $200 million dividend was declared from the P&C to the holding company in order to cover interest, dividends and other expenses. The P&C operations generated more than $300 million of statutory operating income and almost $200 million of other positive surplus impacts, including investment-related gains. Life statutory operating income, excluding VA, turned positive this quarter and was approximately $100 million. This was largely offset by the VA hedge-related impacts I mentioned earlier. In total, the Life operations ended the quarter with a modest increase in statutory surplus.  As you can see on Slide 14, we ended the quarter with $17.9 billion of capital resources. Holding company resources declined almost $100 million in the quarter, reflecting dividends, interests and share repurchase activity. We expect holding company resources to decline modestly in the second quarter due to this element of the warrant repurchase. Turning to Slide 15, we were very pleased to complete the Allianz transactions, which were a major step in restructuring the balance sheet and enhancing our financial flexibility. On April 17, we repaid $1.75 billion par value of Allianz junior subordinated debt with the proceeds from the issuance of $1.55 billion of senior notes and $600 million of new junior subordinated debt. This new debt has a blended interest rate of approximately 6% versus the 10% coupon on the Allianz debt. This reduces annual interest paid by $45 million on a pretax basis. As a result, our statutory dividend coverage ratio is improved by almost 0.5 point to 4x.  In the second quarter, we will take an after-tax charge to net income of approximately $600 million to reflect the premium paid to retire the debt and to write off the related unamortized discount and debt costs. We also purchased all the outstanding Allianz warrants for $300 million. This transaction reduced first quarter book value by $0.61 per diluted share.  In addition, early in the first quarter, we purchased 2.6 million shares of common stock. To date, we have completed $394 million of the $500 million equity repurchase authorization. We intend to complete the remaining $106 million on a timely basis, taking into consideration market conditions and trading restrictions. Turning to Slide 16, I wanted to conclude with our outlook for the second quarter. We expect second quarter run rate core earnings to be in a similar range to the first quarter, absent higher loss cost seasonality. In the second quarter, we expect higher cats with a budget of $84 million after tax, which is $0.08 per diluted share, higher than the first quarter, which brings our total estimate to $0.70 to $0.75 per diluted share. This estimate does not include DAC unlocks, prior-year reserve development, restructuring charges related to the Wealth Management division. These restructuring charges, which include retention awards and other expenses, may be up to $20 million or about $0.04 per share.  Our businesses this quarter performed largely in line with our expectations, with the exception of Group Benefits. We currently expect full year earnings for Group Benefits to be essentially flat with 2011. We expect pricing momentum in the P&C businesses will expand margins in the second half of 2012. Our earnings outlook for Individual Life and Retirement Plans businesses hasn't changed, although we expect sales to be down as a result of our recent announcements.  Looking forward, the ongoing businesses are executing under 2012 initiatives to grow and increase margins. We look forward to sharing progress with you, and we will provide more information about the P&C, Group Benefits and Mutual Fund operations in the quarters to come. In addition, we'll keep you updated on the other operational and strategic actions we may take within our Runoff division. The strength and momentum in our ongoing businesses, combined with the actions we are taking to be a more focused company, will improve the earnings and the ROE profile of The Hartford over time.  At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Sabra to begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. We'll now open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions]  In addition, I just wanted to make one slight clarification of Chris' comments referring to the Individual Annuity business. Since our announcement to exit the Individual Annuity business, lapses have increased to approximately 20% in the U.S. and 4% in Japan on an annualized basis. Nicole, can you please give the instructions for asking a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Liam, in your opening remarks, you talked constructively about some alternatives on the VA side, whether it's reinsurance or what have you. Can you expand on those comments? And I guess what I'm interested in is, how would you weigh the probability of success and how meaningful could one of these structures be in terms of capital release?
Liam E. McGee: Well, Mark, it's early, and what I expressed was we have received interest from a variety of parties on different parts of the book and different parts of the block. Our team is working hard evaluating those options, and we do think some of them will materialize over time. But I think it's also important, as I said in my comments as well, Mark, that we'll balance the short-term economics with the ultimate goal of getting them off our books. So it's early in the process. I think we're constructively optimistic with the level of interest that's being presented, the kind of thinking that our teammates are doing on it, with the assistance of advisors in some cases, that some of these transactions will materialize over time.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess my follow-up will just be on the Annuity business as well. I guess we've seen markets go higher, a little bit of interest rate volatility, but I guess what is the opportunity to kind of restrike some of the options and reduce that cost at this stage? Is that a -- do we need markets to go higher from here, or is there opportunity to kind of reduce that long-term cost at this stage?
Liam E. McGee: That's a great question. And I'll make a comment, and I know Chris would like to add something as well. As Chris said in his remarks, we are looking at the hedges. We refer to them as a dynamic hedging program, particularly in Japan. So with the markets having appreciated as they have, particularly equity markets, and although it's backed up a little bit, the yen weakening, offset by lower interest rates, I would tell you we evaluate our hedging levels on a daily basis, led by our HIMCO teammates and our Chief Risk Officer, Bob Rupp, now in conjunction with our Runoff group. So we look at it every single day. And there may be opportunities because of strengthening market levels to reduce it. And Chris, other things you might say?
Christopher John Swift: I think it's exactly right. Mark, we're very sensitive on the economic cost side. So particularly, as markets reach 1,400, 1,450 on the S&P and beyond, there are definitely opportunities to be much more cost-effective. So I think you should take away that we're working hard to appropriately balance risk and economics, like we have always said.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have a question on the VA business as well. In the U.S., in particular, but in Japan as well, your net amount at risk and the in-the-moneyness, if I focus on the living benefit guarantees, came down very nicely quarter-over-quarter. My question is for the U.S., can you give us a guesstimate on about how much higher do you think markets need to move for that level of in-the-moneyness to essentially be wiped out or moved to 0?
Christopher John Swift: John, thanks for the question. In the U.S., if you look at sort of the cohorts of when we put a lot of business on the books '05, '06, '07, '08, we were approaching that level just by the nature of the disclosure that we made. So to me, when you get into the 1,400, 1,500 levels, 1,500, I think you'd be virtually at breakeven from the moneyness perspective.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the Japan side, I assume -- is that going to be -- should we be looking more at that being influenced more by the yen than necessarily market levels?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I've always said about 50% of sort of just the risk comes from yen-dollar, yen-euro.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then just a separate question is -- I'm interested in the move up that you mentioned in the annualized surrender rate on the U.S. VA book. Obviously, one month doesn't necessarily make a trend. But I was wondering if you have any granularity on the composition of that higher surrender rate. Specifically, what proportion of those lapses reflected contracts where the living benefit guarantee was in the money? Has that changed? I think historically, you've mentioned around 40% of lapses were in the money.
David N. Levenson: So John, it's Dave Levenson. So for April, as you know, we've been -- we were running at 20% annualized lapse rate. As we look at the weekly numbers, that has been pretty consistent. So we've seen it maybe moderate slightly. I think over time, we'll have a much better read on that. As far as lapses in the money versus out of the money, your 40% to 50% number is right on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First question, just around the group guidance had been for a benefits ratio of around 77%, 80%. Of course, you came in at about 83%, and I know the pricing takes time. So what should we be thinking about in terms of the guidance going forward? And then the second question would be around the -- with all the restructuring and changes going on, some people have suggested that maybe it might not be a bad idea to IPO part of the P&C business, maybe a minority interest, 15%, 20%. Is that something you've thought about? Would that make some sense?
Douglas G. Elliot: Andrew, let me -- this is Doug. Let me take the second part of the question on the Group Benefit. Number one, there are macroeconomic headwinds across that business. But we are encouraged, and I think there are some reasons for optimism across our Group Benefit business as we work our way through Q1 into Q2. Clearly, our incidence level look like they're flattening. We look like we, on the long-term side, have some flattening signals over the past 5 quarters. In the short-term area, it looks like we've got some improvement on our incident trends, so that's a positive. Clearly, as we've talked in the past, our terminations are down and running lower than our historical run rate. We are working all the levers available to us. We have additional disclosure for the quarter in there. We achieved 4 points of rate increase, which is why we were slightly down in retention, but I think that's a good trade. And our overall price improvement in the book for the first quarter was about 10%. So I feel like we're making significant strides toward improving our margin, and overall, I'm also encouraged by what I would say is an improving pricing climate in disability.
Christopher John Swift: Hey, Andrew, it's Chris. I think you...
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: One quick second, Doug, though. So therefore, you think you could achieve guidance for the year or the original guidance?
Douglas G. Elliot: I think Chris gave you the adjusted guidance.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm sorry, I missed that.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, Andrew, what I was trying to be clear in my prepared remarks is that we really see group now just basically flat to prior year. When we were with you in December, we saw group hopefully improving earnings 15%, 16%, 17%, high teens. I would consider that business now just sort of flat with prior year.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it.
Liam E. McGee: Andrew, this is Liam. And as far as your question about possible other structures for the company, I'll just remind you what I've said consistently that management and the board, since the middle of last year, looked comprehensively at virtually every alternative. We've chosen a path, and that's the path we're going to execute against.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Crdit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Liam, you had talked about the sales process going well. Can you just give a little bit of color on that? Because in my mind, the greatest risk here is while there may be buyers lined up, if the bid is 50% of book value or some very low amount, then it may be a decision of deciding not to sell some of the properties that you've put up for sale. But your comments certainly seem to indicate that you're comfortable with the way things are progressing. So maybe you can talk a little bit about just the process and whether you've gotten any price indications yet and whether you're comfortable with those.
Liam E. McGee: Well, Tom, we are confident that we will sell the businesses at an appropriate value. You can appreciate where we are in the process with just the process itself that -- I'm not going to get into too much detail. But I think based on the volume of parties that are interested in each of the 3 properties, both objective and subjective feedback that we're getting from the market, we feel pretty confident we're going to sell these businesses and have definitive agreements certainly in the latter part of this year.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one follow-up. I guess it would be for Chris. When you guys talk about potentially freeing up capital from the closed block, should we think about it being a normal process, where you first need to sell these businesses and then the proceeds would give you more flexibility to consider solutions? So in other words, should we think about the freeing up of capital being a 2013 or 2014 event? Can you help a little bit about tying those 2 things together?
Liam E. McGee: Well, Tom, let me just make a high level comment first, and I know Chris is anxious to give his own perspective as well. When you look at the actions that we're taking, first of all, we will not be selling new life products, which, in general, have been capital-consumptive; secondly, selling the businesses, which will create proceeds and subsequently, some capital release as well from those businesses. The natural lapsing -- and if the elevated lapse rates continues, so the better. And then any actions that were effective in our runoff business -- this is a company that, over the next couple of years, should liberate capital. We're more confident in the strength of our balance sheet, and to be more specific than that, now would be premature obviously. There's timing, market levels, et cetera, but I think we position the company as we execute effectively, and we're focused on -- laser-focused on execution, on the things that we've described. And over time, we will liberate capital, and we'll have a variety of choices as what to do with it. And of course, our primary guiding principle will be to the benefit of the shareholder. Chris?
Christopher John Swift: I think that you're right on. There's nothing other to add, Tom, other than, again, if you look at sort of the sequence of events and timing in different constituencies that we want to bring along with our plans, whether it be regulators, agencies, and how we would use, I'll call it, the incremental value that we monetize and the capital that's backing those blocks, we know how to work with those constituencies to bring them along, to make sure everyone understands what they're trying to accomplish and what we're going to do with that deployable capital at the time. But as Liam said, we'd rather not just speculate right now on size, timing and amounts just given that there's a lot of variables outside of our control right now. But I think my view is we're going to have a good competitive option on these properties.
Liam E. McGee: Certainly, Tom, we have certainty and clarity about our direction. And along with creating superior financial performance, a big part of generating superior shareholder performance will be over the next periods of time, and we have very specific actions. We've articulated them, I think, very clearly. We need to execute on them. We understand very clearly that, over time, those activities will result in capital that we'll be able to deploy in, as Chris says, appropriately, in consultation with our normal constituents, which I think we've demonstrated our ability to effectively do in the steps we've taken in the past couple of years. I think this is a company that will definitely do that, and I think we've made the decisions to position us to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hall with Wells Fargo Securities.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 questions around capital. And not to be repetitive here, on the VA book of business, I think initially, when you talked about it potentially being put into Runoff, you didn't see capital being freed up. Lapse rates are substantially higher now. Does that change the view there about the speed of capital return from that book?
Liam E. McGee: Chris will give you an answer on that, John.
Christopher John Swift: John, directionally, yes. I think we view net lapses as positive from a capital side. As long as they're balanced and steady, net-net, it's positive because we just have to hold less capital against the liabilities, particularly in stress scenarios.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then my second question has to do with the Mutual Fund operation and I guess where it's held within the enterprise. Being owned by a life insurance company, I guess, constrains your ability to use the cash that it generates. In everything that you're doing about moving things around and the like, are you considering trying to transfer the ownership out from the life company to a holding company that wouldn't be insurance regulatory-constrained?
Christopher John Swift: John, I think that one of our work streams that we have is just the, we called it, legal entity simplification process, and that's part of it. But I wouldn't view it necessarily as a constraint. It's more potentially simplifying sort of a holding company structure. But just because Mutual Funds is owned by a life group right now, I wouldn't have you necessarily think of any extraordinary restraints or conditions on that entity, its use of proceeds and cash flows that we would generate from it. But we are looking at just the overall simplification of the legal entity structure.
Liam E. McGee: Yes, I agree with, John, with everything Chris said, particularly as it relates to Mutual Fund business. But I'd reiterate we will simplify the legal structure of the company, and that body of work is underway. If it has such a benefit, so be it. But we're really trying to simplify the company and its legal structure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. On commercial auto, it looked like there was some adverse development that ran a little bit higher than recent quarter's trends. I was just curious of your thoughts on, I guess, what you're seeing is driving that and then specifically, if there's any particular accident years that, that's flowing from?
Douglas G. Elliot: Vincent, this is Doug. I would characterize the $12 million as rather insignificant against the entire period. A little bit of pressure with the last couple accident years, '09, '10, '11, primarily '11, and primarily in Small Commercial. So there's nothing there that I think is systemic. I think we're all over the issues.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a real quick follow-up. Since reporting your strategic restructuring plans, were there any segments that are maybe facing incremental headwinds as a result of the changes you're putting in place? Or is everything outside of the units potentially up for sale going as planned and no kind of cross headwinds there?
Liam E. McGee: No, not at all. I think as our results indicated, Vincent, our Property & Casualty businesses are really performing very well, top line growth in Small Commercial and in Consumer and after margin improvement in Consumer. I think Doug and his team,, as you saw in the pricing actions, are making the right trade-off between getting price and the persistency rate there. Obviously, like everyone else in the industry, there are some challenges in Group Benefits, but that has nothing to do with our announcements. And finally, I think Mutual Funds, we could not be more excited about the prospects of that. And the feedback we get from the distributors is they're pretty excited about it, too. The unique combination of The Hartford and the Wellington's sub-advisory, cross-equity and fixed income is really, really creating, I think, a very positive reception. So I'd say if anything, other than just the systemic and macroeconomic issues around Group Benefits, the go-forward businesses are firing at all cylinders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: A kind of a mundane question but a necessary one, I guess. With all of the unusual levels of corporate activity, it seemed like corporate expenses were a little higher this quarter. Can you give us a sense of kind of where those expenses might go directionally from here?
Liam E. McGee: Down.
Christopher John Swift: Jeff, it's Chris. I would tend to think in terms of the corporate level of expenses, this quarter is maybe $15 million to $20 million higher than sort of the normalized run rate. We had some just accrual adjustments coming out of year end and a little bit of restructuring charges. I think going forward, we plan to break that out as clear as possible as far as restructuring expenses, whether it be severance benefits, whether it be stay bonuses, things along those lines. But I think from a model perspective, you ought to think this quarter is $15 million to $20 million higher than a normal run rate.
Liam E. McGee: Yes, and Jeff, my one-word answer was meant to convey this management team's determination to run this company in, I think, a financial services environment that requires it as efficiently as possible. As I said in my remarks, and I want our investors to understand it, about The Hartford management team, there was $150 million of efficiencies realized last year, $30 million in the first quarter. We're going to stay focused on the efficiency and process improvement actions through the balance of 2012. Obviously, we will get the expenses as we sell the businesses. All expenses, whether they're solid or dotted line, are going to come out. And then we think we have a very unique opportunity, truly a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, for the go-forward business to really reinvent how we do things at The Hartford and better and more efficient. So you'll hear more consistently more from us on our process improvement and efficiency. And I think we've demonstrated our ability to do that on the old construct of The Hartford. We'll continue that and even with greater urgency because we do believe we have a unique opportunity here.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us this morning. We know it's a busy morning with a lot of conference calls being held. So as always, we appreciate your interest and support of The Hartford. And for any follow-up questions, we're available today and tomorrow to take them. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Liam E. McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David N. Levenson - President of Wealth Management Group Douglas G. Elliot - President of Commercial Markets Andy Napoli - Executive Vice President and President of Consumer Markets
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney
Operator: Good morning. My name is Keesha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hartford Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Miss Purtill, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome, everyone, to the Hartford's Fourth Quarter 2011 Financial Earnings Conference Call. The press release, financial supplement and slide presentation for today's call are posted in the investor information section of our website. Liam McGee, The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO has some opening comments, after which, Chris Swift, our CFO, will provide a financial overview. We will then open the call for questions. Other members of our senior management team are also present for our call, including Doug Elliot, Alan Kreczko, Dave Levenson, Andy Napoli, Bob Rupp and Hugh Whelan. Please note that as discussed on Page 2 of the presentation, any statements made today concerning The Hartford's future results or actions should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially. We assume no obligation to update these statements.  You should also consider the important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, which are listed in our press release, our third quarter 10-Q, 2010 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC.  In our presentation, we use some financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Definitions and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures are provided in our financial filings. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Last evening, we announced fourth quarter results that were in line with what we discussed in December, with book value per diluted share up 17% over the last year. Results were improved from the third quarter, but 2011 was a challenging year with the weak macroeconomic environment and unusually bad weather. We're encouraged by some of the recent economic developments. Domestic business activity, employment data and consumption trends all suggest a return to moderate GDP growth. And the European Central Bank's additional support measures have had a positive impact in the marketplace. But we remain cautious about the operating environment for 2012. Many of the factors -- low interest rates and market volatility -- are likely to continue to have some impact in 2012. So given this environment, as we said in December, we are aggressively managing the levers within our control to increase profitability and generate shareholder value. Across the organization, as you'll hear, we are prioritizing profit over sales volume, driving greater expense efficiencies and growing where we are generating appropriate return. In Commercial Markets, we achieved accelerated rate increase across most P&C Commercial lines. As we expected, pricing crossed the inflection point and exceeded loss costs for most of our lines in the fourth quarter. As these written pricing changes earn in over 2012, we expect to see margin expansion throughout the P&C Commercial portfolio, particularly in our Middle Market book. Doug and his team have accomplished a great deal since his arrival. They're making material improvements across their business like building our property capabilities to move us to a more diversified P&C Commercial book. We now have dedicated property specialists in each of our Middle Market regions. And in addition, we've hired several senior underwriters to strengthen our core property team and have significantly enhanced our property risk tools. This focused effort has already turned several strong prospects into Hartford customers.  We've also realigned the sales force against customer segments for both Commercial and Consumer Markets. This will increase our responsiveness to customers, brokers and agents, while heightening accountability for results. In Consumer Markets, Andy and his team have focused the book on a more targeted, preferred customer segment. This strategy is paying off with notable margin improvement in the fourth quarter. The AARP relationship continues to be a competitive advantage for us. Along with strong new business growth in the AARP Direct business, we are seeing good momentum with the AARP products sold through the agency channel. About 80% of new business is hitting our targeted, mature preferred demographic. For Wealth Management, as you know, we separated several of the division's businesses into a Runoff segment in December. The financials are broken out for the first time this quarter, so you can better evaluate progress on our ongoing businesses as well as those in Runoff. Earlier this week, we appointed a new, separate, dedicated leadership team for the group, with Dave Bedard, the former CFO for Wealth Management, heading the team. Dave is a 26-year finance veteran with expert knowledge of these and other complex financial products. Dave will be joined by Aidan Kidney, who was the CEO and President of our Japan business; and Peter Sannizzaro, who was most recently CFO of the Global Annuity business. I'm pleased that Dave, Aidan and Peter are taking on these important new roles. This team is charged with more efficiently managing these blocks of business, reducing their size, risk, volatility and capital consumption, and we will run this business as its own segment with segregated financials. In the ongoing Wealth Management businesses, Dave Levenson and his team are focused on increasing returns and managing risk in this low-rate environment. As an example, we've raised rates on Life Insurance several times in the last 18 months. We also believe that our targeted product and distribution initiatives are ensuring that we successfully compete in the marketplace and achieve adequate returns. For example, we recently announced an agreement where Wellington Management will serve as the sole subadvisor, pending the mutual fund board approval for The Hartford's fixed income and equity mutual funds. Our largest distribution partners are excited about this relationship as it positions The Hartford as a more significant player in the fixed income space and the mutual fund industry overall. In Life Insurance, we have significantly expanded our distribution efforts, opening up new sales channels. We're maintaining our leadership in wirehouses and banks, but the independent channel now makes up about 48% of our total sales. As you know, we are also focused on driving greater efficiency at The Hartford and are making good progress toward our aggregate $450 million target by streamlining operations, rationalizing management layers and leveraging technology. This is a 3-year effort. We reduced run rate expenses by $150 million in 2011, and we'll continue to deliver on this objective in '12 and '13. Fourth quarter results also demonstrated the effectiveness of our risk management capabilities. We discussed our Japan hedging program in detail back in October and the year-end surplus performed in line with what we told you in December. As a result of continued confidence in our capital position, in December, we began repurchasing shares. We have bought back just under $100 million of shares to date and expect to be active in the market again shortly. We intend to complete the full $500 million share buyback by early second quarter 2012. With the company stabilized and strengthened, our entire team is working to increase shareholder value. We do not believe the current stock price reflects the true value of the company. And so as I said in December at our investor presentation, we are evaluating our strategy and our business portfolio for opportunities to deliver greater value for shareholders. We will be objective and pragmatic about the best ways to achieve this goal. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 5. As Liam mentioned, fourth quarter results were in line with the outlook we provided in December. We saw areas of good performance throughout the ongoing businesses that provide positive momentum for 2012. Fourth quarter core earnings were $339 million, including a $47 million DAC unlock benefit. On Slide 5, you'll see several items that adversely impacted core earnings this quarter. These items totaled $69 million, including several items that I estimated at our Investor Day. The principal difference was that the original estimate was for catastrophe losses, which totaled $14 million pretax. During the quarter, we had $39 million of new cat losses that were offset by $25 million of favorable development on second and third quarter cats. This compares to our fourth quarter estimate of about $50 million. In addition, we had favorable DAC unlock of $47 million. At Investor Day, we estimated fourth quarter core earnings would be between $0.80 and $0.85 per diluted share. Adjusted for the items that we just discussed, actual results were $0.83. Returns on alternative investments, which are volatile, were essentially 0 in the quarter versus $67 million pretax in the third quarter. Fund valuations were negatively impacted by third quarter equity market performance. Given the typical one quarter lag, we'd expect alternative returns to rebound in the first quarter of 2012. On Slide 6, we have broken out fourth quarter core earnings into our ongoing and Runoff divisions. These numbers exclude the Corporate division, which reflects holding company interest income and expenses. Going forward, we'll provide you with this breakout on a quarterly basis to clearly show the earnings performance of our ongoing businesses. On Slide 7, book value per diluted share rose to $47.25, an increase of 17% over the last 12 months. Excluding AOCI, book value per diluted share rose by 6% to $44.86. These amounts do not reflect the implementation of the new DAC accounting standard, which is effective January 1 of this year. After adoption, all-in book value will decline about $1.5 billion or $3.09 per share. We will publish restated 2011 segment results that reflect the impact of the new accounting standard in March. As Liam mentioned, we began our share repurchase program in December. Through early 2012, we have completed $94 million of the $500 million authorization. We will be active in the market very soon and intend to complete the authorization by early second quarter of 2012. Let's turn to our business results by segment. Slide 8 shows the summary results for Commercial Markets. Core earnings were $40 million compared with $231 million in the prior year. This quarter results reflect adverse reserve development in P&C Commercial as well as challenges in Group Benefits. P&C Commercial reported core earnings of $25 million, reflecting the $109 million pretax of net prior year development and $87 million pretax of current year development. These increases, which we discussed in early December, reflect higher claim frequency on the 2010 accident year in our Worker's Compensation book and the roll-forward impact on the 2011 accident year. The increase in frequency is an industry-wide trend. The current accident year reserve strengthening was 5.6 points on the fourth quarter combined ratio of 101.5 x cats and x prior year. Early indications of claim activity since this adjustment show our estimates for 2010 and 2011 are holding, but it's still early for these accident years. As Liam mentioned, we saw accelerating rate increases across all lines in the fourth quarter. Overall, renewal pricing increased 5% with stronger results in our Middle Market business, where we achieved a 10% increase on workers' comp renewals. This grew from 7.5% in October to over 11% in December. We did see a decline in retention, but we are willing to shed some renewal business to improve margins. Shifting to Group Benefits. Core earnings of $15 million were below our expectations. The loss ratio of 80.5 reflected elevated disability incidents. Our management actions have been focused on improving pricing to offset loss ratio pressure. We continue our highly selective pricing approach, targeting specific rate actions on a case-by-case basis. While we are making progress in putting more rate into the book, the market remains competitive for well-performing accounts. Consumer Markets core earnings of $83 million are summarized on Slide 9. The combined ratio x cats x prior year was 93.0, 3.8 points better than prior year. This largely reflects 2011 price increases earning into our book of business, particularly in auto. New business written premium rebounded strongly in the second half of 2011. It's now back to acceptable levels after a decline in 2010 and the first half of 2011. These improvements are a direct result of targeted new business initiatives and the expansion of the AARP Agency platform. While new business and retention have increased significantly year-over-year, we have not yet reached the pivot point where new business outweighs non-renewals. Our retention level in auto has improved by 2 points to 83%, still a few points below our target. Improving retention remains a key goal for this segment. Turning to Slide 10. Wealth Management core earnings x DAC unlock were $155 million, 11% lower than prior year. This decrease was largely due to 11% decline in assets under management, primarily from net outflows in Individual Annuities. As a reminder, results for International Annuity, Institutional Annuity and Private Placement Life Insurance are included in the Runoff division, not Wealth Management. Individual core earnings -- Individual Annuity core earnings x the DAC unlock were $86 million, down 10% from prior year. Sales improved in the quarter, marking the first sequential sales increase since 2008. We also have began rolling out our new fixed indexed annuity. As we said in December, we are optimistic about growing the annuity business, but our timeframe is not unlimited. In terms of risk return trade-off, we like our balanced product position. Our VA product is priced for competitive returns, and the product design prudently balances our risk management appetite with customer needs. This innovative design is working from a risk management perspective and offers features that appeal to consumers. Individual Life core earnings x DAC unlock were $40 million, $4 million lower than prior year, reflecting modestly elevated mortality in the quarter. Fourth quarter Individual Life sales were strong. It's important to note that we did not win this business by being the low-cost provider. Our pricing is responsible, and we can achieve adequate returns on the business we're putting on the books. With that said, the current interest rate environment is causing pricing pressure. In order to stay ahead of this, we have made periodic pricing adjustments, including the increase we made earlier this week. The catalyst behind the increase in fourth quarter Life Insurance sales were our innovative product riders and a focus on expanded distribution. Sales grew in every distribution channel, including a 58% increase in sales through P&C agents. Retirement Plans core earnings x DAC unlock were $9 million, $2 million lower than prior year, reflecting spread compression on the general account products. Assets under management were flat, and deposits were down 2%, primarily reflecting weakness in the tax-exempt market. We are pleased with the progress we're making to grow the 401(k) business. Sales were up modestly in the quarter, and our efforts to expand distribution are beginning to pay off. Sales in the $5 million to $25 million Middle Market space were up 29% and sales in the P&C channel grew 33%. Mutual Fund core earnings at $20 million were $4 million lower than last year, reflecting a 15% decline in retail assets under management. This quarter was challenging for the mutual fund industry, in particular for equity funds. Right now, about 2/3 of our mutual fund AUM is in equity funds. As Liam mentioned, our expanded partnership with Wellington strengthens our product offering by providing competitive products for various economic environments. As a result, over time, we expect our concentration in equity funds to be reduced and to have a more balanced fund family. The results for our Runoff division are on Slide 11. Core earnings x DAC unlock were $84 million. We have provided additional details on the Runoff division in the IFS. As Liam mentioned, we recently named a new management team for the Life portion of the division. We look forward to updating you on the progress they are making to more efficiently manage these blocks of business in the quarters ahead. Slide 12 has the results of the hedging program. The program continues to work as designed. As you would expect, in a rising equity market, we generate realized losses, but these losses are offset by reductions in required reserves. On a GAAP basis, VA generated a net loss of $430 million. On a statutory basis, VA generated a gain of $107 million as the decline in the VA carbon liability was greater than the change in value of the hedges. The difference in results on a GAAP versus statutory basis reflects the inherent differences in the accounting for the liabilities. The investment portfolio performed well this quarter. As you can see on Slide 13, impairments and changes to the mortgage loan loss reserve were $35 million. Our net unrealized gain position improved to $2.8 billion pretax, largely due to declining interest rates. Our portfolio yield was 4.1% excluding alternatives, down 10 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2010. Given the Fed's recent announcement that it plans to keep short-term interest rates at historic lows through 2014, we updated our sensitivity analysis of lower rates on our investment portfolio on Slide 14. If interest rates stay flat through 2014, as opposed to following the forward curve, the impact to our outlook for after-tax core earnings is negligible in 2012, given the low level of rates. The impact on the current portfolio rises to $30 million to $40 million in 2013 and up to $100 million in 2014 under this scenario. Importantly, these impacts do not reflect any changes we would make in our investment strategy to offset extended period of low interest rates. On Slide 15 is our statutory surplus roll forward. Surplus levels at the end of the quarter were essentially unchanged at both the P&C and Life companies. VA-related impacts to surplus were a positive $300 million. Increased reserves related to cash flow testing resulted in a negative non-VA statutory earnings for the Life company of $100 million. During the quarter, we contributed $100 million to Champlain Life Reinsurance, our Life Insurance captive, to reflect the impact of lower interest rates on Life Insurance-related reserves. This contribution was primarily funded from Life company resources. On Slide 16, you can see that we ended the year with a strong balance sheet. We have over $17.7 billion of resources in the U.S. insurance operations and Japan and at the holding company. We ended the year with $1.6 billion of holding company resources, down $500 million from September 30. $400 million of this decline relates to the October debt repayment. In addition, we completed $51 million of share repurchases before the end of the year. For the first quarter of 2012, we expect results to be in the range of $0.85 to $0.90 per diluted share. The improvement reflects a rebound in alternative investment returns, as well as seasonality and catastrophe budgets and assumed weather-related losses. The budget for first quarter catastrophes is about $70 million pretax. For the full year 2012, as we discussed in December, we see core earnings of $3.30 to $3.60 per diluted share x DAC unlock and prior-year development. Before I wrap up, we have received a number of calls from investors recently looking for our perspectives on the idea of separating the P&C and Life companies. The company has reviewed this idea in the past, but this management team recently took a fresh look with assistance from advisers. We wanted to share with you some of the meaningful challenges to creating shareholder value via a split that may not be fully understood. As you can see on Slide 17, these challenges fall into 3 categories: the interplay of ratings and debt allocation, the need for regulatory approval and other costs. Put briefly, due to the Life company's current limited capacity to generate statutory earnings and dividends, at least 2/3 of our current holding company debt would need to be allocated to the P&C group. As a consequence, we would need to take potentially dilutive actions at the P&C company to de-lever its balance sheet. As a condition of approval, our regulators might require capital contributions or keep-well agreements between the standalone companies. In addition, we would have to deal with other challenges to creating shareholder value, including those listed on the slide. So you can see that there are significant challenges to creating shareholder value from a separation of the companies. In closing, although we have accomplished much over the past 2 years, we know more is required in order to create ROE expansion and deliver more consistent operating performance. As we've said, we are evaluating our strategy and business portfolio for opportunities to deliver greater value for shareholders. We will be objective and pragmatic about the best way to achieve these goals. As we start 2012, we are confident that our portfolio review, balance sheet strength, business momentum and efficiency plans will position us well to achieve these goals we have set for the organization. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Sabra to begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. [Operator Instructions] Keesha, could you please poll the call for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I had 2 questions for you. Thanks for the update on the -- what you view as the challenges to separate the Life and the P&C companies. And you talked about the financial reasons why it may not make sense, but I'd like to hear your thoughts, strategically, whether you feel these 2 operations should still be together.
Liam E. McGee: Thanks for the question. As we said, and I think Chris's comments were pretty complete in addition to the slide, there are significant challenges to making a split possible. We're not unaware of some of the potential benefits if it was possible in terms of greater focus, but it's, in our view, the challenges are fairly significant at the present time.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, Liam, in terms of the process, in terms of looking at which units are potentially underperforming or need to be reduced in presence, I mean, when will we get some more news on that?
Liam E. McGee: Well, Jay, let's go back to -- thanks again for the follow-up. Let's go back to our December investor conference, and as you recall, in my remarks, I did break the company down into a portfolio businesses, I think, at a fairly granular fashion, then I made comments on each of the businesses in terms of, first of all, where it stood relative to its current returns and our growth, or profit maximization, strategies. And as you recall, in the top right quadrant, there were a number of businesses that have actually very current attractive returns, and we're trying to grow those because we can do so profitably. And then some of them, in the middle to bottom left, that have below optimal returns today, and we're really working hard to maximize the profitability. Since we met with you in December, I would say this team is working on that very thoroughly, very rigorously, and we have a sense of urgency about doing that. Because first of all, we're not -- we don't believe the current stock price reflects the value of the company. We're evaluating these businesses individually by their ROE, their capital generation and their future capital requirements or capital consumption, their risk profile and their growth potential. And what I'll say is we're being objective, rigorous and thorough about the types of actions that might enable us to achieve the goal of increasing shareholder value, and I think we'll keep you informed as we make those decisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Wanted to draw down a bit more just on the commentary regarding the strategy that you alluded to in December. Can you maybe just put some parameters around what this may or may not include? And then how are you thinking about sort of balancing your review, sort of, with kind of the voices you've been hearing from investors in terms of their patience and in terms of generating shareholder value?
Liam E. McGee: Thanks, Chris, for the question. I think I commented pretty extensively in the prior question about the process we're going through. I'd add a couple of other things. First of all, in this environment, this management team is very focused on managing the levers that we can control. I think the progress we've made on making the company more efficient in '11 and will continue to do so in '12 and '13 are appropriate and necessary in view of the current low interest rate environment and the market volatility. The balance sheet is much stronger today, starting with the investment portfolio. The progress that we've made there over the last 2 years, number one. Secondly, the transparency we gave you in October around our balance sheet. Japan, our overall VA book, our ability to withstand stress scenarios. I think our risk management, enterprise risk management, is much stronger and enables us to manage the company better. And we are seeing benefits as a result of our 3 customer-aligned businesses. Just to reiterate, the management team does not believe that the current share price reflects the value of the company. I think we've -- to your point Chris, we've heard that from shareholders, and we've heard it from some other observers, and I think that's why we're communicating very clearly that we are -- we will be objective and pragmatic about the types of actions that may best enable our goal -- to achieve our goal of realizing greater value for shareholders.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then, just wanted to follow-up on sort of Slide 17 here, I guess focusing more on the Life side of things. You point to kind of not having infinite patience on the VA business and potentially doing something. And you alluded in December that you wouldn't rule out putting that into Runoff. So I guess if you put that into runoff, you'd have a lot of the Wealth Management business in the Runoff block, so why would there be such an intense focus on preserving the single A rating if so much of the business was in Runoff? And could you look to then potentially sell some of the remaining attractive assets like the Group or Mutual Fund business?
Liam E. McGee: Well, Chris, I -- Chris Swift may have some comment on this as well. I'd just remind you that -- first of all, let's talk about the VA business for a moment. We're well aware of the questions about our strategy in the U.S. VA book. I think in short, we believe we have the components we need to succeed in the business. Distribution, new products that have been out relatively short period of time and, as Chris noted, some period-over-period momentum, and we're seeing signs of that continue early on in the year. In addition, the macro environment appears to be shifting in a way to it'd be more favorable to the types of products that we're offering. However, and just to reiterate what I said in December, I think I was very clear on this, to your question, we are managing the business very closely, watching the trends. David Levenson, I think, is watching them very closely. Our timeframe, as I said in December and as Chris reiterated, is not unlimited. And we do need and I need to see meaningful progress in profitable sales in the near future. So I think that's very consistent with the tone and the statements that we made in December, and I think an appropriate position. In terms of ratings, I'll just say at high level. First of all, I think the notion that if we were to decide to put U.S. VA into Runoff, that it would create immediate material amounts of capital liberated is not true in our view, number one. And number two, remember that we have other businesses -- the Mutual Fund business, the Life business and the Retirement business -- that are very ratings sensitive, and we would -- if we were able to do that scenario, we would not want to do anything that would destroy their value. Chris, anything you'd add to that?
Christopher John Swift: No, I think that's well said, particularly on the businesses. I think the only other point on allocating 1/3 of the debt to the holding company. Chris, I think you remember that we believe statutory earnings and capital generation, particularly in the near-term '12, is limited. So allocating almost 2/3 of the holding company debt is probably even aggressive on the surface. But Liam, I think your points are good as far as the impacts of other business if those decisions are taken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Two quick ones. So just to follow-up real quick on Slide 17. I guess my question is, it seems like debt allocation or just debt levels might be an impediment here or might be one of the most meaningful impediments here. So I guess it begs the question, why not spend your excess capital, instead of on share repurchases, on debt paydown, at least to provide some optionality to you?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, John, it's Chris. Thanks for the question, and -- the debt restructuring is a priority for us. I think given how we've defined deployable capital in the past, roughly about $500 million, we've targeted the share buyback as a higher priority, the most accretive to shareholders. But the debt restructuring and its associated impact on earnings and leverage is high on the list, and it's something that we think about very aggressively.
Liam E. McGee: Well said, Chris and I think it's not only from a flexibility perspective, John, but also just a carrying cost perspective on some of the components of our debt that you're well aware of. So I think the management team is very focused. We're proud of the strengthening we've done on the balance sheet in the first couple of years, but your question is a very appropriate one that Chris and I and the management team are factoring in, things like share repurchase, potential warrant repurchases, etc.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then just a quick one on the Life company capital. Certainly, given strong equity markets in the quarter, I was pleased to see the $300 million improvement in the statutory capital from the VA business. Obviously, interest rates remain a pressure point. Following the moves in the Life company statutory capital and the reserves, where would you estimate the risk-based capital would come in for year end?
Christopher John Swift: Yes, John, it's Chris again. I'd say thanks for noticing the decent recovery in VA. I would also just point out that as we closed out year end, particularly in the life insurance business, so we updated our cash flow testing analysis, and that created a little bit of a headwind for us. But when you put it all together, we wouldn't estimate that our main company is -- RBC is between $415 million and $420 million. Our capital at White River Re is well in excess of $125-basis-point target, and we have approximately $400 million of actual tangible surplus there. In Champlain, we did make a capital contribution to Champlain. $80 million of that was funded by the Life company. So we sent a dividend up to the holding company of $80 million contributed back to Champlain with another $20 million of holding company resources. So Champlain is above our targets and it actually has $265 million of stated surplus, and then you saw the $1.3 billion of surplus in Japan. If you put it all together, we actually feel pretty good about our statutory resources in the various entities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sort of a follow-up to John's question. Chris, you talked about statutory capital flattish sequentially, obviously, markets were up but that had a mark-to-market on the derivatives, which overwhelmed the reserve change. Not to get too technical, but -- I guess what I'm asking is, at what point in the market, if we continue to go up, would you actually see that reversal where you actually start increasing your statutory capital as the reserve changes are more meaningful than the mark-to-market on the derivatives?
Christopher John Swift: Mark, it's Chris, thanks. I would say to just this context, the U.S. equity markets were up nicely. I mean, but the other markets where we are participate in with our Japanese annuity blocks, I would say, were mixed to down. I mean, if you look at interest rates, if you look at Europe, if you look at Japan, the Nikkei was substantially down. So I think the positive impacts on VA carbon reserves in the Life book were offset by the net negatives around the world. That said, I think you're really trying to -- and we've talked about it before, is measured sort of the inflection point of where things start to turn positive from a capital generation side. And I'll just go back to our comments that we do see substantial capital generation in '13 and beyond, obviously, as market levels improve. I don't think there's a precise number I'd give you, but when you're north of 13,070 and approaching those types of levels, I mean, it really does take a lot of pressure off the VA CARVM reserves. As you know, we've talked about somewhat -- those being on a lag. But there's not a precise thing. It's just, I'll call it, continued healing, but there's also, I would say, a lot of continued pressure in the low interest rate environment also. So you could have a medium impact of just looking at one equity market index, and you really got to consider all our indices that go into liability calculation.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a question on the Variable Annuity business. You're launching some new products. It feels like the products are a little bit more consistent with some of the living benefit guarantees that are out there in the market, so you're kind of -- feels like you're jumping, kind of, into that, kind of, game little bit. And it's a little bit -- feels like a little bit of a different strategy than what it's been, which is kind of pick your spots, very focused on kind of lower risk but some -- obviously, value to the consumer. So I'm just curious about the product that you're selling, how you think it's positioned and, I guess ultimately, how you're making sure that the risk management around it is very robust?
David N. Levenson: So Mark, this is Dave Levenson. Thanks for the question. So as it relates to the new product filing, which is what you're referring to, we are always looking to make improvements in products as part of the normal course of business. So what you saw was clearly a filing for the Annuity business, but as we're in a quiet period with the SEC, I really don't want to comment too much as it relates to the details. Our absolute focus right now is really on growing the business with the product portfolio that we have today. As it relates to your question around profitability and risk, I would say we pay very close attention to this, as you heard Liam say in his comments, with a focus on profitability. The ROE and the product we have today is what I would say, on a fully hedged basis, very close to the cost of capital at scale. And from a risk perspective, we're -- we think the product that we sell today is more than acceptable. So 3 things to add to that. First, we hedged the product fully; second, the NAR of the business that we put on the books is less than 1% of our total sales; and third, the personal protection portfolios, which is a core part of the product, had a volatility last year that was about 1/3 of the level of the S&P. So the issue for us is really a scale issue.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just one very quick follow up. How are you defining cost of capital in this business?
David N. Levenson: It's the weighted average cost of capital that we hold on a GAAP basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just a follow-up on the annuity area and kind of more on the sale side. I think back in the December day, you all had talked about a $3 billion to $5 billion all-in sales goal across annuities. And so I think you also said that the fourth quarter should be somewhat of a litmus test for the new VA product. The run rate's considerably low to achieve $3 billion. So just be interested if there was something that made the fourth quarter not a good litmus test for VA and if you still think that goal is attainable and if indexed annuities might play a big part in that?
David N. Levenson: Randy, it's Dave again. Thanks for the question. So we recognize that the $258 million that we did in the quarter does not get us to our guidance. I'd say that said, we really only had a competitive product in the marketplace for the last 6 months. So we've been essentially out of the market since 2009 and back in since June. The PDF fund, which again is the secret sauce underlying the product, it's very innovative and, frankly, it needed some proof of concept, which I think took a little bit longer than we expected. But with 6 months behind our belt, I feel very good about where that is right now. As it relates to the fourth quarter specifically, as was mentioned earlier in the remarks, 2008 was the first time that we saw our sequential increase in sales, and when you start looking inter-quarter, our story gets a little bit more interesting where December was the best month we had in the year and was up 45% over October. So let me address your question about 2012 and whether or not I still feel like we can achieve it. The answer is yes. Clearly, as Liam mentioned, the market is rationalizing, competitors are raising fees, they're reducing benefits, they're getting out of the business. We think this is all good for us. Our biggest distributor in Wealth Management, added the product just recently, it was the end of October. We are in very good discussions right now to add the product to shelves at 2 of the top 20 firms. The only top 2 -- the only 2 of the 20 firms in the industry that don't carry this product today. We changed our national sales manager in September, and we have much greater discipline, focus and accountability. And as importantly, we're attracting some of the top wholesalers from many of our competitors. But with that backdrop, I think the punchline is that we really know what we have to do with respect to showing sales and sales momentum, and the management team is confident and committed to getting there.
Liam E. McGee: So Randy, you can see that Dave is managing this business very closely, and I think that reflects the fact that we need to see meaningful, profitable sales progress in the near future, and I think he's doing all the right things to make that happen.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: That's great. Just a quick follow-up. Indexed annuities, I mean, could those become a material part of this in 2012? Or should we really think of this is as being kind of a VA phenomenon to get to that goal?
David N. Levenson: So Randy, the FIA product that we launched in '11 was really a table sticks product. It's really going to be the offering that we bring out in the summertime that we think is very innovative combined with WealthVest, which as you know, is our third-party focused distributor on this. So I would say it will contribute, but if it -- it will contribute, but it will be more in the second half of the year where it contributes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I want to applaud your candor with discussion -- with discussing the separation of Life and the P&C companies. And I don't want to contradict that with this question, but can you share your thoughts about how this disclosure is actually going to impact the unit's performance in the near term?
Liam E. McGee: I'm not sure I understand the question.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: We'll I'm -- putting it in probably overly blunt terms, if distributors look at the Life business as being somewhat on the block, is that going to make it harder for them to actually sell the product?
Liam E. McGee: I think you completely misinterpreted the nature of our discussion. So again, I don't think we said that. We did not say that. I think we commented very specifically and very precisely on questions that we've been asked by shareholders about a potential tax resplit of the P&C company. I think to your -- thank you for recognizing our candor. And I would just go back to what I've said a couple of times, which is as we -- and I, more specifically, went through and then the business leaders went in greater detail, we are managing our company as a portfolio of businesses. We intend to maximize the value of each of those businesses because we do not believe our share price accurately reflects the value of the company and of the enterprise and that we're evaluating strategy and business portfolio for opportunities as a result of that philosophy to deliver greater value for shareholders, and we'll be objective and pragmatic and thorough and rigorous about the best ways to achieve this goal. I just want to be sure that you heard me correctly.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes. No, I think I did. If I can shift gears just a little bit. The workers' compensation rate increases that you've talked about, is that impacting retention for other product lines?
Douglas G. Elliot: It is not. This is Doug Elliot. It is not impacting our retentions across other lines. It is impacting some of the workers' comp retentions. But at the moment, we are more than pleased with the trade-off we're seeing in that book of business and very encouraged as we finish the year with really strong pricing momentum across those workers' compensation line. Very pleased about the last 3 months. And as Chris noted, incremental progress between October to November to December as we head off into 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lawrence Sarly [ph] with Paulson & Co.
John Alfred Paulson: This is John Paulson speaking. Liam, I want to go back to the Slide 17, talking about the potential separating the Life and P&C business. And the -- I know you're doing a strategic review, but there's no slide talking about what the potential would be, just that there's challenges. Goldman Sachs came out with, I think, a very good analysis a few months ago, where they showed this is -- that they estimate the upside to doing a tax-free spinoff of P&C can be over 70% of what the current stock price is trading at. Now I agree that there's going to be challenges, but isn't your job to really overcome those challenges to achieve the maximum value for shareholders? Now I would say that Hartford needs to do something drastic because the stock is the lowest valuation relative to book value of any major insurance company. Last year, Hartford stock was down 38% while the P&C stocks were up 14% and even declined much more than the Life index, which was down 21%. So what I'd like to see you do is not merely come back and say yes, we're looking at strategic options, but there's challenges to achieving them. But what -- first of all, do you agree that you could create as much as 70% value for your shareholders by spinning off -- separating P&C? And secondly, is [indiscernible] incentive to overcome the challenges that it's going to take to spin this off? And how long is -- how long do we have to wait to hear if there's going to be a positive recommendation to separate these 2 businesses?
Liam E. McGee: Thanks, John, for the question. First of all, the analysis and the intent of the comments was to acknowledge that the challenges are significant, not to say that they could not be overcome. Second of all, our analysis, including the frictional costs, if you will, that are in the third category, would suggest that a split would not create the kind of shareholder value that, that particular report suggested. And third, in addition, I think the -- your sense of urgency about realizing greater value for shareholders is shared by me and by this team. And so I hope I answered your questions succinctly and correctly.
John Alfred Paulson: Partially, Liam. But if it is -- if you share the interest all shareholders have at increasing shareholder value, I'm surprised that as part of the discussion, you don't talk about how much value could be created by separating the P&C business from the Life business and not the only slide you devote to it talking about that there's some obstacles to overcome. I'm talking about the upside and weighing the upside of the separation against what the obstacles are. And better yet, not just listing as obstacles, but what I'd like to see is how you will overcome those obstacles to result at a more -- a fair valuation for Hartford. Not that there's obstacles, but how are you going to overcome those obstacles? That's what I, as a shareholder, look from you as the management to do.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, John. And I -- that is our mindset. Our purpose in the slide was to identify the hurdles. You can -- if you heard our language, we did not say they were not surmountable, number one. We said there were significant costs to surmount them in a number of areas, so we felt we owed shareholders that disclosure. Number two, we do not believe that splitting them in the current environment for the reasons that we cited will create shareholder value. And third, again I'll reiterate, we have an incredible sense of urgency on looking at all ideas to create a shareholder value.
John Alfred Paulson: Well, I think you need to do a much better job of explaining that because Goldman's report is a very good report on a path to separate the business and create what they estimate is a 70% increase in shareholder value. And then you merely say there's some obstacles and you don't equate what the costs are to the benefit and what value you think could be created. Because right now, with the stock performing as poorly as it has relative to both P&C and Life companies, I think you need a better explanation of what you're going to do to enhance shareholder value, merely that you're working hard and you're committed, but there's obstacles. What we need you to do is overcome the obstacles to enhance the valuation for your shareholders, not merely to point out that there's obstacles.
Liam E. McGee: Hey, John, thank you. I hear you loud and clear.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Why don't I just start off with capital. It looked like you had some improvement in the Life co stat capital and that was a surprise to me. And for the Investor Day, you're going to generate about $800 million in capital a year out of the P&C company. So what I'd like to know is, when you finish up the $500 million buyback, which I think you're saying is early 2Q, it will have been about a year since your last authorization of $500 million. Could you give a little color on the flexibility that you might have to authorize another buyback? And I don't know if you -- just flexibility, amount, timing. I know you can't be overly specific, but a little flexibility commentary would help.
Christopher John Swift: Andrew, it's Chris. Thanks for the comments. I think your comments are right. Again, we finished fourth quarter in decent shape, particularly at the Life company. I would say one point of clarification that we planned to take out $800 million of dividends out of the P&C company, but we do expect the P&C company to generate slightly more in statutory earnings and that the Life group, we're still calling, right now, for flat to slightly down. But a lot of that is path dependence on markets, hedging performance. But directionally, it's still -- I'd like you to take away, it's still a constrained model for 2012. So as we said and as Liam said and I said, we are going to complete the program in early second quarter. At that time, we will evaluate, call it, our deployable capital levels, our capital needs for different initiatives and then determine our future actions and communicate them at that point in time. But as we've said, we see capital and surplus increasing in 2013 at the Life company, so that gives us hope and optimism that we will continue to have flexibility in '13 and beyond, particularly.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And possibly in mid '12?
Christopher John Swift: Possibly. Again, Hard to predict. We'd like to finish what we started, do the evaluation, compare, obviously, a lot of different options for our deployable capital and then come up with the best solution at that time.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just following up on one of the business lines. One of your rationales for being a multi-line company was aligning the Commercial Markets businesses, the Group Benefits along with the Commercial P&C. And I'd like an update on -- well, first off, it looks like AIG actually copied what you did based on some of the things I've been reading about. And secondly, I'd like to get a sense of sales volumes and some of the impact that you're having there.
Douglas G. Elliot: Andrew, this is Doug. We talked about that at the December 8 day in quite some detail, and those discussions continue as we close 2011 and head into 2012. So we had quite a bit of success, greater than $125 million of sales working across our group and P&C space in 2011. We have challenging goals for '12. As I travel -- and 2 weeks ago, I was in Orlando. I spent several hours in the morning with our comp and group people together to talk about issues, to make sure that we're firing on all cylinders and we're looking for opportunities in the marketplace. So absolutely, on a day-to-day basis, those opportunities continue to be chased, and we're looking for more to leverage the breadth of product that we have here at The Hartford.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And you think that could result in a turnaround negative 3% sales year-over-year?
Douglas G. Elliot: The dynamics of the sales process themselves is much more related to our need for margin improvement in group than our margin improvement needs across Middle Market. So when I think about top line, given the scale of those businesses, we're clearly driving rate change at those 2 businesses. As you looked at the bubble chart that Liam took you through in December, we have several businesses that need significant rate, and we are doing everything we can on a day-to-day basis to get that done. And that's more driver relative to top line than this other dynamic.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Andrew. Keesha, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I wanted to zero in on AARP. Chris, you said that you're pleased with the -- where you are and in position to grow. Liam, you sort of said that's a franchise operation, which I totally concur. I'm just confused on where it is in the sort of fixed versus grow mode. With premiums down 4% and the overall auto underwriting at 96, it seems like AARP should be in a position to grow, not being one of the fixed candidates. If it is a franchise as I think and it's in a demographic that's favorable, why is it not growing more?
Andy Napoli: Bob, this is Andy. It's a great question. So I'd kind of take you back 18 months ago, we had profit issues in the division, probably more pronounced in agency than with AARP. But nonetheless, we were taking above market rate increases across all channels and products, so when you grow, it would be impacted. But quite frankly, given the competitive environment that we -- that confronted us in 2010 and '11, it was greater than anticipated, affecting both new business and retention. So since then, we've been working really hard to achieve rate adequacy and restore growth to divisions, especially AARP. It's very much still a work in progress, but as you commented, in AARP Direct we are converging on our combined ratio pricing targets. I actually expect that to happen sometime in 2012. New business has rebounded very nicely, and that will continue to play out as 2012 plays out. The big objective for us right now is to get retention where it needs to be, and until we do that, we expect that to happen in -- throughout '12 and into '13, we'll restore total premium growth to AARP. Still a valuable franchise, extremely important to us strategically, and we're well on our way to getting that back on track.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Where does auto have to be to get your ROE objective? You don't break out AARP, so -- if you could give me AARP's targeted combined ratio to get to the ROE, that would be great. But I don't think auto, in general, would be...
Andy Napoli: Yes, auto, around 95 or so.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. We're -- I mean, you're at 96 overall, and AARP is, I assume, better than agency. So why couldn't AARP be growing right now?
Andy Napoli: I think it's just a timing thing. It's the way we -- the rate increase has played out in '09 and '10. Retention was impacted more than we thought it would be. Now we're recovering it.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Bob, and thank you, also, Keesha. We look forward to seeing and talking to you all soon. And as always, we appreciate your interest in and support of The Hartford. Have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David N. Levenson - President of Wealth Management Group Andy Napoli - Executive Vice President and President of Consumer Markets Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Douglas G. Elliot - President of Commercial Markets Liam E. McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee Christopher John Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ashley, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hartford Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Sabra Purtill, you may begin your conference.
Sabra Purtill: Good morning, and thank you all for joining us for The Hartford's Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. The press release, financial supplement and slide presentation are on our web site, along with our 10-Q which was filed last night. On today's call, The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee; and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Swift, will provide an overview of our results and accomplishments this quarter. After their prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. We know that there are many calls this morning, so we will conclude our presentation at 10 a.m. Today we are also joined by other members of our senior management team, including Doug Elliot, Alan Kreczko, Dave Levenson, Andy Napoli, Bob Rupp, Hugh Whelan and Graham Bird. Please note that as discussed on Page 2 of the presentation, any statements made today concerning The Hartford's future results or actions should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially. We assume no obligation to update these statements. You should also consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release, our third quarter 10-Q, 2010 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC. In our presentation, we will use some financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Definitions and reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided in our financial supplement, press release and 10-Q.  I'll now turn the phone over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I want to introduce 2 new members of the leadership team who are here with us today, Bob Rupp and Hugh Whelan. We announced Bob Rupp's appointment as the company's new Chief Risk Officer last week. As you know, Bob joins The Hartford from BNY Mellon, where he was Head of Enterprise-wide Market Risk. He has 30 years of financial service experience across a broad range of disciplines, including risk management, investments, law and treasury, as well as some time spent with the SEC. Hugh Whelan, as you know, is the acting Head of Hartford Investment Management and the Chief Investment Officer of The Hartford. He has been with The Hartford since 2005, and he has been an integral part of the team and has improved and positively repositioned the investment portfolio. Welcome to Hugh and Bob.  The macro environment in the third quarter was the most challenging since I joined The Hartford. The economic recovery has been very weak, and we experienced 9 different catastrophes during the quarter. Capital and credit markets were volatile, the S&P 500 dropped 14%, 10-year treasury yields were as low as 1.7%, and the yen strengthened by 4.6% in the quarter. However with these challenges, the quarter was a good test for the improvements we've made throughout the organization. Despite these events, the underlying performance of the businesses was good. The capital position remains strong, and the investment portfolio held up well. Results for the quarter were pretty much in line with what we provided in early October, with a combination of factors collectively impacting results. The third quarter was breakeven on a net income basis. Core earnings were $33 million and included several items we preannounced, including catastrophe losses of $134 million and $227 million of DAC unlock charges. While I'm disappointed with this quarter's bottom line results, I am proud of what the team has accomplished. If we had faced similar economic and market challenges when I joined the company 2 years ago, The Hartford's results would have been significantly worse.  We told you last month that we are confident that we are positioned to maintain strong capitalization even in adverse market scenarios and after the third quarter, I remain confident of that today. The Hartford has a much stronger balance sheet and investment portfolio. Enterprise risk management is significantly enhanced, and our hedging programs provide us with strong protection against the strengthening yen and lower equity markets. I'm also pleased with the progress, discipline and focus we are seeing in our businesses. In particular, we are getting meaningful rate increases in several of our business lines that we expect will drive improved profitability going forward.  In P&C Commercial Markets our priority is profitability, not volume. We are ensuring we get the right price for the risks we are taking. In February, we began pushing for better pricing in the Group Benefits line. We continued this effort in P&C Commercial, where we are getting better pricing to keep pace with loss trends in the interest rate environment. We believe Commercial P&C pricing will continue to increase, and we will continue to drive for price increases in the fourth quarter of 2011 and into 2012. On the top line, P&C Commercial written premium was up 7% in the third quarter, while renewal written pricing has increased to 4% and we've seen a sequential increase in renewal rates each quarter this year.  In Group Benefits, we remain diligent on pricing as well as on improving loss trends. We continue to actively seek rate increases on accounts that are performing below our profitability targets, and this discipline is driving a 4% quarterly drop in ongoing premiums and a 9% reduction in new business volume.  In Consumer Markets, we continued our strategy to address profitability and reposition the business to targeted segments. We achieved renewal-pricing increases of 4% in auto and 8% in homeowners. Weather losses had an impact on bottom line results, and we are adjusting pricing to reflect higher cat and non-cat weather losses. New business in AARP was up 9% over prior year as we saw improved advertising response and conversion rates. In addition, we signed an agreement with the National Wildlife Federation this quarter to market to their $4 million members. This brings our new affinity-marketing base to 10 million members.  In Wealth Management, deposits were up 31% over the prior year with Life Insurance, Retirement Plans and Mutual Funds all showing significant year-over-year growth. These are good results for the business, and I'm pleased with the progress. We continue to focus on innovation, product diversification and multichannel distribution to drive profitable growth in Wealth Management.  In Retirement Plans, we've recently launched a new patented solution, Hartford Lifetime Income, which gives employers the ability to offer a defined benefit pension-like income within a traditional 401(k) program. While only in the market for a few weeks, we received an enthusiastic response from distributors, as well as plan sponsors that has exceeded our expectations. Third quarter sales for the new VA product are still modest, but are gradually increasing. We're bringing a couple of our largest distributors online in the fourth quarter and expect sales to improve in the coming quarters. We have several annuity product introductions for the fourth quarter, including improvements to Personal Retirement Manager and the company's first fixed indexed annuity. These launches are critical to building out an all-weather suite of annuity products.  Now even with the tougher environment, Mutual Funds sales were up 46%. Mutual Funds will continue to be an important part of The Hartford. We like this business, and we plan to make a number of enhancements over the coming months. You'll be hearing more about our plans for Mutual Funds at the Investor Day in December.  In Life Insurance, sales of Life Access Rider continue to grow. In the third quarter, the take rate on the rider was about 40%, up from 30% for the first half of the year. And the Longevity Access Rider launched in June continues to gain traction.  Finally on the distribution front, Woodbury Financial, our independent broker/dealer received a 2011 Broker/Dealer of the Year award from Investment Advisor magazine. Given the substantial uncertainty about economic and fiscal policy, as well as prospects both here and in Europe, The Hartford is prepared to face a potentially challenging environment through the balance of the year and into 2012. We are managing the company's businesses and capital resources with discipline, with the goal of improving our return on equity over time. We are challenging each business to manage the levers that are within its control, including being more efficient, pushing for price increases and targeting profitable growth opportunities. We are allocating capital to those businesses that can generate the most meaningful returns over the long term. And as we've said before, we continuously evaluate ROE and new business profitability at the line of business and product levels, identifying sources of underperformance and we will take actions as necessary.  At the December Investor Day, we will share with you an update on the company's strategy and we'll focus on The Hartford's businesses and goals for 2012 and beyond. Most importantly, we will demonstrate to you that we are effective stewards of capital and are allocating resources to deliver shareholder value. We're looking forward to this meeting, and I hope you'll be able to attend.  I will now turn the call over to Chris to talk about the quarter. Chris?
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 5. As Liam said, this was a challenging quarter. Catastrophes were elevated for the second consecutive quarter, equity markets declined 14% and interest rates hit historic lows. Despite these challenges, business fundamentals remain good. We're pleased with the growth in certain businesses that we believe will increase future earnings power.  The investment portfolio continued to perform well. In challenging market environment, our hedging programs worked as designed. Third quarter 2011 core earnings were $33 million before preferred dividends and $0.05 on diluted share basis. These include $134 million of catastrophe losses and $227 million DAC unlock charge. The DAC charge in core earnings reflected lower equity markets and updated policyholder assumptions. In addition, we detailed a few other items on Slide 5. Excluding these items, the quarter's run rate earnings were about $0.73 per share. This assumes a budgeted cat level of $100 million pretax, alternative investment returns of 8% annualized and $494 million fully diluted shares outstanding. Looking to the fourth quarter and knowing the seasonality in our third quarter run rate, we expect a more normalized run rate earnings in the range of $0.80 to $0.85 per share in the fourth quarter. This assumes more normal cats and other seasonality factors.  Turning to Slide 6, book value per diluted share rose 11% over the last 12 months to $46.72. Excluding AOCI, our book value per diluted share rose by 7% to $44.54.  Slide 7 shows the summary of results for Commercial Markets. Core earnings were $106 million compared with $338 million in the prior year. P&C Commercial reported core earnings of $86 million, which includes $60 million of cat losses. The underlying fundamentals of the business are improving. P&C Commercial posted 7% written premium growth, continuing the strong trend we saw in the first half. This growth was fueled by renewal price increases, good retention and exposure growth. For the first 9 months of 2011, small commercial written premium was up 10%. Our combined ratio remains solid, and we are pleased with our performance. We continue to be encouraged by our ability to take rate and maintain strong retention that is consistent with historic levels.  Middle market pricing improved in the quarter marking our third consecutive quarter of positive rate gains, but we still have work to do. Our efforts to drive price are targeted. We are using a state-by-state and an account-specific strategy. The combined ratio of 99.4% ex cats and prior-year development reflects 3 points for the re-estimation of current accident year losses. We are seeing higher frequency in our workers' compensation book, consistent with the broader industry in recent NCCI data. As a result, we've increased our full year 2011 combined ratio guidance to a range of 95.5% to 96.5%. Third quarter P&C Commercial results ex cat were solid for this market. The yield environment will be a headwind for the industry, and we are already incorporating the impacts of a lower interest rate environment into our pricing. Group Benefits reported core earnings of $20 million, which reflects the 3Q loss ratio of 80.1%, 3 points higher than prior year. Life mortality returned to a more normalized level this quarter, unfavorable to 2010's low levels. Disability incidence remains persistently high but consistent with prior year.  The results for Consumer Markets are summarized on Slide 8. Core earnings were a loss of $10 million, which includes $73 million of catastrophe losses. We are pleased with how the underlying business is trending. Auto profitability continued to benefit from price increases that outpaced liability loss cost. Renewal pricing continued to be strong, with a 4% increase in auto and 8% in homeowners. We remain focused on improving the profitability of the agency channel and in particular, homeowners. The pricing increases we've taken are now earning in, which is offsetting some of the impact of the quarter's higher non-cat weather. The disciplined, targeted actions we took earlier this year to increase new business are paying off. Direct marketing response rates have steadily increased throughout the year across all media channels. In addition, phone and Internet conversion rates have improved significantly over the prior year. As a result, AARP new business is up 9% and we are seeing good traction in the AARP through agents channel.  Turning to Slide 9, Wealth Management's core earnings ex-DAC unlock were 238 million, 2% higher than prior year. Given lower markets and surrenders, results were in line with our expectations. Life Insurance core earnings ex-DAC unlock were $56 million, consistent with prior year. Total premiums and fees continue to rise; however, this growth was largely offset by higher mortality. With increased policy size and retention levels, we would expect to see fluctuations in mortality quarter-to-quarter, but this also comes with higher fee income for us, which is a positive for the business. Individual Life strategy of providing a base product with consumer-driven riders is a winning strategy from a customer perspective while increasing profitability for The Hartford. In Retirement Plans, sales momentum in our 401(k) business is strong. We are seeing increased excess in middle market space while maintaining our strong sales position with smaller businesses. We now are the #1 insurance provider of 401(k) plans in the under-100 employee market. We expect our innovative new product, Hartford Lifetime Income, to generate additional interest. Retirement Plans core earnings ex-DAC unlock were $12 million, a $2 million improvement compared with prior year reflecting higher average AUM. Mutual Fund core earnings of $24 million were $4 million better than prior year. Consistent with the overall industry, fund flows were negative, reflecting investor preference away from equity funds. Building on the launch of 3 global funds last quarter, we launched the floating-rate, high income-fund last month. This one is similar to our popular floating rate-fund, which has about $6 billion in AUM. Global Annuity core earnings ex-DAC unlock were was $146 million, in line with expectations and unchanged from prior year. Third quarter sales of our new VA offering were modest at about $90 million and do reflect a gradual increase in sales. We expect sales to ramp up in the coming quarters, but have reduced our full year 2011 deposit guidance to reflect slower sales to date.  On Slide 10, we provided updated key driver guidance for full year 2011. The updates include the results for the first 9 months as well as fourth quarter projections. We were pleased with the performance in our investment portfolio this quarter.  As you can see on Slide 11, impairments were $60 million pretax and continued the trend at the lower end of expectations. Our net unrealized position improved to $2.4 billion pretax largely due to declining interest rates. Pretax annualized portfolio yield was 4.3%. Fixed income new money yields in the quarter were 3.6%, reflecting a lower interest rate environment. This quarter's investment results include strong alternative performance of 3.25% for the quarter and 13% on an annualized basis. As we said on October 6, we are implementing strategies to increase long-term portfolio yield in this low rate environment. We funded over $400 million of new hedge fund investments as part of our alpha strategy. These hedge fund investments provide a return that is generally uncorrelated to other asset classes in the portfolio. Our long-term goal is to have approximately 4% of general account investments in this asset class, and we plan to fund another $100 million in the fourth quarter. Over the long term, we expect to earn a high single-digit rate of return on these assets. In addition, we are adding a modest amount of high-yield exposure in a way that balances economics, income and capital. As we told you, we have minimal exposure, about $700 million to GIIPS in our general account. We continue to have minimal exposure to Italy, Spain, Ireland and Portugal with no sovereign exposure and only $20 million of financial services exposure. We have no exposure to Greece.  On expenses, we are making progress toward our goal of reducing run rate expenses by $200 million at the end of 2012. To date, our efforts have reduced the run rate by $130 million. We expect the bottom line impacts to emerge over time as we are making some investments to achieve this longer-term savings. We continue to re-examine processes in systems across the company to see where we can streamline operations, rationalize the number of management layers and invest in technology to improve speed and efficiency. Since 2010, we have reduced our workforce by more than 1,700 or about 6%. This does not include reductions due to divestitures. In addition, we consolidated our real estate footprint by closing 13 locations. These actions are critical in our transformation to become more operationally efficient within a business model that is in line with our peer group. These efforts will not end in 2012. We are committed to a culture of continuous improvement and are constantly driving efficiencies to improve the profitability of our business.  I want to address some questions I've heard many of you ask about our Life company's statutory surplus generation. We do expect some constraints in 2012 with recovery in 2013 and beyond due to a number of factors. First, global variable annuities. In rising markets, the increase in hedging activities to manage risk reduces statutory earnings in surplus. Second, you're seeing spread compression in our fixed-rate products, which is magnified by the fact that our institutional investment product business is in runoff. Third, year-to-date Individual Life sales have been strong, which creates a new business surplus strength. And finally, a reminder that Group Benefits remains part of the Life Insurance entities on a statutory basis, and Group Benefits earnings have decreased from prior years due to higher disability loss ratios.  Turning to Slide 12. As you recall, the VA hedging program is focused on managing the economics, but we are not fully hedged for the economics. Therefore, the hedges will not entirely offset statutory reserve increases during the period. The program will protect statutory surplus and severe market declines, but will not eliminate point-to-point variability in earnings in surplus. This quarter's results also illustrate the difference between reserve increases, net of hedge gains, on a statutory and on a GAAP basis. As you may recall, the GAAP variable annuity reserves are accounted for under FAS 157 or SOP 03-1. For statutory, all variable annuity reserves are accounted for using VACARVM. In general, VACARVM is a more rigorous, stochastic modeling technique that results in higher required reserves. You can see that the hedge program worked as designed in the third quarter. A mark-to-market gain of $2 billion offset required reserve increases for both GAAP and stat. On a GAAP basis, the net VA impact was a $544 million gain. For statutory, the surplus impact was negative $690 million pretax. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended the quarter with VA reserves of $4.5 billion and $3.7 billion on a statutory and GAAP basis, respectively.  We have provided our statutory roll-forward on Slide 13. As we discussed on October 6, we expected statutory surplus to decline in the third quarter, reflecting implementation of the Japan hedge program, quarterly dividends from the P&C companies, catastrophe losses and lower market levels. I want to comment on a few of the larger drivers. $600 million of the decline was related to net VA impact after-tax, which we just discussed. This includes $250 million pretax for the implementation of the Japan hedge. We also increased reserves to reflect lower interest rates for a block of market value-adjusted fixed annuities, which resulted in $100 million decline. We contributed about $200 million of holding company capital to our 2 life reinsurance captives, White River Re and Champlain. Looking to year end, there may be additional capital contributions depending on market levels, including an expected contribution of $100 million to Champlain which you'll recall manages redundant reserves for Life Insurance products.  On Slide 14, you can see that we ended the quarter with total capital resources of $18.2 billion. Of that amount, $14.8 billion is U.S.  [Audio Gap]  In addition, we have $1.3 billion of capital in Japan and $2.1 billion of holding company resources after taking into account all the capital contributions in the quarter. We are managing our balance sheet to ensure sufficient capital and financial resources in a stress scenario. We've learned from the past and confidence in our capital position is paramount, particularly in times of stress. The capital margin scenarios we provided on October 6 had already factored in most of the items that resulted in the quarter's surplus decline including elevated catastrophes, increased reserving and capital margin requirements for the lower rate environment, Japan hedge program implementation, any scenario that included equity market declines more severe than the 14% we experienced in the third quarter. Certain of these items can be recaptured, like equity market movements and the impact of lower interest rates. Others are more permanent, like cat losses and hedge implementation costs. From where we stand today, there are no items that would significantly change our estimates of capital margins at the end of 2012 for the scenarios we presented. Our balance sheet remains strong and well capitalized. We remain committed to deploying the $500 million of capital earmarked for equity repurchases in early 2012.  In conclusion, let me summarize a few of the accomplishments this quarter. Our business fundamentals are good, and we are effectively balancing top line growth with bottom line returns. We are making good progress on our expense management initiatives and are on track to become a more efficient organization. Our balance sheet remains strong, and our hedging programs performed well throughout the quarter's market stresses. Lastly, in our Investor Day on December 8, we will provide a strategic discussion of our businesses and provide 2012 driver guidance, and we look forward to seeing you there.  I will now turn the call over to Sabra to begin the Q&A session.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. [Operator Instructions] Ashley, can you please introduce the first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Jay Gelb from Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: My first question is for Doug Elliot. Doug, you've seen past cycle bottoming and with the workers' compensation issue now becoming more of an issue, should we expect this to be a drag for a while on Commercial Property-Casualty results?
Douglas G. Elliot: Id say a few things. Number one, we're encouraged by third quarter rate improvement overall, including the workers' comp line. In fact, our workers' comp rate improvement outstripped the numbers you see in the supplement, so good improvement over the past 90 days. As you know, this is a line that in the last 15 months, 18 months, has seen some stress on the frequency side that clearly in the past decade had not exhibited itself. So we are watching that carefully, driving rate into our book, mixing that need for rate where they profile against class and state. And I'm optimistic that we have better days in front of us, but I think it's a line we have to be careful with and one that we absolutely are acting that way day to day here at The Hartford.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And my follow-up is for Chris. Any additional thoughts on the DAC impact on 2012 earnings, how much of a drag that could be on GAAP earnings?
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Jay. Actually right now, I don't think it's going to be a drag. Our best estimate is it's breakeven.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One more, I guess, Property-Casualty line. And I don't think it's a troubled line, but you've seen some change in the reserve pattern and that's professional lines where you have been releasing reserves. The last couple of quarters, you're adding to prior-year reserves. And I guess are you comfortable this isn't sort of a canary in a coal mine? Could this get a lot worse? What are you seeing that's giving rise to the change in reserving pattern?
Liam E. McGee: It is a line -- that professional liability line is one that we're watching carefully concerning relative to soft pricing still and plenty of capacity in the line. Our reserve releases over the past couple of years have been primarily in the accident years 5, 6 and 7, and what we did this quarter as we looked through our book and looked through our claims, we've made some strengthening moves across 8 and 9, primarily in the sub-prime arena. I think it's still too early to call, and we're being cautious and thoughtful about that approach.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Two quick ones, if I could. Chris, I heard you make the comment that you remain committed to deploying the $500 million into the buyback in early 2012. And maybe this is semantics, but I thought your commentary recently at your balance sheet Investor Day and previously was that you expected to exhaust it by early 2012. Could you just clarify?
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, John. I think the clarification, if one is needed, is that we want to complete the program in early 2012, and early 2012 is early second quarter most likely.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Is there any reason why you'd be prevented from beginning to buy back shares now that the quiet period for the third quarter has ended?
Christopher John Swift: There's no, I'll call, legal or regulatory constrictions now that the quiet period has ended.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if we just look at the net impact, that $700 million impact on statutory capital on the Life Co., can you give us a sense roughly how much of that net impact was driven by the equity market decline versus the decline in interest rates? Because I assume some portion, maybe a large portion of the piece that was equity market driven has already recovered given October's rally.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. Hopefully that rally will continue, and we could recover more. But that is a good point. There are opportunities to recover. The way I look at it, John, is that roughly the $750 million gross decline in surplus prior to capital contributions coming in from the holding company, I would say $450 million of that is VA-related and the vast majority, 85-plus percent is equity-related. But there has also been the $300-other million. As you know, the $200 million after-tax of the Japan implementation hedge charge, and there was $100 million for our reserve increase for that MVA block of business that we talked about that was interest rate-related.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay, great. And then just if I can sneak one last one in, with the additional capital contribution into White River, can you tell us where that capital level is maybe at the end of third quarter relative to CTE 98? Because I think that's what Moody's is looking for you and others to have a captive to hold capital to?
Christopher John Swift: John, what I would say is that from an overall Life Company perspective, whether it be our main writing companies and White River Re because remember the agencies, they look through everything no matter what legal entity holds all the risk. We would say at the end of the third quarter, we are still holding CT 98 reserves and capital for the entire Life group.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Chris, just wanted to come back to a few issues on stock capital and the way we should be thinking about the volatility. If I go back to the balance sheet day, I'd look at the S&P 800 stress scenario, a $1.1 billion impact on a net basis. How does the performance this quarter compare to that estimate? Do you still feel pretty good about the way things trended, and is that still a legitimate number, do you think, in lieu of what we saw this quarter? That's my first question.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, thank you, Tom. I would say yes. As I said in my prepared remarks, there is nothing that surprised us. Our scenarios that we ran through that balance sheet day continue to be the ones that we think are most realistic.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it, okay. I guess the fact that there was a sizable hit to Life Insurance capital, but your point being that if you strip out, if you just isolate the equity market impacts and take away the hedge implementation cost, that wouldn't appear to be too far off the mark. That would be sort of the way I backed into it anyway.
Christopher John Swift: Correct. I think that's the way I answered John's question of -- I would isolate that the quarter really had $450 million-ish of VA-related impacts, mostly market, a little bit of interest rates and then everything else in the quarter was the items that we've talked about previously.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then just one follow-up on your comment on Life Insurance statutory capital generation. Your comment on 2012 and 2013, the fact that there's not going to be -- I just want to get a sense directionally, 2012, are you thinking no Life Insurance statutory earnings? Are you thinking a couple of hundred million? And then 2013, can you just give us some -- and I'm not looking for any level of specificity, but just general direction. Are we talking about $500 million of statutory earnings by 2013? Can you provide any clarity on that?
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Tom. You know I want to and I will. I'm going to ask you to be patient until December 8. We will talk a little bit more about the forward-look there on, I'll call it statutory capital formation and the impacts on ROEs but for right now, just think of '12 as just breakeven as we have it right now and growing from there in '13.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I just wanted to touch on annuity sales. They're kind of below our expectation again, and I think the $5 billion in annuity sales goal was still out there as of when we last spoke. So I just wanted to get a sense if that's still achievable and what the components would be that would drive you towards that goal?
Liam E. McGee: I'm going to ask Dave Levenson to take that, Randy.
David N. Levenson: So Randy, thanks for the question. I think I'd start by just saying that I think being out of the Living Benefits space for a couple of years has hurt us more than I think we'd expected. So the rebound, I think, as a result has been slower than we expected. But let me give you some points as to why I'm bullish about where sales are going to go from here. First, the product is only 4 months old. As you know, we launched the new product in June with the Living Benefits, so the wholesalers are really only on their second or third meetings with brokers. Two of our largest distributors are going to come onboard in the next couple of months. We've made some significant personnel changes. Six months ago, we took a Senior Product Executive from Jackson and 6 weeks ago, we changed our National Sales Manager, and I think those impacts are already being realized, which result to what we're seeing out there from a sales perspective. Also, we've made some adjustments to the product, as Liam mentioned in his opening remarks. We are actually out of the market by 75 to 100 basis points on commissions. We have corrected for that, so we are now much more in line. We also mentioned that we will be launching FIA products later this month, and we did last quarter talk about reentering structured settlements lines to build this all-weather portfolio. So the $5 billion I can't pinpoint a number for you, but I can tell you that with all these good things going on, I feel a lot more confident we're going to get closer to $5 billion in our current run rate.
Liam E. McGee: Randy, this is Liam. Just a couple of things I'd add to Dave's description there. The annuity business is in the DNA of The Hartford. We have really good distribution. I think Dave has made some management enhancements to it that will bear fruit. The $5 billion number, as we've always said, Randy, was more meant to be a proportional sense of our appetite. We were a $15 billion-plus company at the peak. We want to be about 1/3 of that at our peak. As Dave said, I think $5 billion is a goal we believe we can achieve. Thirdly, unlike The Hartford of the past and others today, we're not going to ride 1 or 2 products to that type of volume. I think Dave's leadership and vision has been to have what he calls an all-weather portfolio, and he's adding products to it. And we want to be a company that has a balance of what's good for policyholders and what's good for The Hartford, so we can be in the business on a sustained level without the kind of volatility that we and others have experienced episodically in the past. So we're going to be patient here. We think it needs to be an important part of our Wealth Management business and Dave and his team I think are doing all the right things.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: That's helpful. Just 2 very quick follow-ups. What is the distribution channel going to be for indexed annuities, and are you going into any new channels or doing any channel shifts with VA?
David N. Levenson: So Randy, I'll talk a little bit more about that on December 8. But one of the things that we will be doing is bringing the FIA to our core channel, and I think that's going to be a big differentiator for us.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with UBS Securities.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Real disappointed in the results around the Commercial, Consumer and Group Benefits businesses as the loss ratios kind of blew out of the guided band. So a general question; how confident in each of those major segments are you that you'll be able to stay within the band? I know you can't give exact guidance, but I'd like to get a sense of confidence in each area.
Liam E. McGee: Doug and Andy will take that.
Douglas G. Elliot: Andrew, this is Doug. I would say we're getting more confident by the day that we're nearing this inflection point relative to written rate achieving and intercepting with loss trend. It's a line-by-line conversation, but I'm much more positive about that today seeing that out front than I would have answered 60 days ago. So that's a work in progress. We do think we are working hard to understand our trends underneath and as we go forward, we're absolutely focused on this margin compression that's been sitting amidst our lines during 2011, trying to turn that into margin improvement arena, which we expect and hope we'll see in 2012.
Andy Napoli: Andrew, this is Andy speaking to Consumer. So I'd start up by saying we're very confident in our ability to achieve our guidance, but there's been an obvious sharp increase in non-cat weather, so I guess I'd just expect us to be at the high end of that range of guidance. For auto, we're experiencing flat to slightly negative loss cost trends and we've got some nice pricing earning in that's outpacing that loss cost trend. For homeowners, there's big non-cat weather trend that's driving up loss cost and we've been pricing that line very aggressively, so I expect margin expansion to continue there. So I guess I'll conclude with confidence in our ability to hit or achieve our guidance probably at the high end.
Liam E. McGee: Andrew, this is Liam. That's a very fair question on your part. I think what you should take from Doug and Andy is that we do think we're very close to the inflection point, particularly in Commercial, of pricing coming on top and overlapping loss cost trends. And I can tell you that our team is literally working case by case, customer by customer on that and that's why I was very intentional in my remarks that we see pricing increasing in P&C Commercial. And I think Andy's confidence speaks for itself in the Consumer book.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just a follow-up with the -- back to John Nadel -- Chris, you said you were committed to deploying capital in early '12, but there's a distinction between in early '12 and by early '12. If you're saying in early '12, that means you're probably not going to buy back any stock in 2011. If you're saying by 2012, then there's a good chance that you will be buying back stock in 2011. So the question for you is, is it in 2012 or is it by 2012?
Christopher John Swift: I guess I'm going to have to look at the dictionary going forward, Andrew, so thank you for the clarification point. The intention is we will complete the program by early second quarter. Again, I think we've talked about it at the balance sheet day. We're being prudent. We're being a little cautious. We're watching Europe pretty closely, and we like to just get a little bit more clarity and when that happens, we have the deployable capital at the holding company.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So you could get clarity tomorrow and potentially buy back this year?
Christopher John Swift: That very well could be, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Well Andrew and I are on the same wavelength, and I had the same confusion on buyback. And also I wanted to just push Doug just a little bit further on your comments on feeling more confident we're at the inflection point. Given that you had your current accident year development in comp, that suggests maybe you're more behind the 8 ball and where you need to be and that line that's troubling for everyone, not just you. And given that the interest rates are lower, having rates catch up with loss cost growth still implies a lower ROE than you thought you'd be. So I guess are we further behind the 8 ball than we thought with respect to those 2 items, or is your level of confidence means in spite of that, we're going to be reporting improving ROE before too long?
Douglas G. Elliot: I'd start up by saying I essentially agree with all of what you said, right, the accelerant and the pressure point relative to yield over the top in the third quarter absolutely is there, exhibiting itself across all our tail lines. So the targets did move a bit further out in the front. What I was referring to in terms of nearing this inflection point is we're rapidly focused on trying to cross the line between margin compression and margin opportunity. And once there, then it's a matter of the movement toward our targets across these lines, including workers' comp. So we're working as hard as we can. We're mixing our book. We're looking at levels state by state. I am encouraged by some of the recent filing activity across the country in workers' compensation. But it is a work in process and in the middle market today, these are books of business that I think needs significant amounts of rate, and our activities are driven in that direction.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Then your own comp, where you are relative to where you thought you were relative to current accident year, is that you just coming onboard and cleaning up things or is there something in the pricing that loss cost -- that maybe the company missed?
Douglas G. Elliot: I think there's a very disciplined process in place. Clearly over the course of the summer as yields have come down, we all need to reset expectations and targets relative to where we need to be across that line, I would say GL and some of the others as well. So this is a complicated time. Liam started out his remarks with a difficult quarter, a difficult time in the cycle. I've been through a few of these major cycles in the last 25 years, and this is the first one I can remember at this point relative to insurance pressures where the yields are where they are, so that's just another factor over the top. But I'm pleased with the progress in the third quarter, but there's much more work to be done.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just want to go back to, I guess some of the capital dialogue. I guess at year-end 2012, you kind of use a starting point for your sensitivities of $3.9 billion capital margin. On a comparable basis, what is that number at the end of the third quarter?
Christopher John Swift: Mark, it's Chris. Just a couple of things on capital margin. I want to be helpful as possible, but I really don't plan on talking about capital margin on a quarterly basis. So as much as I understand your question, the facts will speak for themselves. I mean our capital margins declined from second quarter to third quarter given what happened with statutory surplus levels. But as we look forward, again, the scenarios that we presented on balance sheet day and the market conditions that we just experienced, there wasn't anything out of the normal. There wasn't anything that wasn't contemplated in those scenarios, particularly the downside scenario. And as you know, we ran those at the end of August and things have recovered since then. So I don't necessarily want to just get into a discussion on capital margin every quarter because that's how -- we're really running the business from what is sufficient and required capital at the Life Company and the P&C levels, our view of what's deployable at any point in time. So it's a language that I think I'm trying real hard to not confuse people going forward, and that's just the language that might confuse people.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, let me try to ask you a couple of questions and maybe just clarify 1 or 2 things. So is it fair to say then that whatever that capital margin is today -- I think you said that statutory capital generation would be essentially flat in 2012. Is that a true statement from this point forward that within the Life Company, capital generation should be essentially flat and aside from maybe the $100 million that you might push down from the holding company in the fourth quarter, there's no other plans to -- based on a steady-state market performance in line with your EGP assumptions that it's flattish, no additional contribution above the $100 million?
Christopher John Swift: Again, you had a lot there, so let me just try to pick at a couple of points from surplus generation. I think we've always talked through that the P&C company remains our statutory surplus generation engine. We take about $800 million out annually. We continue to plan for that in '12 and beyond. What we're talking about then specifically in the Life Company, we do see it sort of breakeven on a '12 basis, improving in '13 and beyond, being able to generate and get access the capital out of the Life Company at that point in time. Obviously that depends on ultimate market levels, but our best view right now, given everything we know about where we see Group Benefits, disability incidence continue to be elevated. We see persistently low rate environment in '12, and we do see some choppiness in the equity markets but generally stable. So yes, in that state for '12, I think we're breakeven, and we don't see the need to put any additional capital into the Life Company.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one follow-up. I mean you talk about '13, and I know you don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves, but you talk about '13 as being better. And I guess I'm trying to understand exactly what is it that's in -- that's causing the better statutory capital generation. Is there a difference in how the variable annuity hedges work that maybe has more of a dramatic impact on '12 on the downside whereas that eases in '13? Or is it more other factors like Group Benefits improving or what have you?
Christopher John Swift: Yes it's a combination of everything, so it's just not one, right? So higher -- market levels will increase. Fee income, hopefully a little bit of a reversion of the 10-year -- back to a normal or higher-rate Group Benefits. We see unemployment. Obviously it'll be linked to employment, but we do see some improvement in '13 and beyond. But those are a lot of things, Mark, that -- let's really get into a good discussion on December 8, and we'll tell you what we see from a capital formation side and the impacts on ROEs going forward.
Operator: And your next question comes from Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Chris, I'm hoping to understand the following with respect to the Life capital. Because your hedging programs have been over the years, more than ever now, increasingly devoted towards the protection of statutory surplus or the avoidance of statutory surplus volatility and understanding the accounting differences that you mentioned, why did you nonetheless have, despite more hedges and more effective hedges than ever, the effect that you did from VA on the stat capital?
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Eric. I think between myself and Graham here, we'll try to explain that the best way we can. I think its simple, at least my mind in that we are hedging for economics, first and foremost. Some of the hedging programs maybe in the past were more geared towards GAAP results and not necessarily economics. We are not 100% hedged for the economics. I think we've been pretty consistent in saying that we're not -- we haven't gone market-neutral over this period of time, so we still have risk on. I would characterize sort of from a risk-on perspective that we have approximately 65% effective risk coverage for the entire portfolio, but that's just our estimates that we see. So again, the variability in markets and not being 100% hedged in the economics and with VACARVM, we consider that to be more fair value-light. There is going to be a little point-to-point breakage in statutory earnings and statutory surplus will happen. And I think the key point, though, on all this as you put it back together, Eric, is the way we're running the firm at the 800 stress scenario, 800 S&P stress scenario and the outcomes that we showed you in October ought to give you greater confidence that the programs that we designed, the 3 different programs we're managing, work collectively together to protect statutory surplus in that severe market decline.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: The other question I had related to Group Insurance, and I'll make it quick because I know we're at the top of the hour. If you have been purposely steering clear of underperforming business, basically not doing business with customers whom you feel you cannot price adequately, I would think that you would see an improving loss ratio, but we saw actually an uptick. How do I reconcile the uptick in your loss ratio with your statement that you have been sort of editing the customer lineup to include increasingly profitable customers?
Douglas G. Elliot: Eric, just a few points. This is Doug Elliot. Number one, when you look quarter-to-quarter, 3-to-3, we had a very favorable mortality quarter in the third quarter of '10, which under today's circumstances, was much more normalized level in third quarter '11. So it looks like there's some unfavorable change q-to-q. Second piece is although we're driving rate into our book, the rate we're driving is a written rate change. And so there's still some slight margin compression [indiscernible] '11 that will reverse itself as we get out in front of these trends. So there's a lot happening underneath. We are feeling better about directionally where we're headed now. We are absolutely committed to this marketplace, no question about it. But at this point, our book needs rate. We need the discipline that we're exhibiting, which is why you see both our top line and our new business levels at levels that are down slightly from a year ago. We think we're doing the right thing.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. And thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support of The Hartford. And we also look forward to seeing you all in New York on December 8 at the Waldorf-Astoria for our 2011 Investor Day. For additional information about that meeting, please feel free to contact me. Thanks, and have a good day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lizabeth Zlatkus - Chief Risk Officer and Executive Vice President Sabra Purtill - Head of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President Douglas Elliott - President of Commercial Markets Christopher Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Liam McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Finance, Investment & Risk Management Committee David Levenson - President of Wealth Management
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Roshira, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hartford Financial Group Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And now I would like to turn the call over to Sabra Purtill. You may begin.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Roshira. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for The Hartford's Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. The press release, supplement and today's slide presentation are on our website as is our second quarter 10-Q, which was filed last night. Chief Executive Officer, Liam McGee; and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Swift will discuss our results and accomplishments. After which, we will have time for Q&A. In addition to Liam and Chris, several other members of our senior management team are also here today including Doug Elliott, Alan Kreczko, Dave Levenson, Greg Mcgreevey, Andy Napoli and Liz Zlatkus. Please note, as discussed on Page 2 of the presentation that any statements made today concerning The Hartford's future results or actions should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially. We assume no obligation to update these statements. You should also consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release, our second quarter 10-Q, 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC. In our presentation, we will use some financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Definitions and reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are in the investor financial supplement, press release and 10-Q. I'll now turn the phone over to Liam.
Liam McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. The Hartford's business demonstrated solid fundamental performance in the second quarter and the results were consistent with the preliminary financials we announced in July. But before I get into details, I want to formally welcome Sabra Purtill to The Hartford as Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. As you know, she joined us in June from Assured Guaranty where she was Managing Director of Investor Relations and Sabra has more than 20 years of insurance experience. Many of you have met her and know she has a deep knowledge of the industry and a commitment to clear and effective investor communications. We really are excited to have her as part of our team, and I look forward to working with her. Sabra, welcome. Now as we announced last night, the operating businesses had solid fundamental performance. But on a core earnings basis, it was essentially a breakeven quarter for The Hartford. Record catastrophe losses as well as asbestos and other items described in our July preannouncement affected the bottom line. But I do want to take a moment and thank our claims teammates for their hard work and dedication in what has been a very, very busy period for them and for many, many of our customers. The Hartford's customers always come first to this team, and they have been recognized for the outstanding service that they provide. The Hartford, along with others in the insurance industry, provides confidence and peace of mind to customers during very difficult periods in their lives. Last evening, as you know, we also announced a significant capital action, a $500 million share repurchase program that we expect to complete by early 2012. We are confident that this next capital management action, following others outlined on Slide 4, is prudent and appropriate. We've strengthened the balance sheet, improved the investment portfolio and made significant progress implementing the Japan hedging program. These actions have positioned the company to return capital to shareholders, an important action toward increasing return on equity and generating earnings per share growth. At our April 2010 Investor Day, we targeted an 11% ROE run rate for the company by the end of 2012. We remain committed to increasing ROE, but given the impact of the macroeconomic environment on some of our original assumptions, we now expect it will take longer to reach the 11% goal. Since Spring 2010, the economy has grown more slowly than we anticipated then, and interest rates have remained at historically low levels. Also, losses in our investment portfolio were less than expected, resulting in a higher level of GAAP equity. We are on track on our other 2012 objectives. We targeted a 200 basis point improvement in the company's efficiency ratio by the end of 2012, and our expense initiatives are on schedule, as Chris will show you. In addition, we remain on track for high-single digit adjusted core earnings growth by the end of 2012, but we will likely have to navigate some economic headwinds in the coming quarters to do so. At The Hartford, we are committed, over time, to generating ROEs in excess of our cost of capital. And we do know that you want more details on our balance sheet, and so, we have scheduled an October event to do so. Chris will give you more specifics on this event. We will also host an Investor Day on December 8 to provide you with a detailed update on the company's business and go-forward strategy. Moving to segment results. In Commercial Markets, P&C Commercial written premiums were up 8%, another quarter of significant top line growth. These results were achieved despite challenges in the economy and sustained competition in the middle market and financial product sectors in particular. Small Commercial and Middle Market written premiums were both up more than 9%, reflecting disciplined rate action, exposure growth and strong retention levels. In Group Benefits, the pricing changes we are making are beginning to have a positive effect. The loss ratio showed initial signs of improvement this quarter, but we believe it is too early to call it a trend. Competition in this business remains fierce, yet we are being cautious and disciplined on new business and renewals with a primary focus on profitability. As you know, at the beginning of the second quarter, Doug Elliott joined us to lead Commercial Markets. Since then, he has been deeply engaged in evaluating the business, developing specific strategies for improving returns and driving growth. Doug also joined us at this year's VIP Summit where we brought together about 130 principals and leaders of The Hartford's top producing P&C agents and benefits brokers. Upon joining the company about 2 years ago as you recall, I was impressed by the strong long-term partnerships between The Hartford and its agents. To sum, it was another reminder for me of the special collaborative relationships that we have. This year, in addition to our traditional P&C-focused content, we held a number of business sessions that cover The Hartford's Life Insurance, Retirement Plans and benefit offerings, which were met by our P&C distribution partners with a very positive response. Because in this economy, agents are looking for ways to increase revenues. Selling more product lines to existing customers offers them a highly effective way to grow their business, and many were vocal in their support of our strategy. The proof, of course, will be in the production over time, but we are seeing some positive signs that this distribution strategy is gaining momentum. The Hartford's Retirement Plans and Life Insurance sales through P&C agents were both up more than 30% in the second quarter over the prior year. And we're seeing promising results from the integration of the Group Benefits and P&C Commercial sales teams. Through June, their joint sales efforts have generated more than $70 million in incremental premium this year. In Consumer Markets, we continue to make progress on repositioning our agency book of business to a more profitable customer segment, as well as on building out AARP and other affinity relationships. Consumer Markets is delivering profitable results in line with our plan. The combined ratio, excluding catastrophes and prior year development, was 91.6%, a 1.6 point improvement over the prior year. Consumers remain very price sensitive, and the industry is highly competitive. So in this environment, the rate actions we are taking affected both retention and new business, driving written premiums down 6%, about what we anticipated. We believe that we will still achieve our targeted written premiums in this segment for the year although it will require us to increase the growth rate in the second half. As a leading indicator within AARP, we're beginning to see progress in response and conversion rates with our marketing initiatives, which should drive future premium growth. In Affinity, efforts are on track, and the team is executing programs targeted to members and new partners. But driving sales through new partners in this channel takes time, and we view this as an investment to generate future premium and profitability. Including Sierra Club, which we signed in June, we now have added the ability to market to more than 6 million new Affinity member households. Wealth Management's focus on product innovation and multi-channel distribution is generating results. We're excited about the second quarter launch of the new variable annuity product solutions, and have been pleased with the initial reception by our distribution partners, who are very interested in learning about the product's features and benefits. But fourth quarter sales should be a good leading indicator of the potential of these product solutions and their contribution to our proportionate goal of $5 billion in annual total annuity sales. Individual life insurance sales were up 14% over the prior year, with good success in distribution channels beyond the traditional wirehouse focus. Customers are selecting The Hartford's Life Access rider on 1/3 of new policies where it is available. Life Access provides policyholders access to their death benefit for any purpose after they are diagnosed with a chronic illness. At The Hartford, we now have life insurance solutions to help customers protect against the financial risks associated with living longer than they thought possible, getting sick along the way or premature death. Reflecting an industry-wide preference for fixed-income, mutual fund deposits were lower this quarter. We continued building out the fund portfolio in the second quarter, launching a world bond fund, as well as 2 funds focused on emerging markets. Retirement plan assets under management rose 27% over the prior year to $55.5 billion, a record for the company. Before I pass the call to Chris, I want to comment briefly on recent events in Washington. We are pleased that Congress and the President have reached a bipartisan agreement to raise the debt ceiling and reduce spending. The legislative in process in Washington can very much be difficult to watch, but the outcome is what matters. However, it is vital that the government continue to reduce the deficit and bring spending as a percentage of GDP to more normal historical levels. And in addition, The Hartford does business with more than 1 million businesses, most of which are small businesses, and we believe incentives to small businesses for new job creation and investment in plant and equipment, along with the moderation of new and existing regulations are important to help stimulate our economy and create jobs. We were pleased to take a next capital management step with the $500 million share repurchase program. We are focused on improving our return on equity, and reducing the cost of capital. Over time, our goal is to generate ROEs in excess of our cost of capital. The Hartford operates today with a solid foundation that includes a stronger balance sheet, an improved investment portfolio and risk profile, improving efficiency and businesses that are well positioned in a challenging market. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 6. Our results are consistent with what we preannounced on July 13. Second quarter 2011 core earnings were $12 million before preferred dividends and $0.00 on a per diluted share basis. Catastrophe losses of $447 million pretax, were the highest second quarter catastrophe losses in the company's history. These losses were roughly in line with our market share. Catastrophe losses have been at higher than historical levels for some time and consequently, we have been increasing CAT loads in our pricing models. Our losses this quarter did not exceed our reinsurance retention. Our CAT reinsurance program is designed to reduce our net loss to major single events such as hurricanes. We included a slide in this program in the appendix. This quarter, we also completed our comprehensive annual asbestos review. As previously disclosed, we increased our asbestos reserves by $290 million pretax. The vast majority of our claim liabilities are developing as we expected since last year's study. The deterioration we experienced this quarter arose from continued litigation pressure in preferral insureds, particularly from measles [ph] claims. We believe this is consistent with industry trends. In addition to these 2 items, we had a software write-off and a DRD tax benefit from finalizing federal returns. Looking through all these items, we view this quarter's run rate earnings as roughly on par with first quarter of 2011 and the quarterly run rate of 2010. Slide 7 shows summary results for Commercial Markets, which includes our P&C Commercial and Group Benefits division. P&C Commercial posted 8% written premium growth, continuing strong growth trend from the first quarter of 2011. We are pleased with this growth as well as the results we're seeing, particularly in Small Commercial. We are taking price actions to improve profitability in middle market and specialty. Overall, P&C Commercial is performing well. The group benefit market remains competitive, and we are focused on profitability. This quarter, we saw some signs of progress. The loss ratio improved slightly to 78%, largely due to disability incidence and termination rates. While still above historic norms, this is a 30 basis percent improvement from last year. Like Liam said, it is too early to call this a trend, but we are pleased to see this stabilize. The results for Consumer Markets are summarized on Slide 8. The combined ratio x cats and prior year development improved, largely due to auto. The pricing increases we've taken over the past year are now earning in and outpacing loss cost trends. Turning to Slide 9, Wealth Management core earnings were $333 million, excluding a slightly unfavorable DAC unlock. There was also a $52 million tax benefit associated with DRD, most of which is in Global Annuity. U.S. annuity net flows were negative $3.6 billion in the quarter, consistent with the expectations of our full year 2011 guidance. Individual life insurance sales were up 14% over prior year period. As you can see, Retirement Plans, excluding the DAC unlock and the DRD benefit and Mutual Funds, core earnings improved 23% and 17%, respectively. Turning to Slide 10. We remain on schedule to achieve a 200 basis point improvement in our efficiency ratio by year end 2012. Our efficiency ratio is down about 90 basis points from 2009, after recalibration for the sale of SRS and Federal Trust. The appendix gives you the recalibrated 2009 starting point. In order to achieve our ultimate goal, we are targeting $200 million of reductions. On this Slide, you can see the breakdown of targeted expense improvement categories that will get us there. We have broad efficiency initiatives underway in many areas including finance, information technology and enterprise operations. We are reexamining processes and systems from the bottom up, with an eye towards simplifying and streamlining operations in order to improve both quality and speed. We continue to be pleased with the performance of our investment portfolio. Net unrealized gains and losses improved again in the quarter as shown on Slide 11. At the end of the quarter, we had a net unrealized gain of $819 million, an improvement of $2.4 billion over the past 12 months. This reflects price recovery and spread tightening in CMBS, CDOs and financials. It also reflects the impact of our disciplined portfolio management process over the past 2 years, which has reduced our investment portfolio risk. This quarter, we recorded our lowest level of impairments on securities since 2007. Impairments totaled $23 million, but were more than offset by a release of $26 million in our mortgage loan portfolio. European sovereign debt issues are weighing on capital markets. We do not have a material allocation to European credits in our general account. Our European exposure is largely invested in high-quality corporate bonds and utilities. To be clear, we have no exposure to the governments of Greece, Portugal, Spain, Italy or Ireland in our general account, and only $20 million of exposure to a financial institution in Spain. Turning to Slide 12. Our book value per diluted share, an important measure for evaluating our company, rose to $43.11, an increase of 13% over the last 12 months. About 1/2 of this is due to net income after dividends, and the rest from improvements in net unrealized capital gains and losses. Our book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, has risen by 6% to $43.26. Our U.S. statutory surplus position is summarized on Slide 13. U.S. statutory surplus was $15.6 billion at the end of the quarter. P&C catastrophe losses and dividends through the holding company were the principal reductions to our surplus. On the Life side, earnings and the change in the DTA more than offset the impact of variable annuities. Our RBC ratios remain strong. At the holding company, we had $2.3 billion of cash and liquid investments at the end of the quarter. This is more than sufficient to fund the share repurchase program and our near-term commitments, including the October debt maturity. I wanted to touch briefly on the solid progress we have made in our Japan tail hedge program. As you know, our goal is to have a robust, dynamic hedging program for Japan in place by the end of the year. At the end of the quarter, as we calculated, we are roughly 75% complete. We remain at that level today. We are close to our hedge targets for yen and equity markets, while we still have coverage to place on Japan interest rates. In retrospect, our decision to prioritize yen hedging was on the mark. We added substantial protection over the past year at attractive price points relative to today's levels. As you know, our hedge is designed with a focus on economics, while providing statutory protection in severe scenarios. In fact, if the yen had been 20% lower at the end of the second quarter, there would be no other -- and no other changes in the capital markets, the impact to statutory capital would not be significant. When our program is fully in place, we intend to manage our Japanese hedges dynamically, just as we do with our U.S. GMWB program. We will actively rebalance positions based on potential liabilities, market conditions and instrument's maturities and the like. Several investors have asked me about the ultimate cost of this program. The cost and the benefits of the Japan hedging are highly dependent on market scenarios. In markets that are benign or rising, we will incur a hedging cost, but our risk profile should improve. In an adverse market scenario, Japan hedging will provide significant benefit to shareholders. We are confident that under a severe stress scenario, we will be able to limit our overall risk to an acceptable level, and one that is well within our capital resources. We are continuing to refine and build our Japan hedging program. At our October event, we will provide you with greater clarity and benefits on the cost of our Japan hedging program over a number of market scenarios. Then, in our third quarter results, we will incorporate an estimate of the long-term cost of the program into our DAC models along with other DAC assumptions. Hedging Japan [indiscernible] is a prudent way to managing tail exposures. It provides significant downside protection, while maintaining some upside potential as markets improve. We have accomplished a lot since the beginning of 2010. We have reduced the risk in our balance sheet. We have strengthened our capital position. And we have stabilized our earnings power. This quarter, we are increasing our guidance in P&C Commercial written premium growth and Global Annuity ROAs. This reflects first half of the year performance, and our expectations for the rest of the year. With respect to ROE, we remain focused on improving ROE with the ultimate goal of exceeding our cost of capital. To do this, we are focused on achieving high-single digit adjusted core earnings growth, combined with prudent capital management. As you know, DAC accounting changes will affect DAC balances beginning January 1, 2012. This change will impact any ROE guidance we could give you today. At our Investor Day in December, when we have more certainty around this change, our 2012 earnings outlook and any other potential capital management actions, we will provide you with more visibility on our guide path towards ROE improvement. As Liam mentioned, we are also planning to host an Investor Day on October 6 here in Hartford, to discuss our balance sheet. At the meeting, we will walk through a variety of items, including our investment portfolio, risk management, variable annuity hedging and capital. The October and December meetings will provide you with a much deeper, clearer understanding of The Hartford, our balance sheet, how we run our businesses, manage our risk and improve earnings growth and ROE. We look forward to seeing you then. Turning briefly to the share repurchase program, I know some of you have liked to have seen this move sooner, but we have always said we would be prudent in our capital management actions. We expect to complete the $500 million share repurchase program by early 2012, subject to legal considerations and market conditions. In conclusion, we feel good about our accomplishments to date, especially when you consider the industry and the economic environment. Our balance sheet is strong, and our investments performed well this quarter. Our risk management is significantly enhanced from where it was 2 years ago and well positioned to manage emerging risk. Our business fundamentals are good, and we are effectively balancing top line growth with bottom line returns. We are on track to become a more efficient organization. The share repurchase authorization is a tangible acknowledgement that The Hartford's financial position and stability have greatly improved. With that, I'll turn the call over to Sabra.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. I just wanted for make one point of clarification with respect to the Japanese hedge program. At the end of the quarter, as we calculated, we are roughly 3/4 or 75% complete. As mentioned, we are happy to announce that we will be holding a balance sheet meeting on Thursday, October 6 at 10 a.m. at our home office in Hartford. Our presentation and Q&A session will be webcast, but we certainly hope you can join us in person. We will e-mail the full details and RSVP information shortly, along with a "save the date" notice for our December investor meeting. As mentioned, we will hold an Investor Day this December. It will be in New York City on December 8, and will include presentations by Liam, Chris and our Business Presidents. We will send you full details after Labor Day. We'll now start the Q&A session. We know there are a lot of people on the call, so we'd like to request that you use this time efficiently, so that everyone has a chance to ask their questions. Any detailed financial or accounting reconciliations, we'd be happy to cover after the call. Roshira, we're now ready for you to give the instructions for asking a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I have a question on the Japan run-off and didn't that amount of risk to the NAR changed this quarter, moved from about $5 billion to $5.4 billion. And I guess the question is, Chris, your comments said that the yen was very well hedged. So should we think about that change in the NAR this quarter as being mostly market-driven since the hedge is so effective against the yen?
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. That calculation really does not include any of the, I'll call it, balance sheet hedging we do. So it's more of a gross net amount at risk. So I wouldn't view it that way.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So how should we think about what drove the NAR change then from last quarter to this quarter?
Christopher Swift: Generally, market levels. I mean, we disclosed the yen equity markets in general so again, it's the combination of all the inputs that calculate the net amount at risk.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: All right. And then just one more on the hedge. I guess with the notional value not changing that much for the disclosure in the Q, can you explain the mechanics, kind of a high level of how the notional did not change even though the hedge program appears to be making progress, now that it's 75% complete?
Christopher Swift: Sure, and Liz's here too and she can add additional color. But I think, simply, I don't think you can look at the notionals and then draw any necessary conclusion on positions, risk levels, things that we've added during the quarter. I mean, we've rotated certain positions from futures to options and the like, but I don't think that table should give you a good -- it does not give you a good picture of our risk positions. Liz?
Lizabeth Zlatkus: Yes, Randy. So I would agree, it's not a good indicator of the coverage increase. I'll just give you one example. If you extend cover on options, you just dwell it out for a longer period of time. You would have more coverage the way we think about it, but the notional wouldn't change. And it depends on how all of the money strike the options, et cetera. So it's just not a good indicator. I would turn your attention more to the Q where you can see the sensitivities in the Q, and you can see both currency and equity increased. So from any market level, that's the amount of protection that as the markets go down 1% or currency strengthened 1%, you can see that the amount of coverage we have has increased.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: The first question is just on the year-end 2012 ROA target. I understand that the 11% now looks unlikely which probably isn't really a surprise to most investors but, and I know that you're planning on providing additional detail at your upcoming Investor Day. But any color as to how much lower your expectations are now relative to what previously you're expecting would be helpful. Why don't we start there, then I have a follow up on capital.
Christopher Swift: Well, Nigel, let me be clear, first of all. We're saying the timing of the 11% will be pushed out, not that we're not as committed to achieving it. As I said in my remarks, when we went to go back to April of 2010, first of all, Chris and I and the management team really want to run the company against targets. And we kind of have a philosophy, if you don't really have a destination, you don't know when you get there. And as I noted in my remarks, clearly, the economy has not recovered at the pace that we expected, and interest rates just have remained at levels we would not have anticipated at that point in time. And we haven't consumed as much capital, unfortunately, in our investment portfolio, because of the good work of our teammates there. We are committed, as Chris and I have said a couple of times this morning, to increasing our ROE and over time, we want to get our ROE at minimum, initially, to be on top of our cost of capital and then over time to exceed it. What I can tell you, Nigel, is that the management team, as well as the management team with the board, is really managing our company, not just at an aggregate level from an ROE perspective but business by business. So each of our businesses, those that are above their cost of capital now have a plan for improving it, and those that are below it have very specific communicated plans that we're monitoring closely to get those businesses at and then ultimately over the cost of capital and monitor if that's not possible. And I'd emphasize, that's not just the management team. That's in conjunction with our board as well. Finally, as Chris said, I think because of the economic uncertainty and the market uncertainty, number one. Number two, there's a lot of unknowables at this moment. We're working through the DAC methodological change and the impact of the Japan hedge on DAC. I think it's more appropriate for us to give you the glide path towards improvement in the December timeframe at our Investor Day, and that'll be one of the things we'd spend a lot of time on.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Second question is just on the capital. Chris, I think you've said in the past that warrant extinguishment will be probably a higher priority than regular common stock repurchases. Is that still the case today or should we expect more of a combination or warrant to common stock buybacks in tandem as you execute your capital management initiatives? Also, the second quarter was clearly challenging and market conditions remain tough this quarter. So as we think about the buybacks, are you likely to go ahead regardless of market conditions or should we think about these repurchases as being contingent on some sort of stabilization?
Christopher Swift: I think on your last point, we're ready to go. We talked about the cash at the holding company, our outlooks, our views. So again, I wouldn't view that we're not prepared to execute at this point in time, subject again to the legal and market conditions. I think on your question on warrants versus common share, all I would say is that at today's market levels, where our common stock is trading, common stock looks pretty compelling to purchase. But we'll go through our analysis that we'll do and in making conclusion on what's best and/or any combinations.
Liam McGee: This is Liam. I'll just add a little more color on top of what Chris said very well. We've been pretty consistent, Chris, myself and the management team, that we were going to be prudent and consult with all of our constituencies as we looked at potential actions that impacted capital. We said we went through that process when it regarded repaying TARP in our capital raise, certainly in doubling our dividend, and of course, this capital management action as well. To your point about market conditions, I would reiterate what Chris said, "We're ready to go". There are no real contingencies that we have to get through to do it, but we have both internally in conjunction with our constituents including rating agencies, really stress test the firm against a number of scenarios, including severe stress scenarios and also take in rating agency models to do the same. So we feel quite confident that -- and we expect to complete the share repurchase program in early 2012. Chris, you might want to share since you've personally kind of led the discussions and deliberations with the rating agencies, kind of how that process went.
Christopher Swift: Sure. We, Robert Michael Arena [ph] , our Treasurer, we did it together over the course of July, met with all the agencies. It really was designed to give them a business update broadly through the second quarter, talk about various components of the results that we just released. We went through our views on capital. We went through our views of our capital margins under different scenarios. We also modeled obviously all the agencies' perspectives from their own model perspective. Brought him this, I call it six-month, short-term capital management action, and the results speak for themselves. And we announced it today and communicated clearly with all our key constituents.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: Two question topics. I guess the first one. So if you're pushing out the ROE target, but you're mentioning that you want to at least achieve your cost of capital, what I'd like to know is what is The Hartford's cost of capital and how do you measure it? And then I have a quick follow up.
Liam McGee: Chris, why don't you take that?
Christopher Swift: Sure. Obviously, our cost of capital is dependent on market conditions and the market will ultimately determine that. What we're focused on, like we've said consistently, is growing our earnings base and producing more stable, predictable results. And again, we think that the cost of capital will come down over time. If you look at it today, we would measure sort of our aggregate weighted cost of capital maybe in the 12.5% range and our equity cost of capital at 14.5%.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: That's great. So your objectives are much higher than 11% over the long-term?
Liam McGee: Well, Andrew, let's be clear. We have 2 objectives here. One is to increase our ROE, and what we said this morning is to get it to that 11% point will just take us a little longer because of the factors I described. If not, those factors clearly are different than we anticipated in April of 2010. And secondly, we want to drive our cost of capital down. We think, not the exclusive factors, but the 2 factors that are most important are, I think, the dramatic improvement in our investment portfolio. I do think the market will appreciate that and drive our beta and our cost of capital down. Of course, we have great conviction about the effectiveness of our Japan tail hedge, and we'll give you more detail on that in October. Now those are not the only 2 sources of why our cost of capital may be higher, but I think most would agree, there are probably but 2 most primary reasons. So we want to get our ROE up, we will get our ROE up, but we also are managing the firm to drive our cost of capital down. And so, we think over time, as Chris and I said at least a couple of times each, we want to be clear with investors. We believe it's paramount for us to run this firm over time to get our return on equity to exceed our average cost of capital. I hope that gives a little more color to it.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: It does. Definitely, it does. And then, with regard to the mutual fund business, that's my other question. So you're still targeting $2 billion to $4 billion of net flows, yet in the quarter, you had a negative $1.2 billion inflow. So, a, can you still reach that target? And b, is the reason for this decline in net flows due to the recent media attention to potentially selling that business? And what's the outlook for that? Is it going to be part of The Hartford in 6 months or 12 months?
Liam McGee: I think Dave Levenson will answer that question.
David Levenson: Dave Levenson. So I guess where I'd start is just if you look at the industry flows, there was a sharp increase in fixed income flows and a sharp decrease in equity flows. Whenever that environment happens, that does not play well for our fund family, which you know is largely equity based. We do expect that will turn in the second half of the year, so we still remain confident about our guidance and our assumptions.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: And then, just with respect to the -- is it going to be part of The Hartford?
David Levenson: You know our policy. We don't comment on market rumors.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. I mean, just strategically, do you think it's a good fit for the company? I mean, is it core?
David Levenson: We love the business. It's performed well for The Hartford over time. We like our current suite of products, and we don't comment on market rumors.
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I had a question first on your, just your level of comfort with the Japan verbal annuity or Japan annuity DAC balance, I think it's around $1.7 billion-ish so. The flows are obviously negative. They're going to remain negative to blow [ph] off shrinking. So why should we not expect a DAC write-off in that business? And then secondly, maybe talk about just capital deployment. You have the $500 million buyback that you plan to complete by the beginning of next year, should we expect capital management to be an ongoing part of your -- or capital deployment to be an ongoing part of how you operate? So beyond the first part of next year, should we expect additional buybacks just from your free cash flow?
Liam McGee: I mean, why don't I take the second question first and then Chris will deal with the DAC issue as it relates to the Japan VA book. I just go back to what I said to an earlier question. You should expect this management team to be very prudent and thoughtful and rigorous and continuous in looking at the most efficient use of our capital. It's certainly consistent with the discussion I had just a few moments ago about improving our ROE and as well as simultaneously driving down our cost of capital. So we've just announced the $500 million last night, but we will again, in conjunction with our constituents and our board, the management team will look at most efficient use for our capital. We will evaluate other potential uses, investing in our businesses, obviously potential future dividend action, share warrant repurchases. We look at our investment portfolio as an example. Some of our highest risk assets, is there a way to de-risk some of that, economically. And finally, looking at our balance sheet, are there ways to restructure some of our debt at a lower carry cost, which I think would be good for shareholders, good for reducing the leverage of the firm as well and the cash flow of the firm. So we'll be disciplined and rigorous. I think, the reason we put that slide in there was to demonstrate since the last nearly 2 years, I think we've been very consistent in saying we're going to be prudent, we're going to be thoughtful. We're also very cognizant of the economy and the market uncertainties, but our highest priority is to increase shareholder return, and capital management actions will be always considered in that context and where we deem them appropriate taken and the appropriate ones taken as we believe we've done with this action. Chris, you want to talk about the DAC?
Christopher Swift: Sure. Jimmy, I think you know and that we've talked about, we've amortized that balance fairly quickly, right? It's through the amortization period, so as policies hit their amortization window, we should have DAC fully amortized. We still actually make good margins in Japan on a core basis so, I mean, our profit margins are very healthy there. We've talked about Japan contributing $200-plus million of core earnings on an annual basis to the firm. So it's still highly profitable. I think the last point that I alluded to in my comments is, we do our third quarter assumption update. We'll go through that completely, U.S. and Japan, and as we finalize the components of our Japan tail hedge program, we'll bake those long-term costs into our estimated EGP streams and take any appropriate adjustment required.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And could you also just talk about what your ongoing hedging costs are going to be once your fully done hedging the Japan book on an annual basis?
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. And then I could maybe add some color too. I think the way we think about it is it just depends on scenarios, right? It's sort of path dependent and call it rising or benign markets. It will look like we're having, I'll call it, higher costs than we do in down markets. There's also a definitional issue. What is a cost, right? I mean from a typical cost accounting perspective, cost is a little different terminology in the hedging world and in the capital markets world because sometimes, you don't have to expend any upfront dollars. And as you would think of it is in a traditional cost, but you have mark-to-markets that you have to reflect over a period of time. So definitionally, these are more of the things we want get into in our October meeting, but all I could tell you is like I said before, we will be transparent as possible. We will bake our long-term cost of estimates into our path-dependent scenario for Japan and take any necessary adjustments to our debt balance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: And 2 questions. First, can you update us on your goal to generate $5 billion of annual new sales in the U.S. variable annuity product that was recently rolled out? And secondly, with Doug on the call, if we could hear from Doug Elliott in terms of what his initial perspectives are on the P&C business and what his focus will be for the future.
David Levenson: This is Dave. Let me take the first question. So with respect to the $5 billion, as you know, that's a total annuity number, not just variable annuity. What we did do in the June timeframe, June 13, as we rolled out a series of additional product solutions that we're very excited about, there were really only 14 business days that that product was live in the quarter, but I will tell you that we received, have received great reception from our distributors. Our leading indicators are all up, meaning wholesaler activity and broker meetings, and we'll have a much better read on that as we get into the fourth quarter. We are not stopping there, though. I think as we get into the second half of the year, you will be seeing and hearing a lot more about additional things that we are taking on beyond just the variable annuity business. So we remain confident about the proportional goal of $5 billion.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: When do you think that could be achieved by on a run rate basis?
David Levenson: So we've said 2012, and right now, there's no reason to deviate from that.
Douglas Elliott: This is Doug. As you know, it's been just over 100 days here for me at The Hartford, and I'm very excited to join this franchise. My early impressions continue to be very positive about the array of strong businesses we have in the commercial market. We have excellent positions in group benefit, small commercial, middle and some terrific complimentary specialties around those core. I'm excited about what I think we can do going forward. Obviously, with different ideas, we're looking at execution options, ways to speed up things we do here but built around a terrific group of distributors, agents and brokers, who I think feel strongly about our franchise. So as I look out, really just the beginning of great hope for what we can do going forward. I think we have some excellent teammates here within The Hartford that can execute with the best in the industry that we can see each and every day. So optimistic about where we head.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I wanted to see if you guys can maybe provide us with an update for EPS sensitivity, the movements in the equity markets? And then also, sensitivity that capital RBC for maybe every 100-point change in equity markets. All else constant recognizing it is not linear.
Christopher Swift: It's Chris Swift. Again, I would go back to what we disclosed in the Q on the hedging sensitivities for equity rates, currencies. I think that's the best indicator. And again, our traditional guidance on EPS sensitivities for S&P movements and things like that are really unchanged at this point in time. But, I mean, if you got specifics, you're trying to update your model, maybe you and I and Sabra could just have a talk afterwards.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. That would be great. And then one just quickly for Dave Levenson. Just any signs of sort of early traction with the new VA product?
David Levenson: Chris, as I mentioned, we did launch the new product on the 13th of June. So after 14 business days, all I can tell you is that the activity and the leading indicators are all up. People are embracing a lot of the new options, but we really won't have a very good read on that until we get to the fourth quarter.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. So no real view here through July?
David Levenson: So as we look at July, again, there's been continuing additional activity, and that's probably what we would clearly expect after rolling out a new product, and we are seeing a lot more interest in our new solutions.
Christopher Swift: So Chris, net-net, the reception has been very positive. As Dave has said a couple of times this morning, appointments are way up, interactions with our distribution partners are way up. But we want to be clear, we're not going to declare anything until we start putting some points on the board. And so, probably the tail end of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, as Dave has said, the proof will be in the sales numbers, but leading indicators are quite positive right now.
Operator: And your last question comes from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Two, if I can fit them in. What do you estimate your risk-based capital ratio was at the Life company at the end of the quarter?
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. I would say again, we don't do a precise calculation but our estimates are at 472 for the Life company.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And then just to go back to the ROE target and completely acknowledge that we'll get more information on this as we get toward the end of the year. And I recognize that DAC accounting changes can certainly get in the way. But if I removed the idea that there would be any DAC accounting change that would have an impact, if we thought more apples-to-apples versus the 11% target by the end of 2012, where do you see that end of 2012 as you look out today versus that 11% if I gave you apples-to-apples on DAC?
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. I understand your perspective and what you're trying to do. I would say, look, we think we're at a slightly below 9-ish core run rate right now that the guide path, the improvement, the activities that we're focused on primarily center around capital management and growing core earnings. You saw we took our first capital management, major capital management action with the share buyback. A lot of that is going to ultimately be dependent on how we can manage our equity base and capital base going forward in 2012. And as Liam said, we have a rigorous process. It's updated quarterly. We want to complete our share repurchase program in early 2012. Look at our risk positions. Look at the economic conditions. Look at how the businesses are performing. Our capital needs at that point in time, I think we'll have better insights into how we get to that improvement path. But thinking in terms of we're light of 9-ish right now, we want to grow and improve through 2012, which again, there is expansion and improvement potential, and we'll quantify it even more clearly for you in December.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And then if I could just follow up, because clearly credit in the investment portfolio has performed significantly better. I mean, that's certainly true for Hartford, it's probably true for the industry. So how much of a difference is there, as you think about how much more GAAP equity you have today versus what -- or you expect to have on average in 2012 versus what you might have thought was pressure from investment losses under the original plan? Because I suspect that's a pretty big driver, and maybe I'm wrong.
Christopher Swift: No, you're right. And I understand what you're trying to do and again I want to be helpful. But again, we're just not in the position to quantify that here right now. So we can talk more through it off-line if you really want try to update models. But again, I would say that we're still working our way through the credit cycle. I'm looking at Greg Mcgreevey a little bit.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Tough with today's environment, yes.
Christopher Swift: Yes. Well, so again but it is and has been a major driver and again in a positive way. We have consumed book value that we planned. But again, we're still through the vast majority of the credit cycle. But again, let us just get through December and we'll show you our views and the path towards that improvement path going forward.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, all for joining us today for The Hartford Second Quarter Conference Call. I wanted to note I know there's a few people in the queue but we do have some time locked out on Chris' schedule for the afternoon. So if you'll just give us a call, we will be happy to follow up with your questions off-line. Thank you, all for joining us, and we look forward to seeing you and talking to you again soon. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lizabeth Zlatkus - Chief Risk Officer and Executive Vice President Andy Napoli - Executive Vice President and President of Consumer Markets Christopher Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Liam McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Finance/Investment/Risk Management Committee David Levenson - Executive Vice President, President of Wealth Management and Chief Operating Officer of Hartford Life Insurance KK Andrew Pinkes - Executive Vice President of P&C Claims and President of Heritage Holdings Inc Richard Costello - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch John Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch Unknown Analyst -  Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tierra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to your host, Mr. Rick Costello. Sir, you may begin.
Richard Costello: Thank you, Tierra. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for The Hartford's First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. The earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday and the slide presentation for today's call is available on the company's website. Chief Executive Officer, Liam McGee; and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Swift, will provide prepared remarks this morning, and we will finish with Q&A. Also participating on today's call are Doug Elliot, President of Commercial Markets; Andy Pinkes, who served as President of Commercial Markets through last month; Dave Levenson, President of Wealth Management; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; Greg McGreevey, Chief Investment Officer, Liz Zlatkus, Chief Risk Officer; and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to Slide 2 of the presentation. Please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2011, our 2010 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date. Today's discussion of The Hartford's financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, is provided in the Investor Financial Supplement for the first quarter of 2011 and in the press release we issued yesterday, both of which can be found on The Hartford's website. Now I will hand the call over to The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee.
Liam McGee: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before I get started, I really want to welcome Doug Elliot to The Hartford. Doug joined us at the beginning of April as President of Commercial Markets and, as you know, he was most recently with Hartford's Steam Broiler, where he was President and Chief Executive Officer. Now as you all know, Doug has a strong and broad P&C industry background. He ran the commercial business at Travelers several years back and has great relationships with the agent and broker community. He is off to a fast start and we're really excited to have him at The Hartford. I would also like to thank Andy Pinkes and the entire Commercial Markets team for continuing to deliver solid results for the last 6 months. The Hartford reported another strong quarter last evening, building on our solid momentum in 2010. In the first quarter, net income increased 60% year-over-year to $511 million or $1.01 per diluted share. Core earnings were $588 million or $1.16 per diluted share, an 8% year-over-year increase. We're pleased with the progress the company is making. As our results over the past 5 quarters demonstrate, we're building a track record of consistent performance from both an operational and financial perspective. This is particularly noteworthy given the quarter's tragic events in Japan. Our thoughts and prayers obviously remain with the Japanese people. Our 200-plus employees in Japan and their families are safe, and our team there is doing a tremendous job serving our customers. And I thank them for their dedication. Importantly, even at the worst of the market's reaction to the crisis in Japan, our hedging programs performed well and as designed. Previously, the company did not have the tools needed to dynamically manage the various market exposures in Japan on a daily basis. We have completed the development of these tools and they were effective during the market volatility that followed the earthquake. I'm pleased with the progress the team has made on developing a more comprehensive tail hedge for Japan. The tail hedge will limit The Hartford's downside risk under severe capital markets conditions, while preserving some of the upside should markets improve. The tail hedge will take advantage of the company's existing macro hedge positions, and the implementation costs will be reasonable. We remain very confident that the risk in Japan is manageable. Our Commercial P&C business had a very good first quarter. We're benefiting from The Hartford's competitive advantages in underwriting, product and distribution, as well as increasing U.S. business activity. P&C Commercial written premiums grew 9%, which was better than we expected, and was driven by strong retention and improved renewal written pricing, combined with economic exposure increases. We also continue to see strong results from the integration of our Group Benefits and P&C Commercial sales teams. Their joint sales efforts generated more than $40 million of incremental premium in the first quarter.  Now Chris will talk in more and detail about our GBD performance, which remains challenged. But our experience has been similar to the broader industry trends. In Consumer Markets, the team is focused on its strategy of profitably growing AARP, adding new profitable affinity partners and repositioning the agency business to a more profitable target customer. Disciplined pricing in underwriting are driving improvement in the current accident year combined ratio and we're pleased with this outcome. But on the other hand, the resulting impact to the top line, frankly, was larger than we expected. Chris will walk you through the drivers and our plan to address the decline. We're in very active discussions with several affinity partners and plan on signing at least one additional new partner in the second quarter. We also launched our marketing outreach to members of the American Kennel Club, an affinity partner we announced last quarter. Including AKC, we expect to have the ability to market to more than 5 million new affinity members by the end of the second quarter. Our goal is to generate about $200 million in written premium in 2013 through new affinity partnerships. Now before I turn to Wealth Management, I want to address the devastating storm activity we've seen in April. Our claims teams are on the ground working with customers. Based on the level of storm activity we have already seen, catastrophe losses in the second quarter may exceed last year's second quarter total of about $200 million. In Wealth Management, retirement plans, non-proprietary mutual funds and Life Insurance reported double-digit sales growth. Our strategy of combining innovative product development with a focus on broadening distribution is generating good results. In product innovation, we recently added the life industry's first longevity rider, which allows policyholders to begin receiving payments at age 90. So in conjunction with our popular Life access rider, we can now offer protection against all of the customers' major concerns: premature death, getting sick or outliving one's assets. The team is also working diligently towards the launch of the next offerings in our suite of variable annuity products. We were optimistic that we would be able to go to market as soon as this week, but our launch was delayed. The innovative nature of the new product features has led to extended conversations with regulators, which are ongoing. We are committed to the Annuity business and to developing a suite of products that offer attractive benefits for consumers, with an appropriate risk return profile for The Hartford. Since Dave Levenson took leadership of Wealth Management in July, the team has been investing in the Annuity business, adding top talent, spending time with distribution and revitalizing the product development efforts. And I'm excited about our pipeline of potential new products. So we are executing on the strategy we outlined last April and are operating with a much improved investment portfolio and capital position. In the first quarter, we took an important capital management action by doubling the dividend. And since the first of the year, we've been pleased to see 3 rating agencies upgrade our outlook. We are committed to prudent capital management. We are evaluating potential capital management actions and are beginning to have discussions with our key constituencies. In an environment of global financial and political uncertainty, the first quarter's results are a good start to the year. The team and I are focused on executing the strategy with the goal of delivering sustained, profitable growth. I'll now turn the call over to Chris. Chris?
Christopher Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 4.  As Liam mentioned, we feel very good about our first quarter results. Net income was up strongly over prior year at $511 million or $1.01 per diluted share. Core earnings were $588 million or $1.16 per diluted share. At the end of the first quarter, book value per share was $45.93; this was up 18% over prior year, and 3% during the quarter. Diluted book value per share, excluding AOCI, continued to decline, up 2% in the first quarter to $43.09. Core earnings return on equity, excluding AOCI, for the trailing 12 months was 9.1%. Now let's move to Slide 5 to discuss 2 of our key financial metrics, adjusted core earnings and the expense efficiency ratio. Adjusted core earnings were $494 million, a 9% increase over the first quarter of 2010. This calculation excludes two first quarter benefits, a DAC unlock of $61 million, strong growth in U.S. equity market and yen weakening more than offset the decline in Japan equities. In Property & Casualty, net prior year reserve releases of $33 million.  Our strong first quarter results benefited from partnership returns, healthy equity markets and better-than-expected top line growth in P&C Commercial. We're also seeing strong margin expansion in Consumer Markets, reflecting the pricing action we have taken. This was offset somewhat by a higher non-cat [catastrophe] weather in both consumer and commercial lines, and increased loss cost in GBD. Turning to the expense ratio, we've restated the 2009 measure to reflect primarily the completion of the sale of Specialty Risk Services, The Hartford's third-party claims administrator. Due to the nature of the TPA business, SRS operated with a relatively high expense ratio. So the sale lowers The Hartford's expense ratio, but without the corresponding bottom line impact. The new restated baseline for 2009 is 18.5%. A significant number of expense projects are underway at the company. We are implementing over $200 million in run rate expense reductions, which will contribute to achieving our goal by the end of 2012. Now let's move to a more detailed discussion of our business results, beginning with Commercial Markets on Slide 6. P&C Commercial lines performed well in the quarter, with written premiums up 9%. This was the third consecutive quarter of written premium increases. We saw economic exposure growth in improving pricing in the marketplace. Our standard commercial renewal price increases were 3%, up from 1% in each of the quarters in 2010. Retention was strong across standard commercial businesses. New business levels were up modestly, reflecting continued underwriting discipline. In terms of profitability, current accident year cat losses were 3 points on the combined ratio. The primary driver was winter storm activity.  P&C Commercial reported a 94.9% ex-cat current accident year combined ratio. This reflects elevated non-cat property losses, as well as underlying losses that were slightly higher than earned pricing increases. Pricing and loss cost trends remain within our expectations. As a result, we are maintaining our full year combined ratio guidance. In Small Commercial, we grew policy count by 5% over prior year, while achieving targeted rate increases. This reflects our outstanding market position, pricing model sophistication and new product introductions. In Middle Market we had solid retentions, while exposure growth was also positive. Pricing in Middle Market turned positive in the first quarter with 2 points of rate on renewal pricing. New business premiums were up 6% year-over-year. We are maintaining our full year written premium growth guidance of 3% to 6%. We are encouraged by increasing pricing and favorable exposure growth we saw in the first quarter. To the extent that these trends are sustained, we would expect to be near the top of our full year guidance range. The Group Benefit business remained extremely competitive. Fully insured premiums declined 2% year-over-year, and first quarter sales were down 18%. We continue to exercise the appropriate pricing discipline on both new and renewal business. Elevated claim incidences and long-term disability, again, impacted the bottom line. We are taking selected rate actions on renewals, zeroing in on the accounts that need price increases. As the economy continues to improve and our pricing actions earn in, we expect the loss ratio to improve. This will take time and the loss ratio will likely remain in the high 70s through this year. In summary, it was a strong quarter for Commercial Markets, with P&C Commercial lines reporting 9% premium growth and solid underwriting profitability. The Hartford's competitive advantages in product, pricing sophistication and distribution continue to drive disciplined growth. Now let's turn to Slide 7 for Consumer Markets. We continue to improve profitability in Consumer Markets by increasing pricing and refocusing our book on targeted customer segments. We saw an improvement in first quarter ex-cat, ex-prior year combined ratio, which is evidence we're on the right track. On the top line, our pricing increases continue to impact written premiums. Competition remains intense and with the economy in its current state, there is greater price sensitivity among consumers. In the first quarter, written premiums declined 6%. New business levels were soft and retention was down 2% year-over-year. We are taking a number of steps to improve new business flow. We are increasing marketing efforts in the most productive regions, refining rate actions and streamlining the underwriting and sales process. We should see new business growth in the second half of 2011. Even with these actions, we now expect written premiums to decline between 2.5% and 5.5% for the full year 2011.  Overall, Consumer Markets had a mixed quarter. We saw improvement in the ex-cat, current accident year underwriting margin, but our top line results were disappointing. We are on the right track in executing our strategy. Now let's discuss Wealth Management results on Slide 8. Excluding the impact of the DAC unlock, first quarter core earnings were up 24% over prior year. The trends that contributed to margin expansion in 2010 continued, rising equity markets, healthy investment income and top line growth in our non-VA businesses. First quarter core earnings for Global Annuity, ex-DAC unlock were $169 million, a 30% increase over prior year. Assets under management were $151 billion were largely unchanged from year end as rising equity markets offset net outflows. This quarter's 5% rise in the S&P reduced the value of living and death benefit guarantees, and contributed to a higher surrender activity. Our new net flow guidance incorporates the impact of increased account values and higher lapses. We are adding an additional $1.5 billion of outflows to our full year guidance. In addition, we are increasing our ROA guidance for Global Annuity by 4 basis points to reflect the strong investment income we saw in the first quarter.  The Life Insurance business posted another solid quarter. Ex-DAC unlock, core earnings were $55 million. This is up 12% from prior year, reflecting higher investment income, which was partially offset by elevated mortality. Individual Life sales were up 13% over prior year, driven by higher sales in our independent distribution channel. The Monarch program we introduced in 2010 continues to be a source of growth. 600 Monarch agents, among the largest independent producers in the U.S., generated about 16% of total Individual Life sales in the first quarter. Retirement plans continues to build on strong sales momentum. First quarter deposits were $2.9 billion, up 12% over prior year. This brings retirement plan's AUM to a record $55 billion. Sales of $1.4 billion were up 24% over prior year. We're seeing good growth in 401(k) sales and increasing traction in the tax-exempt and Middle Market segments. While still modest, sales through our P&C agents more than doubled over prior year to $76 million. Ex-DAC unlock core earnings were $17 million, up 70% over prior year. Key drivers include higher AUM, stronger investment income and expense discipline. We continue to build scale without adding additional operating expenses. Non-proprietary mutual fund AUM had a record $60 billion, helped by equity market appreciation and strong net flows of $1 billion. Retail mutual fund sales were up 15% over prior year. Core earnings of $27 million were in line with prior year. The Hartford mutual fund posted excellent performance again, with 68% of the retail funds outperforming their Morningstar peers during the first quarter. Mutual funds sales rose steadily and we expect this momentum to continue. As a result, we are increasing our full year guidance for deposits and net flows in our non-proprietary mutual funds by about $0.5 billion. In summary, our Wealth Management business had a strong first quarter with healthy sales momentum and improving profitability. Before we move to the next slide, I want to highlight our investment performance in the first quarter, which was a significant driver of the company's strong results. Net investment income on limited partnerships and other alternative investments was $100 million pretax in the quarter, which reflects an annualized rate of return of 21%. While we are very pleased with this quarter's results, we expect the remainder of the year to be closer to our long-term expectations of 8%. Higher interest rates led to an improvement in the portfolio of new money yield, which was 4.23%. We expect a gradual improvement in fixed income portfolio yields over time, provided we don't see a substantial decline in interest rate or spreads. Impairments in addition to the mortgage loan loss reserves remained low at $58 million in the quarter. Tighter credit spreads drove more than $400 million of improvement in our net unrealized loss position, and we ended the quarter with a net loss position of $161 million. Turning to Slides 9 and 10, let's review improvements in statutory surplus in the first quarter. In aggregate, U.S. statutory surplus was up about $400 million. P&C generated $400 million of capital. The sale of SRS contributed about $150 million, credit related impacts were positive $100 million, spread tightening and mark-to-market assets more than offset impairments and net trading losses. Non-annuity Life businesses generated $100 million of surplus. Net dividends to the holding company were $350 million. This includes the net proceeds from the sale of SRS. Holding company resources increased to $2.2 billion at the end of the quarter. VA-related impacts were essentially surplus neutral during the quarter. The details of the VA surplus changes are on Slide 10. As Liam mentioned earlier, we are very satisfied with the hedging programs performance following the earthquake and tsunami in Japan. Turning to Slide 11. As you would expect, strong equity market returns drove significant improvement across all U.S. Net Amount at Risk measures. In Japan, NAR has also declined. Yen weakening, particularly against the euro, was enough to overcome a 6% decline in the Nikkei. The reason why the impact of the Nikkei decline on surplus was so modest, is that only about 20% of the separate account assets are invested in Japanese equities. The balance of the assets are allocated roughly, 40%, global bonds; 20%, global equities; and 15%, Japanese fixed income. To clarify this for investors, we've included new disclosures on Page 68 of the first quarter 10-Q. Before I leave Slide 11, I want to provide an update on our risk management progress in Japan. Importantly, we now have the full set of analytical tools and models necessary to implement and manage a dynamic multi-Greek hedging program for our Japan VA risk exposures. These enable us to rebalance hedge positions daily and to model economic, GAAP, statutory surplus impacts under different capital market scenarios. These capabilities are similar to the ones we used to manage the GMWB hedging program in the U.S., with the added complexity of multi-currency inputs. We are using these tools to implement a comprehensive tail hedge program for Japan. The objective is to limit The Hartford's actual cash claim payments over the lifetime of the block to a manageable amount in the context of the company's capital resources, under severe capital market scenarios. At the same time, the tail hedge will preserve some of the upside potential in the VA block should markets continue to improve.  This approach will also work to limit short-term statutory surplus declines and tail events to acceptable levels in support of our long-term capital management objectives. We've consistently said that we are not managing our Japan VA exposures to eliminate point-to-point surplus volatility. That has not changed. We are currently holding hedge assets in our U.S. insurance companies for the entire Japan VA exposure. As a result, although we intend to develop hedging capabilities in Japan, initially you are likely to see more pronounced U.S. statutory surplus volatility when capital markets are volatile.  Our existing macro hedge protection is consistent with the design of the tail hedge program. Therefore, we will supplement the macro hedge with the mix of capital market instruments, beginning in the second quarter. As we have discussed previously, putting an incremental hedge protection will cost statutory surplus and capital impacts along with DAC impact. The actual impacts will depend on a number of factors, including timing of implementation and capital market conditions at the time we purchase protection. In any event, the impact will be modest in the context of the company's balance sheet and capital resources. As we move forward with the implementation of the program, we will update investors about these impacts and other details about the Japan VA block's overall performance. A more comprehensive hedging solution in Japan is an important consideration in developing our capital management program. So I'm pleased with our progress on that front.  We've also received positive news recently from 3 of the rating agencies, who completed their annual reviews of The Hartford during the first quarter. All of the reviews included upgrades of The Hartford's rating outlook to stable. The transition to stable ratings across the board is an important step. In addition, in the first quarter the company grew statutory surplus in its Life and P&C operations. Holding company resources have also increased. All of these are important steps towards potential capital management action, which we continue to evaluate and discuss with our key constituencies. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Richard Costello: Thank you, Chris. [Operator Instructions] Tierra, you may now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first response is from Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: First is around rate increases. Maybe you could help out, Liam or Chris, on the group business. How much rate increase are you getting? I know Chris had mentioned the loss ratio would be around 76% to 79% this year, but where does it take you next year on the loss ratio? And then the same question around the Commercial Property Casualty, could you give us a little color on where that 3% overall rate increase is coming? I think I heard Middle Market is getting 2%. How much are you getting in Small Commercial? How much are you getting in large and specialty? Maybe a little color around that.
Liam McGee: Andrew, I'm going to ask Andy Pinkes with Doug to take both of those questions.
Andrew Pinkes: It's Andy Pinkes. Let me start with Group Benefits. As you noted, it is a competitive environment in the benefits space right now and we are being rigorous with regard to our approach to pricing, managing our portfolio's profitability in total. As we've talked about in the past, really, price for us is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. We really use our pricing and scoring models to segment our book and really look at our book across the portfolio, to look at where we really need price and where can we give up price in terms of how we behave in the market. So it's not a one price, one increase across the portfolio. So we're being very disciplined in that approach. We're being competitive, but it's no doubt, competitive out there. You saw our sales come off about 18% in the first quarter. We are willing to walk away from newer renewal business that does not meet our expectations. That said, we're taking it one month, one quarter at a time. We're confident that we're making sound pricing decisions and we're going to continue to be thoughtful in our approach. I think as you know as well, really, only a portion of the book, really renews annually since our pricing actions were initiated in the middle of 2010, those rate increases are going to earn in over the contract periods, which in some cases will be multiple years. Turning to the P&C...
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: Wait, wait, Andy, so net-net, can you give me a bottom line on overall what you're doing and whether you feel comfortable that, that 76% to 79% range of loss can come down next year?
Andrew Pinkes: In our guidance, we are keeping our guidance. We believe that as the economy improves and as price earns in, we will continue to see some improvement. And over time, we'll see that ratio come down.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: So you're not going to give me the rate increases then on average?
Andrew Pinkes: Yes. I think, quite honestly, it is so segmented, that to give a number would not be useful. The reality is we're taking a segment that encroach across our book. So on the P&C point, what I would say to there is that, we are, first, very strong execution by our team in that market. Lots of focus on profitability and price in keeping with our market. I think in terms of what we're seeing, we've had a consistent track record of using, again, our pricing and scoring capability in the Small Commercial space to continue to appropriately take price in that market. The Middle Market space is certainly a more challenged space and has, what I can say, gone positive really for the first time in some time in terms of price. And so we're very encouraged by that. In some of the specialty businesses, there continues to be challenge and still some negative pricing there. But that's a transactional business, it's a lumpier business. But we're continuing to compete there and feel good about that business.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: Got it. And then, Chris, just quickly on the expense ratio at 17.6% in the first quarter. I just want to fine tune my number. Where do you expect that to get to by the end of '12? Is it 100 from there or 100 bps from there down?
Christopher Swift: Yes, exactly, Andrew. I mean, we still have the 200% overall goal, and all we've done is adjusted the starting point. So 200% remains the same. We have 100% to go roughly.
Operator: Your next response is from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Let me ask a question and then I'll let Ed Spehar ask a question on the Life side. I guess the question for me was on the accident year loss ratio and the consumer business, in the Property Casualty side, which I know you've been working on profitability there, but it was quite a dramatic increase when I would have expected any improvement to be a bit more gradual than that. Can you talk to that kind of quarter-over-quarter increase or improvement?
Liam McGee: Andy Napoli, who runs our Consumer Markets, will take that question.
Andy Napoli: Hi, this is Andy. Yes, we feel really good about our progress here. I think, when you go from a Q4, fourth quarter to first quarter comparison, we have to note upfront that there's a significant amount of seasonality. The fourth quarter tends to be much higher than any other quarter in the year. So probably the more relevant comparison point is from Q1 of last year to Q1 here, where we observed a pretty significant improvement there of about 2.6 points. So, really, the big driver there was earned pricing, continue to earn its way into the book as expected and we expect that to continue. Bodily injuries severity was less than expected, offset a little bit by increasing physical damage frequency, particularly in glass and towing. One might expect gas price increases to put some degree of downward pressure on frequency, but we'll see how that plays out.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. Chris, this is Ed Spehar. Just a question on statutory. The Hartford Life statutory earnings of $100 million, it looks like in the quarter. Is that a normal level or is that a little lighter than you would anticipate? Assuming that the markets go up in line with your pricing assumptions.
Christopher Swift: Ed, thanks for the question. I would say what we put on that slide is a combination of statutory and other non-statutory income related items. If you look at purely a blue book and see statutory net income, you'll see something higher in the $400 million to $500 million range, offset then by things that don't go through, income on the statutory blanks. So I wouldn't say the $100 million is an appropriate run rate for statutory net income for the Life company.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: What would you say, if we sort of think about that kind of dividend-able funds or cash flow from the Life company on an operating gain basis, after-tax number. What would be closer to normal in your view? Annual number or...
Christopher Swift: I would be happy to try to help you. But I think it's also important to say that we don't, really, our current tentative plan is not to take any money out of the Life company this year. I mean, we continue to build capital and surplus and we feel good about that. We don't have that much dividend-able capacity. I think we've disclosed in our 10-Q. So whatever the normalized, I'll call it, operating income, and I would put it roughly around $600 million to $800 million of, I'll call it, blue book statutory income. But just know the dividend limitations we have there.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Right. That's an after-tax number though, $600 million to $800 million, right?
Christopher Swift: Correct, correct.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Then one other statutory or book stat and GAAP, can you give us any sense of what the statutory and GAAP book value would be for the Japan VA business?
Christopher Swift: We could think about that and talk to you about it. But I don't have that number handy right now.
Operator: Your next response is from Suneet Kamath with Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I had a quick follow-up to Ed's question and then have a separate question. So, Chris, what explains the difference between the 400 to 500 of "blue book" stat earnings and then the 100 number that you mentioned. You said that it was offset by other items? Can you just, quickly, just walk through what some of those other items might be?
Christopher Swift: It's just really the unrealized hedge impacts, mark-to-market that go through the direct charge to surplus as opposed to P&L. And just to be clear, I think I said $600 million to $800 million of normal Life company statutory earnings, that's down from prior years, primarily due to Group Benefits business, that's still in Life's legal entity, having lower statutory surplus generation.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. Got it. Then, my other question was on the variable annuity product launch. I think there was a comment made earlier about perhaps the approval process taking a little bit longer with the regulators. Just wondering if you could provide any more detail in terms of what's really the issue there.
Liam McGee: Suneet, I'm going to ask Dave Levenson, President of Wealth Management, to handle that.
David Levenson: I would just say that, given the distinctive and innovative nature of the new products, it's taking more time than we anticipated to get through the regulatory process. That said, our annuity franchise goes much deeper than any one single product. As I mentioned on previous calls, we are working toward an all-weather, rational portfolio of products in 2012. We have other products already in the lab that we expect to launch this year. And overall, I'd say that we remain confident about our proportionate goal of $5 billion in sales in 2012.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. Then just one quick follow-up. So is it fair to assume, given the regulators are taking a little bit more time with this product, that the innovative product design, I mean, is something that does not exist today in the marketplace?
David Levenson: I think that is a fair assumption, yes.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay, terrific.
Operator: Your next response is from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Two questions, one on the commercial property side. I wanted to see if you guys can comment at all on the reserve releases you guys had there, which seemed modest, maybe relative to some of the other peers. And then any preview in terms of 2Q annual asbestos review?
Liam McGee: Andy Pinkes will take that.
Andrew Pinkes: Chris, Andy Pinkes. Let me start with prior year development. So, really, the way I think about that is our reserve position remains strong. I think as you know, our carried reserves continue to be greater than our actuarial indications. We have a very robust reserve process and our reserving actuaries are reviewing the P&C Commercial reserves, monthly and quarterly, using the most current claim data and taking actions where appropriate. So really that's the baseline I would say that we head into any particular period with. That said, there's no doubt the last couple of quarters and as you noted this quarter, have had smaller releases. I would say that the pace of it all, of those prior year releases, will really be determined throughout the year as a result of that reserving process as we move forward. And yes, we are in the midst of our ground-up annual asbestos review. That's a second quarter operation. And so we're in the middle of it and we'll report out to you at the end of the second quarter.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then one quick one on regulatory items. The CEO of one of your competitors last week had comments saying Washington keeps excluding the industry from some of the heavier regulations. So I wanted to see if you guys could just could provide some color on comments you guys may be having on the regulatory front?
Liam McGee: Well, Chris, this is Liam. As it relates to Dodd-Frank, I think, generally the outcome so far, understanding and acknowledging there's a lot more to be done and to be defined, have been generally constructive for the industry. There's more to go and I'm not sure we can make a definitive statement until we kind of get through the entire process.
Operator: Your next response is from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just have one question, a few of mine were already asked. But on -- you mentioned evaluating capital management initiatives. So I wanted to see if you could either give us some idea on the timing of when you would announce something or the timing of when you would know what the various -- the timing of when you would actually know what you're going to do and share that with the market. And then also, just related to that, what are the things that you are considering in terms of capital management and how would you view share buybacks versus retiring awards?
Liam McGee: Well, a couple of general comments, Jimmy. Thanks for the question first. The 11% target, if you will, is really, was always meant to be an indication that this management team is very serious about managing a capital and using our capital as efficiently as possible. Secondly, we're very intent upon getting the relationship between our average cost of capital and our returns in the right position. Today, they're not. And so we took the first action, the dividend as you know last quarter. As we suggested then, Jimmy, we will now begin or have begun to consider a variety of potential actions. As you recall, last quarter I talked about, it could be for the dividend actions, it could be share or warrant repurchases, it could be risk mitigation and it could be a variety of other things. All I would say at this point in time is that we are in conversations and beginning some conversation with other constituencies around a variety of things we may consider. I'm not really prepared to give you a timing right now, but I can -- rest assure, as we make those decisions we will let the market know immediately.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then, maybe another one, just on your margins and the personal lines of business. It seems like you had pretty good severity frequency trends, especially in the auto business. If you could just talk about whether you see it as a secular trend or is it more related to fuel prices being high and like, what you're seeing in terms of frequency, severity in personal lines?
Liam McGee: Jimmy, Andy Napoli will take that one.
Andy Napoli: Jimmy, yes, I mean, for auto, we expect baseline frequency will increase as the economy improves and miles driven increases. But I think what we have going for us is a pretty significant mix shift to a more preferred mix of business will largely offset that impact. In terms of severity, we expect that to increase moderately in '11, maybe a little bit below the long-term historical average. So you blend that together into a loss cost pic, we expect loss cost for us to be somewhat flat for the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Macquarie.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: I guess if I could, can I just expand on, Chris, your comments on the tail hedge. I mean, it sounds like you've done the analytics on the Japan VA block. It sounds like you're, at least, have set a strategy. I guess, just in terms of some of the details or at least the framework for how to think about it. I mean, I guess, how much volatility in Japan capital will this tail hedge allow or even U.S. capital for the reinsured block? And can you just give us any sense at all in terms of what kind of a cost we should be thinking about and what are the implications, particularly on the DAC balance of $1.6 billion?
Christopher Swift: Mark, it's Chris. Happy to try to respond. Yes, I would say that we have a good framework, a good strategy, a good, I'll call it, definition of what we're trying to accomplish from a number of different points of view. But at least, which is unimportant is sort of the deductible or the amount of risk that we still want to retain versus what we're going to ship off to the market. So what I -- we just can't share with you right now, because we just don't physically know, just as we build positions, what's the impact on, completely on statutory surplus and capital and DAC. Obviously, from baking those into the EGP streams. I think one point of clarification, I would like to point out to you, all these hedging instruments will be in U.S. legal entities, not on the Japan illegal entities. I think you and I have talked with others that we have about $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion of statutory capital in Japan, that's sort of unaffected by this. So all the hedging instruments, at least initially, will be put into the U.S. legal entities. And then over time, we might build out a more direct hedging program in Japan, too. But I think we'll know more as we build the positions here during the second and third quarter and we'll keep you posted on the impacts on statutory and GAAP.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: Okay. I guess, just a follow-up on Consumer Markets. I guess, how should we think about a pricing strategy? I mean, you're continuing to push rate, the PIF count continues to decline. It feels like maybe the market isn't kind of taking the rate increases. Is there any shift in how you're thinking about rate in the consumer markets in terms of stabilizing PIF, and when do you see that PIF count stabilizing?
Andy Napoli: This is Andy. Good question. As the year progresses, especially in auto, we expect our recent price increases to moderate. And homeowners, I think, there's going to be continued upward pressure on homeowners pricing. But auto is obviously a big driver here. As the pricing moderates throughout the year, we expect new business growth to turn positive in the second half of the year and retention to start increasing moderately by the end of the year.
Operator: Your next response is from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: A couple of quick ones. Just following up on Jimmy's question in a slightly different way on the capital management issue, Liam. Just maybe you can frame for us, if you -- if The Hartford did not, between now and the end of 2012, deploy capital in a buyback of stock or warrants or other. What's the differential as you look at that 11% ROE objective. What would it be, if you're not able to deploy at the same level that you're expecting embedded in the guidance?
Liam McGee: John, thanks for the question. Let's take a couple of steps back away. As I said to Jimmy, this team is very focused on managing and utilizing our capital as efficiently as possible. That's what the 11% target is all about, as well as lowering our average cost of capital and getting ROEs to exceed them. If you recall, the 11% target, if you will, is really for the tail end of 2012 to be at that rate. So we do have some time to get there. I'll reiterate what I said, and I think Chris has said consistently as well, is that it is -- it is through a combination of both the high single-digit earnings that we're targeting, which includes that efficiency improvement that Chris just discussed, and we're very confident we will achieve, as well as we believe we will have a variety of levers to pull either individually or collectively around capital management. So as we make those decisions and as I made clear in my remarks and we've been consistent on this, we're considering all those things. We're in conversations or beginning conversations with some constituencies around potential actions, and we'll let the market know that. Chris, I'll turn it to you in terms of John's other questions about the calculation.
Christopher Swift: John, I think I understand what you're trying to calculate. I think the simple answer is it just really depends, right? I think it would be unfair to put out any sort of with and without type of calculations right now, because there's a lot of moving parts in our balance sheet that we just need to go through, with some accounting changes that we'll have to implement. So it's really just very imprecise to even do it with and without calculations. I just prefer not to speculate at this time.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay, understood. I guess, just a quick follow-up then on the activities you're contemplating with respect to the Japan tail hedging. It sounds like we've got some incremental cost coming, I think in your words, Chris, manageable costs. But are those costs expected to be part of core earnings and does that then -- is that something that we need to contemplate as we think about EPS estimates relative to your guidance as we look out?
Christopher Swift: What I would just characterize, the incremental cost, directionally, and Liz Zlatkus is here too and she can give you more details of the final warrants on the program. But I think what we're targeting is, you think in terms of about 1/3 more protection that we'll build over a period of time here. As we build it, and again, depending on the form, the nature, price levels, we will incrementally include those in our EGP streams going forward. So I would say that the programs' cost, at least from our normal core earnings reflection will be reflected in EGPs over a longer period of time. The mark-to-market and positions will still be below the line, consistent with our current practice and I think, John, you see all the pieces and then you could put it together and make your own determination.
John Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: That's great. That's very helpful.
Operator: The next response is from the line of Darin Arita with Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: I was hoping to stick with Japan, and if you can give us a sense on what types of hedges that you're planning to put on to supplement the macro hedge? And then also, how we should think about the accounting effect of this?
Liam McGee: Darin, I think on the hedges, I'm going to ask Liz just to give a little bit of details and then, after you hear that, then follow-up on the specific accounting implications of really what you mean, because I don't think I understand fully what you mean, the accounting implications. So, Liz?
Lizabeth Zlatkus: So, first of all, I'm just going to sort of reiterate how we're thinking about this hedge. We feel that our current hedge today has worked very well. It's minimized our losses for statutory, it's allowed us to go through the market turmoil during the quarter and fare very well, and it's also allowed us to benefit from improved market conditions. Going forward, as Chris said, we're going to have a more comprehensive approach that's going to look at economic cash flows. So regardless of where the risk sits, we're going to be able to feel very confident that we can manage the claims level after our deductible to a manageable amount. And yet, we'll still be able to share in the upside. As Chris said, about 1/3 more coverage overall. And it will depend on, certainly, from options versus futures, we'll make that determination depending on levels of implied volatility. On average, I would tell you that we're very well protected on the currency side, so it would be more on the equity and interest rate protection that we'd be adding. And all in, again, I think it's a very, very good approach because it really gives us confidence we can manage our risk to acceptable levels and again, still share in the upside.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess on the accounting, I was thinking in terms of, if we're going to still have the mark-to-market go through this, show up as the way it does. I'm wondering, how that will -- what sort of volatility that might introduce, given the mark-to-market of these assets versus how the liability is set up?
Liam McGee: That's a great point and that's what we've alluded to and foreshadowed in our prepared remarks, is that given that the liabilities for Japan aren't mark-to-market, we have the one-sided mark gains or losses on the asset side that would be flowing through the, I'll call it, the U.S. books on statutory GAAP basis flowing through consolidated. So you're right, but that's just the nature of the accounting model, Darin.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, understood. And then, I guess, turning more towards the U.S. Annuity business. We're seeing surrenders go up quite a bit here. I'm just wondering if you're noticing any particular trends on policyholder behavior and the types of people lapsing, and how it might relate to the account value in or out of the money.
David Levenson: So, Darin, this is Dave Levenson. So lapses did increase to 14.4% in the first quarter, that is up from 12.8% in the fourth quarter, and that compares to, I guess, a normal range of 10.5% to 11.5%. So we have seen an uptick. I guess, I would relate the uptick to 2 specific things. One is a general aging of the book. Right now, we've got about 57% of our policies that are outside of the CDSC period. But more relevantly, I would say that as the markets are going up, more contracts moving from in the money to out of the money. And as a result, that is causing the lapses to go up. But, I guess, the upside of that is as markets go up, net-net, that is good for the organization. And we're also seeing about 40% of our lapses come from in-the-money contracts, so we are seeing an NAR reduction.
Operator: The next response is from Thomas Gallagher with Crdit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: One quick follow-up on Japan, then another one on the tax rate. So, Chris and Liz, is the right way to think about this, that you're willing to absorb more statutory capital volatility because you have, in your estimation, and probably the rating agencies' estimation, more than enough risk-base capital. So when you evaluate this, you're looking at the cost of holding on to more capital potentially versus the cost of paying up in the capital markets. And then right now you view self-ensuring as the better option and then buying the very deep out-of-the money protection as what you're implementing here. Is that a fair characterization or not on the Japan side?
Christopher Swift: Tom, it's Chris. I would say precisely. Again, we've always said we're balancing the economics. We're running the plays on the economic basis that will balance GAAP capital, statutory implications, and that's exactly the design that Liz and the team have come up with based on our framework.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And presumably, Liz, this is going to be a multiyear hedge program that more closely matches the duration the of the liabilities, is that in theory the way we should be thinking about this?
Lizabeth Zlatkus: Yes, absolutely. But that doesn't necessarily mean all the instruments will be multiyear, because you can always roll them. So we'll be looking at, like I said, at implied volatility levels and price points. But how you should think about it is, if you -- eventually stat will equal cash flows, right? So we're looking at it comprehensively on a cash flow basis, ultimate cash claims cost, limiting that to an acceptable level, irrespective of the risk factors. So you could be putting on, if rates move more, you'll put more rate protection on, or if equities, you'll do that. So it is to look at the long-term claim patterns to your point.
Liam McGee: Tom, I would also just add, again, with the discussions we have with Liz. Remember, the most important part of the exposure period is until annuitization also. So that a lot of the design in the hedging instruments x interest rates, which is a longer-term matter, is really FX and equity in the short term prior to people's election on annuitization is the primary focus of the program, also.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: And has the reaction from the rating agencies been -- did they understand that you're better matching the economics? Are they willing to let you have more statutory capital volatility and not make you hold on to more capital? Or is there the understanding that you're going to have to run it at a higher RBC, just because this is inherently going to create more, at least short-term, statutory capital volatility?
Christopher Swift: Great point. And like as Liam said, we're early in those discussions and those are important dialogues that will begin to happen.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. Then last question, can you just comment on what the tax rate you're using to calculate core EPS and what should we be modeling for the balance of 2011?
Christopher Swift: I would just point you to -- it's a little lower this quarter just because net income is a little lower. Nothing's really changed from an, I'll call it, an actual calculation side or the amount of preference items we have, Tom. So think in terms of 22% to 24% effective tax rate going forward.
Richard Costello: This is Rick Costello. We don't want to run too long given that we've got another industry call beginning at the top of the hour. So I'd ask that we take one more question and then we'll conclude.
Operator: Your final response is from Eric Berg [ph] for RBS Capital.[ph]
Unknown Analyst - : Chris, I know we've sort of said along here that the statutory capital volatility will increase as a result of your layering in more hedges prospectively. But why is that? And the reason I ask is as follows: My understanding is that you're currently booking reserves under this -- for these GMIB and GMDB benefits in Japan under U.S. statutory capital rules, namely what they call C3 Phase 2 and VA CARVM. This is something approaching, but not actually a mark-to-market. It's something like that, the so-called CTE approach. You're now going to layer in the use of additional derivatives that under statutory accounting will be mark-to-market. So it feels like, if anything, you will be supplementing your existing mark-to-market of liabilities with the introduction of new hedge assets that will also be mark-to-market, a move that I would think would lower statutory capital volatility, not increase it. Can you sort of set me straight on this? Because I was not able to follow the discussion as to why statutory capital volatility will increase.
Christopher Swift: Two, we could go on to a lot of detail offline on this, but I'd like you to think about, remember, it's Japan risk that is seated into the U.S. entity. So we have some basis risk there. It's not all of it. It's not all the income that's coming into the U.S. It's really the application of AG43 and VA CARVM and all that. There's a lot of technicalities that will create some initial, I'll call it, capital consumption that you'll have to assume and consume when we put in these positions, and then there is just volatility in how you run your AG43 models here going forward. Remember, we have an onshore program. We don't see this as offshore captives and we have actual surplus in our White River Re entities, back all these programs. So our U.S. program is just subject to a little bit more volatility the way we approach it.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, I'll definitely circle back to you.
Richard Costello: Thank you. And if there are no further questions at this time, it is 10:06. This concludes The Hartford's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Thank you so much, all, for your participation and we do look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andy Napoli - President of Consumer Markets David Levenson - President of Wealth Management and Chief Operating Officer of Hartford Life Insurance KK Christopher Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Andrew Pinkes - Acting Head of Commercial Markets Liam McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Finance/Investment/Risk Management Committee Richard Costello - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research Scott Frost - HSBC Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Angela, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Costello.
Richard Costello: Thank you, Angela. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for The Hartford's fourth quarter 2010 conference call. The earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday, and the slide presentation for today's call is available on the company's website. Chief Executive Officer, Liam McGee and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Swift will provide prepared remarks this morning, and we will finish with Q&A. Also participating on today's call are Dave Levenson, President of Wealth Management; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; Andy Pinkes, Acting Head of Commercial Markets; Greg McGreevey, Chief Investment Officer; and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to Slide 2 of the presentation, please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our 2010 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our 2009 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date.  Today's discussion of The Hartford's financial performance also includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, is provided in the Investor Financial Supplement for the fourth quarter of 2010 and in the press release we issued yesterday, both of which can be found on The Hartford's website. Now I will hand the call over to the Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee.
Liam McGee: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you saw in yesterday's announcement, The Hartford reported strong fourth quarter and full year 2010 performance. Over the last year, we've been intensely focused on executing our strategy, and today's results demonstrate the fundamental strength of The Hartford. I thank my Hartford teammates for their great work. In the fourth quarter, net income increased 11% year-over-year. For the full year, we reported net income of $1.7 billion or $2.49 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $2.93 per share in 2009. Core earnings for the fourth quarter were $526 million or $1.06 per diluted share. For full year 2010, core earnings per diluted share were $2.89. This represents a 56% year-over-year increase. Obviously, from all perspectives, this is a significant turnaround from 2009. Now while we have more to do, I feel good about the company's accomplishments and where we finished the year, as well as how The Hartford is positioned for 2011 and beyond. The Hartford's capital position is strong and improving. As Chris will cover in detail, by any measure, we ended the year with a strength in capital position. In December, we said we would begin to evaluate potential capital management actions. And yesterday, as you know, we announced a 100% dividend increase. Doubling the current dividend is a meaningful milestone and an important first step.  Going forward, we will prudently evaluate future capital management actions, which could include dividends, share and warrant repurchases, and de-risking transactions. The Investment portfolio is in good shape. This quarter, we saw the lowest level of credit losses in three and a half years and at the low end of the $50 million to $100 million range I discussed in December. Over the last 12 months, the net unrealized loss position declined by $4.4 billion, and the gross unrealized loss position was cut in half.  Municipal bond holdings have been top of mind recently. During 2010, we have been repositioning our Muni portfolio, reducing our positions in a number of the more challenged states and improving overall credit quality in this asset class. Going forward, we expect to see some price volatility in munis, and we will continue to dynamically manage this portfolio. During the fourth quarter, we also took actions to sharpen The Hartford's Business portfolio. In December, we announced a definitive agreement to sell specialty risk services for $278 million, as well as the closing of the sale of our Canadian Mutual Fund business to CI Financial. As you know, we said last April that we would regularly evaluate The Hartford's Business portfolio, and we are committed to that discipline going forward. The customer-focused organizational structure we launched over the summer is already contributing to our results. The Hartford has three business units: Commercial Markets, Consumer Markets and Wealth Management. Commercial Markets delivers The Hartford's capabilities targeting companies integrated into a single business largely focused on the same third-party distribution. We like this business model, as evidenced by the $70 million of sales realized last year through the combined efforts of the Group Benefits and P&C Commercial sales team. We're targeting about $100 million of additional new joint sales for 2011. The Hartford's leadership in Small Commercial will continue to be a growth driver with attractive pricing, granular risk assessment and strong growth in policies. Now middle-market P&C remains competitive. Our growth in that business remains careful and selective with pricing discipline, quality underwriting and a focus on areas that we understand. In that regard, the team's efforts to grow profitably by targeting industry verticals are also bearing fruit. As an example, in 2010, the Middle Market business wrote nearly $150 million of premium for health care customers, nearly double what it did in 2009.  Overall, we're seeing early signs of economic improvement in P&C Commercial, particularly with small businesses. Audit and endorsement premium are both up year-over-year and sequentially, and we're confident that sustained exposure growth will emerge in 2011. Profitability in the Group Benefits business remains challenged by elevated claims incidence in long-term disability. In response, we are taking appropriate price increases.  In Consumer Markets, we've stopped mass marketing P&C Personal Lines and are focusing on our AARP relationship, adding new affinity partners and the attractive 40-plus age demographic segment. You can see the effect of this sharper focus in the fourth quarter results. Consumer Markets written premium is down with the transition to a more profitable book of business. And we expect recent pricing increases will drive improved underwriting margins in 2011. In the fourth quarter, we announced a new affinity relationship with the American Kennel Club. AKC has all the elements of an ideal affinity partner, strong brand name with significant growth potential, loyal and committed members, and multiple product opportunities. The Consumer Markets business has a strong pipeline of additional affinity opportunities and expects to announce several new relationships during 2011. The Hartford has strength in the Wealth Management market with individual life insurance, annuities, mutual funds and retirement products. Key elements of our growth strategy include expanding distribution, targeting business owners and building a profitable and competitive suite of annuity products.  In 2010, Individual Life sales in the independent channel exceeded sales through banks and wire houses for the first time ever. Through the Monarch program we introduced last year, we sold $18 million in life insurance. We've signed up more than 500 of the nation's largest independent producers. And every one of them, notably, has submitted at least one application. We're also having success selling life insurance through our P&C channels and expect about $25 million in sales in 2011.  In retirement plans, our commercial P&C sales channel has grown to be the fifth largest distributor of our 401(k) products. We have $230 million in sales through those channels in 2010, and we expect over $300 million this year. So these results in life insurance and retirement plans demonstrate some of the new ways we are leveraging our multiline structure. In mutual funds, deposits recovered after a bumpy third quarter for industry equity fund closed. With rising equity markets and strong deposits, assets under management and our nonproprietary mutual funds are at their highest level ever.  In variable annuities, the team is on track with the next product for the rational suite of products we are developing. Now given where we are on the regulatory process, I'm not going to go into details, but we expect a late second quarter launch. Our goal remains the same: to sell products that are good for customers and for The Hartford. So we accomplished a great deal in the fourth quarter and 2010 with improved profitably, a stronger capital position and greater focus. The businesses are executing their strategies with discipline and urgency, which we are confident will leverage The Hartford's overall strengths in product, distribution and customers, and in doing so, realize the unique benefits of the diversity of our multiline businesses. But there is more for us to do. Chris will provide more detail on Japan, but as I said in December, the risk is manageable, and we have time to do so. We have already taken a number of actions to mitigate some of the period-to-period surplus volatility, and we will put in place a comprehensive hedging strategy designed to enable the company to retain some of the economic upside from a market recovery, while limiting the downside to acceptable levels. In doing so, we will prudently balance economics, risk and capital. We're looking forward to another year of strong performance in 2011 with a plan of 8% adjusted core earnings growth over 2010. Our outlook reflects expectations for a gradual but steady economic recovery. The plan also positions us to achieve our 2012 financial targets. So in summary, The Hartford had a strong finish to a very good 2010. We delivered another quarter of steady profitability, consistent operating performance and strong execution. With confidence in the company's capital position and business outlook, we have taken a first capital management action by doubling the dividend. We know we still have work to do and are committed to building on our momentum in 2011 and beyond.  And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 4. As Liam said, the fourth quarter was a great finish to 2010. We posted net income of $619 million or $1.24 per diluted share. Core earnings were $526 million or $1.06 per diluted share. Earnings were driven by steady operating performance, as well as strong investment results and rising equity markets. At the end of 2010, book value per share was $44.44. This is up 14% over prior year and down 3% sequentially, due to rising interest rates in the fourth quarter. Diluted book value per share, excluding AOCI, continued its steady climb increasing 2% in the fourth quarter to $42.40 on healthy net income. Now let's move to Slide 5 to discuss adjusted core earnings and the expense ratio. For the fourth quarter, adjusted core earnings were $451 million or $0.91 per diluted share. As a reminder, 2010 adjusted core earnings serve as the baseline going forward for our 2012 earnings growth target. This excludes two items: a DAC unlock benefit of $48 million, a net prior year reserve releases in Property-Casualty of $27 million. Given the strength of global equity markets, the DAC unlock was smaller than you may have expected. The primary reason was rising interest rates, which caused the value of fixed income securities in the separate accounts to decline. Adjusted core earnings for the full year 2010 were $1,768,000,000. This is a very good result and demonstrates the underlying earnings power of the company's businesses. On the same basis, the adjusted core ROE, excluding AOCI for 2010, was 8.7%. This calculation excludes the impact of the CPP repayment in March. For the expense ratio, we ended the year with an 80 basis point improvement compared to 2009. As we said last quarter, the efficiency ratio should be relatively flat in 2011. We intend to fund growth and efficiency initiatives in 2011, which will offset improvements in the underlying expense run rate. However, these investments will help position us to achieve the full 200 basis point improvement by the end of 2012. Now let's move to a discussion of our business results beginning with Commercial Markets on Slide 6. P&C Commercial lines performed well in the quarter. The top line continued its recovery with written premiums up 4% over prior year for the second consecutive quarter. Underwriting profitability remains solid. P&C Commercial reported a 95% ex-cat [catastrophe] current accident year combined ratio. This includes three points of reserve strengthening for the first nine months of 2010. We slightly increased loss ratios because actual pricing increases ran short of our plan. When you back out prior-quarter adjustments, the underlying result for the fourth quarter was a 92% combined ratio. For full year 2010, the ex-cat current accident year combined ratio was 93.4%. This is at the midpoint of our original 2010 guidance, and a very disciplined result at this stage in the pricing cycle. Turning to 2011, we expect the combined ratio to be flat to slightly higher, reflecting small earned pricing increases and slightly higher loss cost. This range of underwriting profitability will position us to meet our earnings growth targets for 2011 and 2012.  On the top line, we continue to see the positive trend that began in the third quarter. Much of the growth is coming from small commercial. Our outstanding market position in new product introductions have enabled us to take rate and to continue to grow policy count. We are taking a measured approach in Middle Market, where the pricing environment is much more competitive.  In addition, we again saw improvement in exposures across the P&C Commercial lines. Order premiums and endorsements are all improving over the prior year. For 2011, we expect written premium growth between 3% and 6%. This reflects three primary drivers: first, one to two points of exposure growth; second, one to two points of written pricing increases; and third, policy count growth in small commercial. In Group Benefits business, the fourth quarter profitability was challenged by elevated claims incidence in long-term disability. As you know, we began implementing price increases in disability in the second half of 2010. These actions will improve profitability, but this will take time. As a result, our guidance for Group Benefits loss ratio in 2011 is similar to that of 2010.  In summary, it was a good end of the year for Commercial Markets, with P&C Commercial lines reporting written premium growth and solid underwriting profitability in the quarter. Now let's turn to Slide 7 for a discussion of Consumer Markets results. In Personal Lines, we are executing the strategy we set out in April, bringing greater focus to our agency book of business, improving profitability over time and positioning ourselves to grow. On the top line, written premiums declined 6% in the fourth quarter, driven by rate and underwriting actions. We again took meaningful rate in the fourth quarter, with renewal pricing increases for auto and home of 7% and 10%, respectively. We plan to continue to take rate increases in 2011, but at a more modest pace. We expect mid-single-digit increases in auto and high single-digit increases in home. For 2011, we expect written premium to be flat to slightly down. Our actions to re-underwrite the agency book of business will be substantially complete by the end of 2011.  Consumer Markets profitability in the fourth quarter was impacted by heavy cat activity, driven by the Arizona hailstorm we mentioned on last quarter's call. Excluding cats, the current accident year combined ratio was 96.8%. For the full year, the ratio was 93.6%.  Looking ahead to 2011, we expect to generate about three points of margin improvement. This reflects the substantial pricing increasing we have taken in 2010 and our expectations for modest loss cost increase.  In summary, we are doing what we set out we were going to do in Consumer Markets. We are taking appropriate rate in underwriting actions. We expect to see meaningful combined ratio improvement in 2011, and we're focusing our efforts on expanding the AARP program in growing our affinity pipeline. Now let's discuss Wealth Management results on Slide 8. Ex-DAC unlock, core earnings were up 23% over prior year. Rising equity markets, strong limited partnership returns and top line growth in our non-VA [variable annuity] businesses drove improved margins.  For global annuities, core earnings, ex the DAC unlock were $193 million, a 13% over prior year. The Life Insurance business posted another strong quarter. Ex-DAC unlock, core earnings were $51 million. Mortality was slightly favorably in the quarter, which is offset by higher expenses. The increase in expenses reflect timing differences and a couple of one-timers. Individual Life insurance sales increased 7% over prior year. As Liam noted in his comments, we're getting a lot of traction in the independent channel with the Monarch program.  Retirement plans had another great quarter. Deposits were $2.1 billion, up 13% over prior year, bringing total AUM to a record of $52.5 billion at the end of 2010. Indications for 2011 deposits are also positive, as we had a record fourth quarter for new plan sales, up a full 20% over prior year. With sales momentum and a little tailwind from healthy equity markets, we could hit the $10 billion mark in deposits in 2011.  In mutual funds, deposits totaled $4.1 billion, a strong recovery from the third quarter. Retail mutual fund deposits were up 7% over prior year. Total mutual funds AUM ended 2010 over $100 billion for the first time. The Hartford mutual funds posted excellent performance in the fourth quarter, with 78% of the retail funds outperforming their Morningstar peers.  In summary, we're entering 2011 with a pipeline, top line momentum and healthy margins in life insurance, retirement plans and mutual funds. And we're excited about the VA product launch later this year. Now please turn to Slide 9 for a review of The Hartford's year-end capital position. The Hartford's capital position improved in 2010 by any measure. The Property & Casualty companies ended the year with $7.7 billion of statutory surplus, up $400 million net of $800 million of dividends upstream to the holding company in 2010. The P&C capital margin was $1.8 billion above AA levels, unchanged from prior year. The U.S. Life operations ended the year with surplus of $7.7 billion, up $400 million during 2010. Our estimate of Hartford Life and Accident 2010 RBC ratio is approximately 435%. This reflects statutory surplus of $6.6 billion at HLA, up from $6 billion at the end of 2009. The White River Captive reinsurer ended the year with an estimated RBC ratio of 180%, well above the targeted level. In total, the U.S. Life operations finished 2010 with a margin of $2 billion above our targeted RBC levels. The holding company ended the year with $2.1 billion, virtually unchanged from year end 2009. The bottom line, The Hartford grew stronger from a capital perspective in 2010. We repaid the CPP funds, statutory surplus grew over $750 million, total capital margins increased by $600 million and debt-to-equity levels and debt coverage ratios improved from their post CPP levels. All this while maintaining over $2 billion at the holding company. Now let's turn to Slides 10 and 11 for more detail on the fourth quarter changes in statutory surplus. In aggregate, statutory surplus was up about $300 million. The key drivers were VA-related surplus, which grew $200 million. Credit-related impacts were essentially flat. P&C statutory income of $300 million, about half of which was upstream to the holding company. Our Non-annuity Life businesses consumed about $100 million of statutory surplus. This includes a small net increase in reserves related to fixed annuities and institutional spread businesses in the quarter, reflecting the impact of low interest rates. This brings the total increase for 2010 to approximately $400 million. Now let's move to Slide 11 to briefly examine the VA surplus impacts. Most of the information on this slide is self-explanatory, so I'll cover the highlights. VA-related statutory income, excluding changes in reserves and hedge assets, contributed about $200 million. Statutory VA liabilities improved $900 million, driven by global equity market strength, higher rates, partially offset by yen strengthening. Hedge assets declined $900 million, as well, due to the same market forces that drove the improvement in the liabilities. Looking forward, we have extended and modified our currency hedging for 2011 using short-term forward hedges. We moved to a forward-based program in 2011 because we concluded that it provided a better risk return profile in the near term. Last quarter, I estimated the quarterly cost of the remaining macro hedge equity options at $65 million through the end of 2011. I want to clarify that that $65 million figure was a pretax number. As of the end of 2010, the remaining value of the equity option is about $200 million. The value declined in the fourth quarter due to strong equity market performance. Therefore, the quarterly cost for 2011 is about $50 million pretax. Of course, this does not include mark-to-market gains and losses related to our forward and futures positions. Now let's turn to Slide 12 and spend a few minutes on our Japan business. I want to make three points about our Japan book today. First, the Japan risk is manageable. Second, we have the benefit of time as policy holders can't begin to annuitize their income benefits and material amounts before 2014. And third, while continuing to hedge with our macro program, we are reviewing a number of risk mitigation strategies with the intention of implementing a more comprehensive and dynamic solution over time. Slide 12 contrasts the recent changes in net retained amount of risk for the U.S. and Japan VA blocks. In the U.S., strong equity markets in the fourth quarter capped a year of recovery. As a result, the net amount at risk measures in the U.S. declined significantly for both the quarter and the year. GMDB net amount of risk in Japan rose in 2010. There are three reasons for this. First, Japanese equities were relatively flat during 2010, weaker than the S&P performance. Second, a larger percentage of the Japan book is invested in fixed income securities. These investments underperformed global markets in 2010. And third, the yen strengthening, about 12% against the dollar and 19% against the euro during the year.  Slide 12 also clarifies a potential point of confusion. The net amount at risk for our GMIB product is not identical to the death benefit NAR primarily because about 15% of the policies-in-force have only a death benefit feature.  Finally, it's critical to remember that a policy owner may receive a death benefit or an income benefit, but not both, so the NAR amounts are not additive. Now let's turn to Slide 13 and take a closer look at The Hartford's GMIB products. In the typical GMIB product, at the 10-year contract anniversary, the policy holder may elect to withdraw the account value without penalty. They may elect to annuitize or they may do nothing and maintain their benefits. If the policy holder elects to annuitize and the account value is worth less than the original amount invested, they receive a payout annuity of the original premium amount in equal installments over the next 15 years without interest. That's a critical point in understanding The Hartford's obligations in Japan. There is no interest component to the payout annuity over the next 15 years. It's also important to understand how the money moves. At annuitization, the separate account assets are liquidated, and the proceeds are transferred to The Hartford's general account. We can invest those funds and generate a return during the payout period. As the chart on Slide 13 shows, the GMIB block in Japan will reach the annuitization window over the 12 years beginning 2013, with more than 2/3 between 2014 and 2017. This gives global markets time to continue to recover. It also provides us with time to deploy investment strategies to generate future yields on these assets. Now let's turn to Slide 14 for a brief look at a simple 2010 profit and loss statement for the Japan VA block. The key point is that the Japan business is generating almost $1 billion of fee and other revenues a year. This provides a lot of capacity to fund reserve increases, DAC amortization, operating expenses, as necessary over the coming years. I hope this detail about Japan is helpful. As I've said, we are confident that the Japan risk is manageable. With the yen and interest rates at levels we do not believe are sustainable long-term, we have been managing tail risk in Japan with short-term derivatives. We intend to put into place a more comprehensive and dynamic solution designed to enable the company to retain some of the economic upside from the market recovery, while limiting the exposures to acceptable levels at the appropriate time. Now let's turn to slide 15 to discuss guidance. As we announced last evening, our 2011 plan calls for core earnings per diluted share between $3.70 and $3.90. Slide 15 includes all the key assumptions underlying the guidance, including the full year diluted share count of 503 million shares. At the midpoint, our EPS range equates to adjusted core earnings growth of 8% in 2011 against the baseline of $1,768,000,000. This leaves us well-positioned to achieve the company's 2012 earnings growth targets. Going forward, The Hartford's guidance will focus more on adjusted core earnings. Rather than providing quarterly updates to our EPS outlook, going forward, we will comment on how we are tracking against adjusted core earnings growth targets. This will better align our guidance to how we are managing the company, plus adjusted core earnings provides a more accurate picture of the run rate earnings power of the company.  In addition, we will continue to provide detailed operating driver guidance, which we will update quarterly. Bottom line, our 2011 plan calls for healthy growth over 2010, and we are confident that the company is on track to meet its earnings growth targets we've established for 2012. We're also targeting an 11% core return on equity by the end of 2012. There are two key drivers to achieving this target: first, executing on our core earnings goals over the next two years; second, as Liam discussed, we will prudently evaluate future capital management actions over time. So the key takeaway is that this management team is operating the firm focused on running our businesses well and prudently managing the balance sheet to achieve the 11% core ROE target.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Richard Costello: Thank you, Chris. Before we begin the Q&A session, I would ask callers to limit themselves to two questions. Operator, you may now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You raised the dividend. I think it's about $100 million of additional spending than before. So maybe, if you could address, what would have to happen for you to get comfortable enough to start buying back your stocks? And then secondly, on just your annuity product, if you could talk about your new product strategy, what type of a product do you plan on introducing? I think -- does it had some equity component in it and a living benefit? And tell us about when it could begin to contribute to your deposit growth.
Liam McGee: Jimmy, this is Liam, I'll take the first question, and then I'll ask Dave Levenson to take the question on the variable annuity new product. Jimmy, first of all, we think that the dividend doubling is a significant milestone for The Hartford and an important first step, as I said in my prepared remarks. I'd also say the context for us looking at any capital management activities is really prudent balance sheet management and prudent capital management action. We're obviously just having implemented the dividend increase. We're in the very early stages of our thinking about prospective next steps. I gave you a fairly complete list of things we might consider, but quite frankly, it's too early for us to kind of get into next steps.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Is it reasonable to assume that buybacks are unlikely this year?
Liam McGee: As I said, Jimmy, we're in the very early stages of our thinking, and I think I gave you a sense that both management and the board will continue to evaluate that. And I gave you a sense of the prospective actions we might consider. I really am not prepared to say any more at this time.
David Levenson: Jimmy, this is Dave Levenson. On the annuity question, I would say that we're in the middle of our regulatory filings. So I can't really provide a lot of comments as far as what that product will look like. I will tell you that we are on track for a second quarter launch. So as far as when this product will start contributing, it should start contributing to our sales in the second half of 2011. And as we said multiple times, this is just one of several products that we will have in our lineup as we kind of construct a portfolio of rational products by 2012.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Could you comment on whether the product would have any equity-based guarantees or equity-based living benefit?
David Levenson: Jimmy, again, we're in the midst of the filings, so I'd rather not at this time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Edward Spehar Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Chris, I have a couple of questions on hedging. Just to clarify what you said, in terms of the macro hedge, are you saying that for currency and equity market, you're thinking $50 million per quarter pretax in '11?
Christopher Swift: I think the point of clarity is that the equity in protection, I think in terms of $50 million pretax per quarter in '11 and that the FX portion, given that we moved a substantial portion of it to futures, I didn't really give you a cost. But there is, I'll call it, data out there that we provided in the Q, sort of the percentage move for market activities. I think you might be able to calculate that on yourself for each percentage yen move.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: What was the comparable number that you had talked about for the equity piece on the last call?
Christopher Swift: As we said in our prepared comments, we said $65 million. So it came down slightly.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: And both of those were pretax?
Christopher Swift: Yes.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: This is, I think, at least, the second quarter in a row where the change in statutory reserves and the change in the hedge assets were about the same. And I guess, my understanding was that there was part of the reason that you would have a captive is that there was a difference in sort of how those two pieces move. So what am I missing on that?
Christopher Swift: I don't think you're missing anything. I mean we would sort of expect it to be fairly correlated. I think the only, I'll call it, economic thing that we've talked about in the past is you might have some differences on interest rates, but generally, things are fairly well correlated right now.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: But is that because of the captives here or is that something else?
Christopher Swift: No. It's not the captive.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess my point is I thought the reason to have a captive is that if you have the hedge assets and the reserves at the mark-to-market on hedge assets is more real time versus not the same mark-to-market or the reserves so that you can have a mismatch when the market moves. That's not correct?
Christopher Swift: Not with our design.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: The next question is on the statutory cushion that you talked about $2 billion for the Life operations. How is that calculated?
Christopher Swift: That is, again, our traditional, we call it, stress scenario RBC level at 325.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: So that's like roughly, that's a little bit more than $1.5 billion, I guess, at Hartford Life and Accident and the rest is the captive?
Christopher Swift: Yes, I would say the captive. As I said in my comments is that, at 180, that's above our targets of 125.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Macquarie.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: Liam, in your opening remarks, you talked about the use of capital as potentially on de-risking strategies. I understand the macro hedge on kind of on the annuity block, on the global annuity block. But I guess, can you just elaborate on what kinds of things you were alluding to in that comment?
Liam McGee: I'm going to pass it off to Chris here in a second to give you a little detail on what we may be thinking about. But I do want to bring the context that, that was just a list of possible things we would consider, not necessarily anything we have decided. And I'd reiterate what I said in my response to Jimmy's question that we are -- having made the dividend decision, we're in the very early stages of our thinking about prospective next steps. So with that context, I'll turn it over to Chris to comment a little bit more specifically, if he wants.
Christopher Swift: Particularly, I think I heard the question on related to de-risking. I think what we would say, Mark, is that to de-risk, to continue some of our actions will require a certain outlay of capital and earnings over a period of time. So when we speak about having the earnings and capital to do that, it's just a function of how much and when are we going to start to significantly de-risk.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: Just on Consumer Markets, I'm just thinking about the combined ratio guidance of 89% to 92%. The fourth quarter combined ratio is a little elevated, close to 97%, but the trailing four quarters was in the 94% combined ratio range. I understand the rate increases, and I understand they're moderating a little bit, but why is it a realistic expectation for that to come in as much as we have it coming in as a baseline assumption?
Andy Napoli: This is Andy Napoli talking. Before I address that, I'd like to provide some context around what's brought us to this point consistent with the April strategy. We are deliberately and very intentionally narrowing our focus in Consumer Markets in a way to deliver consistent profitable growth. We'd have to take some pretty tough actions. We've imposed significant underwriting restrictions in agency and taken rate where needed to get on top of loss trends. And when you go in into that, that our top line would be sort of impacted by that. So all difficult things to do but necessary. So from a profitability perspective, 2010, we talked about the written rate earning in throughout 2011. And we view that as the single most, the largest driver of hitting our profit target. To add to that, the profitability will also benefit from a fairly dramatic mixed shift to more preferred segments with lower frequency profiles. So that, coupled with the rate increases, gets us to our profit target.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: How much of the Consumer Markets business would you characterize as core today versus what you would classify as maybe non-core?
Andy Napoli: Core today?
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: The over 40, the AARP, et cetera.
Andy Napoli: AARP is certainly core, right, so that's $3 billion right there. And then with an agency, the way we talk about it is 80% of our business that we're writing today is hitting that segment. So still some cleaning up to do there. [ph] (01:01:51)
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Darin Arita with Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: I have a question on the efficiency ratio. It went up for the full year to 18.3%. I think we're running at 17.9% for the first nine months. So I was wondering if expenses in the fourth quarter were higher than normal.
Christopher Swift: Darin, this is Chris. I would just say it's just fourth quarter seasonality. Again, the data we see, there isn't anything unusual except for the year-end accruals and true-ups. So I think we should still feel very confident that we'll achieve that 200 basis point improvement.
Liam McGee: Darin, this is Liam. I would just add a little bit to what Chris said. We feel more confident today about hitting the 200 basis point efficiency improvement by the end of 2012 than we did when we announced that target in April of last year. I totally agree with Chris' description that we're just in timing differences in the fourth quarter. But we've got a lot of great work going on, and you'll see the fruits of that in our run rate toward the latter part of '12.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: Turning towards the Commercial Market segment, reserve releases were a lot smaller this quarter. Can you talk about how you're thinking about reserve adequacy there?
Andrew Pinkes: This is Andy Pinkes. Heres really how I think about that. Really our reserve position overall remains very strong. Our carried reserves continue to be greater than our actuarial indications. Our carried reserves versus actuarial indications, if you look at our Ks ([ph] (01:02:45) or if you look at the IFS, have really remained very steady over the last several years. So we feel very good about that strength of our reserve position. And to also add to that, we have a very robust reserve review process, and so we've got actuary certainly in the reserving sectors, but also in our pricing and claim areas who are getting really quick and accurate current claim data and trend, so we can take appropriate action. So really that's our baseline in terms of how we think about it. And then as we go into the year, the pace, if at all, of prior-year reserve development will be determined as a result of our reserving process as we proceed through the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Question, I guess, for Liam. Can you talk some about conversations you're having with the rating agencies regarding capital stability and deployment? From the past, you've targeted the 325% RBC and wanted to see if you've received any indication that that number needs to move higher. I guess the reason being is a number of your competitors have alluded to the agency's kind of being comfortable with where RBC ratios stand today. But that any future capital deployment needs to be done with future capital generation and not what's currently on the books.
Liam McGee: I'll make a couple of comments and then I'll ask Chris to provide some more detailed flavor. Our conversations with the rating agencies, as you would expect with all important constituents, were really about the dividend action, that first step that we took. And as I said earlier, we're in a very early stage of thinking through other prospective actions in '11 and in '12. I'd also remind you to your question that the 325% is only a stress scenario number. And that the firm, as Chris noted today, is running at about 435 basis points, as we currently speak. So, Chris, you want to add any flavor?
Christopher Swift: Sure. We have good and active conversations with the rating agencies throughout the year. I think as Liam really context the capital management actions, we're early in our thinking. So there really hasn't been any substantive discussions about our specific facts and potential actions. And we'll approach that when it is necessary with them. And we also said that we did consult with them on the dividend and, obviously, we took the actions we did.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then one quick one for Dave. I appreciate that you can't comment sort of on the new VA product until you get the approval. But what, I guess, simplistically gives you the confidence that the new product will kind of address the meaningful weakness in sales you've seen and get you closer to your desired annuity capacity?
David Levenson: Just given where the demographics are and what our research tells us, this product will be complementary to our PRM product, which we are still going to sell. It's just going to go after a different segment. So I think the fact that it's going to be complementary going after a different segment makes us feel good that we can achieve the sales levels that we have talked about in the past.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Thomas Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: I wanted to touch on the hedge cost just so I understand exactly what's going on. The $200 million pretax, Chris, is for the equity puts you're buying?
Christopher Swift: Yes. We call it our macro equity protection that we put into place and extended in April through the end of 2011.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: So those are one-year puts? And you were previously buying yen puts, and now you're using yen futures, is that -- that's what's changed?
Christopher Swift: Yes, right.
Scott Frost - HSBC: And I appreciate you haven't sort of articulated a cost associated with that, but if you were previously spending, I think, it was $50 million to $65 million a quarter, do you view there being an economic cost associated with the program you've moved to? Or is it essentially -- do you think of the futures not necessarily having a cost, really just being dependent on the direction of the currency? Because obviously, with the premium outlay on the puts, that's very direct. We can measure it. How do you think about that change, and what it's costing The Hartford?
Christopher Swift: I think it's a good important point. There is economic cost to this, we know that. And again sort of the risk return profile in the short term as we continue to work on our larger, as I said, dynamic solution. We just view this was the most effective at this point in time. But we do know, there is economic cost as markets move around and maybe economic benefits if there's more yen strength.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: Can you just indicate in terms of the, I guess, the range of options you are considering. I don't know, this is either for Chris or Liam, in terms of the potential risk solutions for Japan, should we be thinking about the timing associated with something like this? Is it really dependent on if the yen were to weaken materially, that would give you a much better window to implement a comprehensive solution, or is it more you need to build more capital? I just want to get a sense for where your head is at in terms of thinking about the variables we should be looking at?
Christopher Swift: I think you ought to think in terms of what we're thinking is sort of what is the amount of tail protection we would want, which implies we're trying to size sort of our risk appetite to retain a certain level of risk in broad market levels, whether it be equity markets, whether it be interest rates or yen. At what levels do we want to start to put on significant amounts of whats called [ph] (01:09:32) structure protection?
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Andrew Kligerman with UBS Securities.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: Around the property casualty area, and some of it was touched on, but when I read in your writeup that you've gotten 7% rate increase in Auto, 10% in Homeowners and then shifting over to Commercial, you've got 1% there. I spend more of my time focused on the Life sector. But the feedback I get from more P&C focused people is that this is not really consistent with what they're seeing in the market. So it'd be great if you could give a little granularity, a little color on where you're getting the rate increases in commercial and then the same thing on consumer?
Andy Napoli: Andrew, this is Andy Napoli with Consumer. So when you look at the rate increases that are implemented across the board and communicated by all the carriers and you start -- we decompose those, and so that's more of a consistent view of what's happening with price. Our conclusion is that we're more in line with our competitors than that. How these are implemented vary greatly from state to state, segment to segment. So I think we're more in line than you think.
Andrew Pinkes: Andy Pinkes on Commercial. So the way I think about it is for standard commercial, we are plus-one for price. We frankly view there's some real strong execution by us in the market as we've been disciplined in our underwriting in our approach. In addition, there's no doubt that our Small Commercial business, which is an incredible franchise, has performed very well. We have very sophisticated pricing analytic tools there, which we use. And playing into that segment of the market has been very successful for us in terms of profitability as well as growth.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: Is most of the rate increase coming from Small Commercial? Is that really where it's coming? And are there any product areas that you're getting rate increase in particular in?
Liam McGee: Our core business owners policy is the core and heart of that franchise, and we are seeing rate increases there -- that is clearly what's driving rate for us both today and we see it going into next year, as well.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: It looked like the 2010 accident year was developing a little too quickly. What are your thoughts there about the 2010 accident year?
Liam McGee: Let me give you a little context on the 2010 accident year. Really, our 2010 plan included, in hindsight, a more aggressive Middle Market pricing than the market would bear. We were a little ahead of our skis on that one. And so to be clear it's really about pricing, and loss costs have remained relatively benign. We've not seen any unfavorable claim emergence there. So that's really what's going on with the current accident year.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: On the Group Benefits, I understand you're targeting a 77% to 79% benefits ratio. Maybe just a little granularity around it. I know you're implementing rate increases, as well. Just a little granularity about what you're seeing there? What the pressure points are? Just Hartford's view of that world.
Andrew Pinkes: We've spent a lot of time, as you would imagine, unpacking what's going on with incidence. As we talked about in the third quarter, what we've seen has really not changed. It's pretty widespread. We view it as an industry phenomena. It's really not in any particular plan size or business or industry or geography or issue year. We're seeing it fairly widespread. So as you know, we are taking rate, but we're going to be smart about that. We have tools, and we'll look at our portfolio to make sure that we're putting in rate in the right places and meeting our expectations. And with regard to 2011, we have taken into consideration, as you look at our 2011 guidance what we experienced in 2010. So that gives you the basis. You can see that in our guidance.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: Is the magnitude of the rate increases in double digits or is it more?
Andy Napoli: I would not say it's double digits. And remember, it's not peanut butter. There's a rate that goes into our target, but then it's based on our renewal, how those particular pieces account by account are performing and what we need to achieve target rate. So we have a pretty disciplined approach there, and we are, frankly, enhancing our discipline as we operate in this challenging market.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just a quick follow-up on the line of questioning around the hedging in Japan. I guess I took it from Chris' comments that ideally you would wait for more optimal macro environment. I think Tom Gallagher was asking about that. I guess what I'm trying to get a sense of is how long can you wait? Is there kind of a breakdown point where you have to commit to a more permanent hedge even if the end in [ph] (01:15:37) interest rate and market levels kind of remain where they are currently?
Christopher Swift: Randy, it's Chris. I don't think there is a tipping point and sort of go-or-no-go point. We've continued to obviously account for and put up reserves and capital associated with the business. So there's not a tipping point in my mind.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: The $50 million pretax cost per quarter is kind of sustainable looking out. And then if there's an opportunity, you take advantage of it. Is that the way should think about it?
Christopher Swift: That is the options-based program. Again, to be sort of complete, we still have some futures-based equity protection of roughly $1.6 billion notional that we put on during this year. And obviously, we have our futures positioned for FX. So you put them all together, and I know you're listening to Tom's question, we will continue this on a short-term basis. We know the economics are there. And we still feel comfortable with this short-term approach.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And if I could just hit the personal retirement manager issue one more way. I guess I wont ask you to comment on the new product, but as far as the existing products, to the extent that it can still be sold, is there any shift at all? I'm thinking about the distribution that goes through without the income benefit, which is a feature that basically exists on all your competitors' products. Is the personal retirement manager potentially a better product for outside of the independent financial advisor channel? That's the question. Is there a potentially different way to distribute the product that could help with the negative flows there?
David Levenson: This is Dave Levenson. We are always looking at alternative ways that we can distribute product. But I would say that PRM, at least for the short term, is going to be sold through our traditional distribution. And remember, one of the things that we said in the past is this product actually shows well when interest rates are much higher. So in that type of economic scenario, I'd expect that our PRM sales will be significantly higher.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I've got two quick questions. One on the VA business. It's more on the surrender rate. It picked up this quarter, it was over 12% annualized. I just was wondering if you could give us some perspective on what's happening there. Is that something that's a little bit more by design? Or do you see that spiking because there's some shift into the newer product or is that business leaving you?
David Levenson: It's Dave Levenson again. I would say this is really a function of our dynamic lapse modeling. And as we've seen the market snap up a little bit, actually quite a lot in the fourth quarter, we have seen an uptick in the lapses. So that's really what's causing it.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: What does dynamic lapse mean?
David Levenson: So as we see the market essentially move up, there's more people that tend to surrender their policies.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Their decision?
David Levenson: Their decision.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Just a question broadly on the guidance. If my math is reasonable, it appears that you're guiding us to an ROE that's around 8% for 2011 based on your range of $3.70 to $3.90. Yet, I think at the outset, you indicated you're on target to achieve your 2012 objective of 11% ROE. So I respect the fact that youre in the early stages of your capital management strategy, but you also laid out that various specific target about a year ago now. So I'm wondering if you can walk us through how you bridge the gap from 8% to 11% without actually frankly massive buybacks.
Liam McGee: John, this is Liam. This management team is running the firm with 11% return on equity as a goal for us. We took an important first step with our dividend action, and as I've said several times today, and a very important point, that on the heels of that, we're in the early stage of thinking about potential subsequent actions I've outlined in my prepared remarks. A few of the ones we might consider. I don't think there's a specific road map to get there. It'll probably be a combination of things that we'll do. As far as the plan and the ROE, I'll ask Chris to comment on that. Final thing I'd say is anything we do, any capital management actions we do or consider, as well as any balance sheet actions that we may consider, will always be on the context of prudent management of both of those and along with creating maximum shareholder value. So, Chris, any more specific thoughts there?
Christopher Swift: I think you said it well. John, the only thing I'd add is we can talk about your numbers and tweak them a little bit at the margin, but we do know there is a significant amount of capital to manage here. And as Liam mentioned, we're at the early stages of that. And we're going to be very, very thoughtful and prudent about it.
Operator: And our final question is from the line of Larry Greenberg with Langen McAlleney.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: I just want to be certain I understand what was going on with the accident year re-estimation for the first nine months of the year. So you're saying that your loss picks were just a bit too optimistic because you didn't get the pricing that you had expected. Is that a correct interpretation?
Andy Napoli: That's right, that's right. Just to be clear, with regard to loss costs, they have remained within our expectations and have remained benign. And that we, in our plan, had more pricing than we had achieved.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Did it hit any specific product lines more than others or was it pretty much across the board?
Andy Napoli: Pretty much across the board, but really in the Middle Market space.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: And then your expectation for 2011 of one to two points of pricing, it's not a big change, but on the margin, perhaps a little bit more than you got in 2010. Is there any thinking that the marketplace could be more accommodating for you to get a little bit more price?
Andy Napoli: We're hopeful that it's going to be more accommodating for sure. But the driver here for us is small business and our capabilities there. And we've got some very exciting products and capabilities that are just being launched and some more will be launched midyear. And so we have a good feeling about being able to achieve another point or so than we achieved last year.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Any change in tone in the marketplace over the last couple of quarters that you've been able to detect?
Andy Napoli: There's optimism, but I would say it's still competitive out there. I think that it's still very tough sledding, particularly the more you go head up [ph] (01:23:32) market in the Middle Market space and north of that. It's still very competitive out there.
Liam McGee: Larry, the only comment I'd add is that's why we feel so good about the small-business franchise we have. It has very unique, very competitive capabilities, which enable us, as Andy suggested, to get rate when others who are more focused on Middle Market in that market quite simply can't.
Richard Costello: Thank you. Operator, this concludes the call. We appreciate all of your participation, and we look forward to seeing all of you soon. That concludes the call.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Levenson - President of Wealth Management and Chief Operating Officer of Hartford Life Insurance KK Christopher Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Liam McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Finance/Investment/Risk Management Committee Richard Costello - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kamiko, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to The Hartford Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Rick Costello. Sir, you may begin.
Richard Costello: Thank you, Kamiko. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for The Hartford's Third Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. The earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday. Our slide presentation for today's call is available on the company's website at www.thehartford.com. Chief Executive Officer, Liam McGee; and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Swift, will provide prepared remarks this morning and we will finish with Q&A. Also participating on today's call are Dave Levenson, President of Wealth Management; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; Andy Pincus, Acting Head of Commercial Markets; Greg Mcgreevey, Chief Investment Officer; and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to the presentation on Slide 2, please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our 2010 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our 2009 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date. Today's discussion of The Hartford's financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, is provided in the investor financial supplement for the third quarter of 2010 and in the press release we issued yesterday, as well as on the company's website, all of which can be found at www.thehartford.com. Now, I will hand the call over to The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee.
Liam McGee: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I want to take a moment to remember JR Riley of The Hartford's Investor Relations team. As you probably heard, JR passed away unexpectedly a few weeks ago. I know many of you interacted with him on a regular basis. He was a valued and respected member of our team and a friend, and his untimely passing was truly tragic. We miss him. And his family remains in our thoughts and prayers. In the third quarter, we delivered strong financial results based on solid execution, receiving a lift from rising equity markets and light catastrophe losses. I am confident that we are on the path to delivering more predictable and consistent performance, as well as achieving the targets we set out in April. Core earnings were up 8% from last year at $710 million or $1.43 per diluted share. Net income was $666 million or $1.34 per diluted share. The investment portfolio improved significantly in the quarter. Chris will provide details but by almost any metric, the portfolio was substantially stronger than it was a year ago. While some of the improvement is due to lower interest rates and spread tightening, it also reflects the significant actions that Greg McGreevey and his team have taken to appropriately derisk the portfolio. Investment improvements helped drive book value per share to $45.80 on September 30, up 21% year-over-year and 11% sequentially. Our statutory surplus position increased about $700 million. During the quarter, we also put on additional equity and currency hedge protection to mitigate surplus volatility. We managed The Hartford surplus volatility with a combination of reinsurance and hedging programs and by holding appropriate amount of surplus capital. Over time, we will continue to reduce our exposure to changes in the capital markets in a prudent fashion, balancing economics and risk just as we've done in derisking the investment portfolio. So in summary, the third quarter performance was very good and is a testament to The Hartford's strong focus on execution. We are making good progress implementing the strategy we outlined in April. We said then that this is a strategy of evolution, not revolution. And that consistent strong execution, quarter after quarter and year after year is key to our success. We've completed the reorganization into a customer-focused structure and this quarter, as you know, began reporting financial results reflecting this new segmentation. Leadership within the businesses is in place and the teams are moving ahead. Andy Pincus is running the Commercial Markets business, where we have good momentum. Andy is a talented and strong leader with deep knowledge of the insurance industry and has been an integral part of the P&C leadership team for the last five years. We are considering internal and external candidates for the Head of Commercial Markets and expect to name a permanent leader in early 2011. Commercial Markets delivered good results this quarter, despite some headwinds in Group Benefits. Written premiums in P&C Commercial lines were up 4% over the prior year, led by growth in Small Commercial and Specialty Casualty. Policies-in-force in our standard commercial lines were also up 4%. Underwriting profitability in commercial Property & Casualty improved over the prior year. Excluding caps in prior year development, P&C Commercial posted a combined ratio of 92.2%, about a full point better than the prior period quarter. This reflects The Hartford's commitment to underwriting discipline, as well as benign loss cost trends. I'm very pleased with these results, particularly given the competitive nature of the commercial P&C market. Similar to many of our peers, we are working hard to retain existing profitable business. At the same time, we are pursuing new business where we feel good about the underwriting risks and we recognize this is a balance. Our goal is to increase submission flow in the areas where we want to grow, especially where The Hartford has a unique product offering or underwriting expertise to offer its customers. With small businesses as an example, we continue to have a competitive advantage and are writing new, profitable business that we like. We've also had success with our industry specific programs and are expanding this effort in areas such as technology and healthcare, we have already developed market specific expertise in products that differentiate us from the competition. Our new outpatient healthcare offering is performing very well, contributing to more than $16 million in new healthcare business year-to-date in the Midsized Customers segment. And most recently, we've launched a renewable energy practice. Excellence in sales execution also makes a difference in this environment. Our sales regions are working to develop new opportunities, maximize existing relationships, manage individual sales performance and reduce the variability of process and output. In short, in this environment, we will not sacrifice profitability for growth. In Group Benefits, we continue to experience elevated claims incidents and lower terminations in our disability lines during the third quarter. The GBD management team is very focused on taking corrective measures to improve the business results, including taking rate as appropriate. Along with members of the Commercial Markets team, I was at the CIAB conference in Colorado Springs last month, meeting with many of the company's largest agents and brokers. Their response to The Hartford and the changes we are making was positive. They are generally supportive of our new strategy, particularly around the combination of Group Benefits with our commercial Property & Casualty business. This model is consistent with the growing trend of agencies to provide value-added solutions as opposed to a product-centric approach. We launched our new sales approach in support of the combined P&C commercial and GBD strategy in August. Since that time, we have quoted over 200 accounts and built a pipeline of nearly 200 additional qualified opportunities. And to date, in just those few months, we've written over $30 million of joint customer, that being commercial P&C and Group Benefits business. In Consumer Markets, in August, we named Andy Napoli to lead the business. Andy has broad industry operational experience, as well as a background in Personal Lines and affinity relationships. He is making good progress to date in sharpening the businesses focus on the levers that will drive profitable growth. Selling the AARP product to agents, deepening our relationship with AARP, focusing on specific customer segments and developing new affinity programs. We have hired the Kessler Group, a firm with an excellent track record of developing the type of affinity relationships we are looking for. We're focused on this opportunity and are having conversations with potential new partners. Under Dave Levenson's leadership, Wealth Management is now organized to focus on four key areas: global annuities, mutual funds, retirement plans and life insurance. In U.S. annuities, Personal Retirement Manager, which we launched last fall, was designed to offer consumers a simpler, lower cost annuity alternative. But in an environment of equity market volatility and low interest rates, customers have sought out richer equity guarantees. As a result, sales of the product have not met expectations. As we said on the second quarter call, Dave and his team are evaluating the annuity strategy. While this work is still underway, I can say our goal is to develop a rational sweep of annuity products, including Personal Retirement Manager, to meet the demands of a range of distributors and customers, with acceptable risk and profitability parameters for The Hartford. The $5 billion target we have articulated is a proportional guide to how we're thinking about The Hartford's desired level of market participation over the long term. But we will not take unacceptable risk to achieve it. In other Wealth Management businesses, we are making good headway. We reported a 13% year-over-year increase in retirement plan deposits and Individual Life sales were up 14% over the prior year, with sales in the independent channel up 45%. In mutual funds, we plan to launch global fixed income funds in 2011. This will compliment our existing equity and domestic fixed-income offerings and respond to customer trends. When we communicated our strategy in April, we talked about our intent to improve efficiency at The Hartford. We're making good progress on that front. We have significant opportunities to simplify the company and its processes, making The Hartford easier to do business with and more efficient as a result. As an early example, we have combined service operations throughout the company into one enterprise operations structure. We also announced in mid-October that Jim Ackerley joined us to lead an enterprise-wide effort to simplify our business processes and help us become a more efficient company. I have known Jim for many years and he is widely recognized in financial services for his success in project management, process improvement and enhancing efficiency. Finally, I want to comment on the economic environment and its impact on The Hartford. As we have said for the last few quarters, we expect a slow and choppy economic recovery. While there are some signs of improvement, broad economic factors continue to impact our business, including tepid job growth and cautious spending by consumers and businesses alike. Similarly, we also do not expect near term relief from the current low interest rate environment. However, we do think rates will rise over time, particularly given expanding government balance sheets around the world. We continue to target a long-term 13% to 15% ROE when we put business on the books. But in this environment of low interest rates and intense competition, achieving these returns is challenging. That is why we're working so hard on many fronts. We are paying close attention to rate adequacy. In businesses such as Consumer Markets and Group Benefits, we're taking rate and we're letting business go when we need to. We are focusing on market segments where we have sustainable competitive advantages, and we continue to drive for outstanding sales execution and better efficiency. I want to thank all of my Hartford teammates for their outstanding performance this quarter. Their commitment to the company and to executing in the marketplace everyday is unmatched. I appreciate all they're doing to move The Hartford forward. So to summarize, we delivered strong results in the third quarter. We are making very good progress executing on our strategy and we are confident that we are on a path toward delivering on the 2012 to targets we established. Our goal is to execute quarter after quarter and year after year, delivering consistent operating results and effectively managing the company's risks. Now, I'll turn it over to Chris for a deeper dive on this quarter's results. Chris?
Christopher Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 4. The Hartford generated very strong third quarter results, with net income of $666 million or $1.34 per diluted share. Core earnings were $710 million or $1.43 per diluted share. These results were driven by the five following items: First, solid performance in most of our operating businesses; second, the DAC unlock benefit; third, favorable prior year development in our Property & Casualty businesses; fourth, positive returns on our alternative investments; and fifth, favorable caps. All-in book value at the end of September stood at $45.80, up 11% from the end of June and 21% over prior year. Diluted book value per share, excluding AOCI, grew 2% during the quarter to $41.72. Now, let's move to Slide 5 to discuss two new financial metrics that we are using internally to track progress against our strategic plan. They are adjusted core earnings and the expense efficiency ratio. Adjusted core earnings excludes significant one-time items, as well as the volatile items like prior year reserve development and DAC unlock. Making these adjustments will provide a clearer picture of the underlying profitability trend of our business. It will also serve as a baseline from which we will measure core earnings growth in future years. We've also quantified the efficiency ratio. As you will recall, at our April Investor Day, we set a goal of reducing our efficiency ratio of 200 basis points by the end of 2012. Now, let's discuss the numbers. Adjusted core earnings for the third quarter were $485 million or $0.98 per diluted share. This excludes two items. First, the DAC unlock and second, Property & Casualty prior year reserve development. The DAC unlock benefit's core earnings was $166 million. The majority of this benefit was driven by global equity market appreciation. About $15 million of this benefit reflected our annual review of assumptions used in calculating DAC and other similar balance sheet items. The most significant assumption changes were a decrease in withdrawal levels in the U.S., an increase in future annuitization levels in Japan. We also continued to benefit from positive reserve development in the third quarter, both in our P&C Commercial lines and Consumer Markets. In total, net prior year reserve releases were $99 million after tax. We continue to reserve appropriately and our reserves remain strong. Some of the positive reserve development was offset by an increase to environmental reserves. The after-tax impact was about $40 million. Slide 5 also includes a reconciliation of adjusted core earnings for the third quarter, as well as year-to-date. Adjusted core earnings ROE over the last four quarters is 8.9%. This measure reflects adjusted core earnings and also excludes a $440 million write-off relating to the repayment of CPP in the first quarter. We've also quantified our efficiency ratio and included details about the calculation of the ratio in the appendix. The numerator is the expense number and represents all controllable expenses. The denominator includes all revenues other than trading security and realized capital gains and losses. Year to date, the ratio has improved more than 100 basis points. This reflects the significant expense actions the company took over the course of 2009. We are also benefiting from expense discipline and higher revenues in 2010. Looking ahead to 2011, we expect the efficiency ratio to increase modestly. This will be driven by investments we are making to execute on our overall strategy, including growth and efficiency initiatives. This should leave us well-positioned to deliver the full 200 basis point run rate improvement by the end of 2012. Much of the future expense saves will come from process improvements across the organization. Our intent is to make our systems work better for customers and employees and to become a simpler and more efficient organization. We will continue to report on this efficiency ratio, along with progress and actions in this area in the quarters ahead. Now, let's move to a discussion of third quarter business results, beginning with Commercial Markets on Slide 6. The P&C Commercial lines performed very well in the third quarter, with year-over-year improvements in written premium and underwriting profitability. P&C Commercial reported a 92.2% current accident year combined ratio, excluding cat, almost one point better than the third quarter of 2009. These continued solid underwriting results were driven by our rigorous underwriting and pricing process, coupled with favorable severity from the lower inflationary pressures like wage, and material cost. On the top line, written premiums turned positive with 4% growth over prior year. Some of this reflects an easy comparison against last year's third quarter, when large auto premium adjustments reduced premiums. On the other hand, some of the written premium growth reflects sustainable trends. Renewal pricing remains positive, plus 1% in standard commercial line, a good result in this competitive marketplace. In addition, there was a slight improvement in exposure base during the quarter, suggesting that the decline in exposures has flattened out. In Group Benefits, sales continued to be soft due to the weak economic environment and the competitive marketplace. Margins remain pressured by disability experience. We continued to experience elevated claims incidence and lower terminations in our disability lines in the third quarter. We have closely reviewed our disability claims experience and the increased frequency continues to be widespread and not specific to any industry or plan size. We are responding appropriately to these higher loss costs. For 2011, we are increasing disability rates, taking into account the elevated claims experience, as well as the lower interest rate environment. As always, we determine rates on a case-by-case basis. We are committed to maintaining our underwriting discipline. We expect to remain competitive in these key markets. In summary, it was a good quarter for Commercial Markets segments. The P&C Commercial lines reported written premium and combined ratio improvement. In Group Benefits, we're making progress on necessary actions to address pressures on profitability. Now, let's turn to Slide 7 for a discussion of our Consumer Market results. In Consumer Markets, we are implementing our strategy to increase profitability and position ourselves to drive growth. We continue to take meaningful rate increases. Renewal written price increases for auto and home were 8% and 11%, respectively in the third quarter. Written premium declined 3% from prior year. This was driven by two factors: Pricing and underwriting actions and our decision to shift our focus to a preferred market segment. Premium retention is relatively flat as pricing increases offset an expected reduction in policy retention. Profitability in the third quarter was lifted by light cat activity. Excluding cat, the current accident year combined ratio was 93.3%, more than 1% better than prior year. Going forward, we are looking to increase our AARP penetration and to sharpen our agency focus. We expect new business premium to begin to grow again in 2011 in response to targeted marketing and new product launches. In agency, we are steadily increasing our focus on the 40-plus age group. More than 80% of agency new business flow in the quarter came from this demographic. We will report this metric going forward and you should expect it to steadily climb. We plan to have our universal auto product in 39 states by the end of the first quarter of 2011. This will further improve our ability to increase penetration across all of our targeted segments. In summary, the fundamentals in this business are headed in the right direction. We are taking rate and underwriting actions were appropriate, our combined ratio is improving and we are focusing our efforts on target markets. Now, let's turn to the Wealth Management results on Slide 8. Excluding the effects of DAC unlock, profitability in Wealth Management continued to improve, with core earnings up 10% over prior year. Margin expansion is being driven by equity market appreciation and positive net flows outside of annuities. Core earnings, ex the DAC unlock for the combined annuity segment, was $146 million in the third quarter, an 8% increase over prior year. Rising account values have more than offset net outflows to generate earnings growth. In our Life Insurance business, third quarter results were again strong. Ex the DAC unlocks, core earnings were $57 million. Mortality was a bit unfavorable in the quarter, but within an expected level of volatility. Individual Life sales were up 14% over prior year. We are making excellent progress with our monarch program, our initiative to increase our penetration with some of the largest independent Life producers in the country. We believe momentum here is building, with a record sales month in September and we are excited about growth in the fourth quarter and into 2011. In mutual funds, deposits totaled $3.1 billion. Retail mutual fund deposits were off 19% from prior year. The decline in deposits is consistent with generally weak industry flows into equity funds. In contrast, industry flows into fixed income funds remains at historic highs. We are working to grow AUM in this environment, with a more robust fixed income product offering in 2011. Also, we announced two weeks ago the planned sale of our Canadian mutual fund business, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter. This is a non-core operation, with under $2 billion of AUM. As we've said, we will regularly review our portfolio of businesses to ensure that we are focused on the right mix to drive our strategy. Our Retirement Plans business posted solid third quarter. Core earnings, excluding the DAC unlock, were $10 million, up 25% over prior year. Deposits were $2 billion, up 13% over prior year. To summarize third quarter results in Wealth Management, we saw a good flows in non-annuity businesses, margin improvement driven by account value growth and strong sales and profitability in Life Insurance. Now, let's turn to Slide 9 for a discussion of capital and risk management. We've received a lot of valuable feedback from investors since the second quarter call, indicating they want more clarity about changes in our statutory surplus. We've heard you and we thank you for your input. As a result, we're providing expanded information this quarter. We continue to believe we have sufficient capital for any reasonable stress scenario. Slide 9 presents a roll forward of third quarter changes in step surplus and our Property & Casualty and U.S. Life Entity. In aggregate, surplus improved about $700 million in the third quarter to $15.2 billion. Working across the slide, VA-related surplus impacts totaled $400 million. I will discuss that in more detail in the next slide. Our Property & Casualty operations generated $300 million of surplus in the quarter. Credit related impacts provided the benefit. Impairments were more than offset by price improvements in several mark to market fixed income portfolio. Dividends from the P&C companies were about $200 million, consistent with our stated plan. In our Life Statutory entities, excluding the impact of the VA business, surplus declined about $100 million. This was caused by reserve increases related to our fixed annuity due to the low interest rate environment. Now, let's move to Slide 10 to examine the VA surplus impacts in greater detail. VA related statutory income, excluding changes in reserves and hedge assets was about $300 million in the quarter. The two largest drivers of VA related surplus movements are typically changes in statutory liability and hedge assets. In the third quarter, these two essentially neutralized to one another. With the rising equity markets, statutory VA liabilities declined about $700 million. Conversely, our hedge assets declined in value about $800 million. There are two key drivers for this result. First, while the U.S. equity market recovered much of its second quarter decline, the yen continued to strengthen against the dollar. Second, we increased hedging levels for both global equity protection and yen-dollar protection. That extra equity protection lowered surplus in the quarter due to rising equity markets. Looking ahead to future quarters, you generally should not expect the changes in hedge assets to so closely offset the change in liability. As we've said, our first risk management priority is to manage tail risk. So although we have taken steps to mitigate surplus volatility, you should still expect to see point-to-point volatility in the future. Bottom line, we feel good about our capital position. We articulated a prudent capital philosophy in March. Our goal is to be prepared for any reasonable stress scenario. Since that time, the fixed income market has steadily recovered but other Capital Market variables have been more volatile. The significant recovery in bond prices combined with our derisking efforts have meaningfully reduced The Hartford's credit risk. In connection with our March capital raise, we analyzed our investment portfolio under a severe stress scenario that included a double dip recession and additional declines in commercial and residential real estate prices. In total, we anticipated about $2.8 billion of credit-related impacts over 2010 and 2011. Now, when we analyze our portfolio as of the end of September under the same scenario, the impact has declined to about $1.4 billion over 2010 and 2011. On the other hand, the yen and interest rates remained at stress levels, which partially off the improvements in credit. As we've said, we continue to feel very confident in our capital position. However, given continued market and economic uncertainty, it is premature to change our capital management philosophy. Now, let's turn to Slide 11 for a discussion of interest rates. A number of you have asked us about the low interest rate environment. As you know, lower reinvestment rates will reduce net investment income. We can offset this by lowering crediting rates on our spread based liability, but this is only a partial offset because many of those liabilities are at their contractual minimums already. We typically use the forward interest rate curve in our planning process. As a result, our plan to incorporate today's views of future rate level. However, if interest rates were to stay at their current levels through the end of 2012, we estimate that the incremental core earnings impact will be about $30 million in 2011 and $100 million in 2012. Finally, a sustained low interest rate environment over a two-year period should not have a significant impact on DAC or goodwill, which are generally not sensitive to rates in the near term. So bottom line, the interest rate environment is a manageable headwind for The Hartford from an earnings perspective. At the same time, it is a critical factor in our thinking about pricing and returns on new business going forward. Now, let's turn to Slide 12 for a brief review of our investment results. Declining interest rates and some spread tightening drove significant improvements in the investment portfolio in the quarter. We flipped to a net unrealized gain position at the end of September as the value of our fixed-income holdings increased. Impairments and mortgage loan valuation allowances continued to trend downwards. Total impairments, including OTTI and mortgage loan valuation allowances were $122 million. The primary source of these impairments was weaker collateral performance on a handful of structured commercial real estate securities. Also, included in the $122 million number are $44 million of impairments related to securities we intend to sell given the recent improvements in valuation. Net investment income, excluding trading securities, was $1.1 billion, 3% higher than prior year. Improved partnerships returns more than offset the effect of lower reinvestment on our fixed income portfolio. Now, let's turn to Slide 13 for our updated 2010 guidance. As we announced last evening, we are increasing our full year core earnings guidance to between $2.60 to $2.70 per share. This range incorporates actual third quarter results, as well as the impact of unseasonably high catastrophe losses in Consumer Markets and P&C Commercial in October. This was driven by severe storm activity in the Southwest United States. We had planned to guide the fourth quarter core earnings of little over $0.90 per diluted share. But in light of October's estimated cat losses, we had lowered our outlook by about $0.09 a share. Therefore, we expect a little over $0.80 per share in the fourth quarter, at the midpoint of our guidance range. Looking ahead, we will share our 2011 outlooks with you early next year. This ends my prepared remarks, which were a little longer than usual. We wanted to provide additional details and insights on capital and interest rates. I hope you found it helpful. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick, as we move into the Q&A session.
Richard Costello: Thank you, Chris. [Operator Instructions] Kamiko, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Darin Arita at Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: I had a question on first Slide 11, on the effective low interest rates and I was wondering how much of that is coming from lower investment income in the -- your Property & Casualty insurance businesses?
Christopher Swift: Darin, it's Chris. I do not split it out by Property & Casualty Life, but we did it more in the analysis in total. I mean, we could get that information to you but I don't have it split out right now between Property-Casualty and Life.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, it's fair to assume that you're assuming pressure from that business, but you're not assuming any corresponding price changes to offset the low rate environment?
Christopher Swift: Well, again, it's from an in-force perspective. So it's sort of running off the in-force book and as you heard, we are trying to take pricing actions in most lines where appropriate. So I would bifurcate the analysis here. This is in-forced future pricing, we're trying to take that rate where appropriate.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just turning to the Group Benefits and P&C Commercial joint sales, Liam, I appreciate the data that you're giving out at the start of the call. Just curious what are the size of accounts that Hartford is targeting here for the joint sales and where do you think this can get to?
Liam McGee: Well, initially, Darin, initially most of the cross sales tend to be at the higher end of the market. But as we go forward, we're very focused on the Middle Market. We think that as the highest potential for us and we're beginning to see interest there from agencies who have come to the same conclusion.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: And the sales, where do you think that can get to $30 million now?
Liam McGee: I'm not sure we're prepared to quantify it yet, Darin. I would say that we're very encouraged. The teams are working together very well. As I noted, agencies are -- see the wisdom of it. They're working with us not only to sort through how we deliver to them, but how they deliver to their customers. And we're very excited about it. I think the first stage is what we're talking about is the joint sales between our two sales forces. But we understand the next stage or iteration will be more about product innovation as well.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Question for Chris. Do you think you could provide a bit more detail around the hedges you put on in terms of the global equity markets and the yen in terms of maybe potential around pricing, as well as the timing of those hedges?
Christopher Swift: Sure. I think we have pointed out is that we've been building our FX positions during the second and third quarter, working with risk management. Those positions were put on a different, obviously yen levels, dollar levels but I think we've built a substantial base of protection on currency. We've spent approximately $170 million run rate accumulative year-to-date on the program. If program expires -- most of it expires early 2011. We do anticipate putting on protection in '11. We're working through the exact strategy and the dynamics of that. We're trying to balance as we always said, risk, capital, earnings and do the right thing from a long-term shareholder perspective. So hopefully, that's enough detail to give you a feel for it.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess, different from some of the past calls where you provided sort of RBC estimates, I haven't seen that this quarter. Do you have an update in terms of where that stands and what you expect that to end the year?
Christopher Swift: The question is from RBC from our main life company, HLA, I would say that it's well north of four in the quarter on an estimated basis at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: With the steps with volatility in hedging, can you discuss where you stand with regards to hedging interest rates on your global annuity book. Is that an area that's fully hedged or is that one of the areas where additional work is still needed to reduce the volatility going forward? Second with group disability, obviously still seeing weakness, but I understand, you're pushing through some relatively price increases, so can you provide an update on the renewal process? Are clients accepting the price increases or should we expect some estimated lapses as we look to 2011?
Christopher Swift: Nigel, it's Chris. I'll try to take the first one going forward. I think your question was on interest rates and surplus volatility. I would say again, if you look at our WB program, we do have some interest rate protection, let's say about at the 50% level. When you translate that into the statutory world VA CARVM, you don't have that significant volatility. So from an interest rate side, there isn't that much volatility on the VA CARVM. It does consume a little capital -- lower interest rate environment. So we just model different benefits and things and along those lines more from a valuation side, but not a hedging side. So hopefully that's clear.
Company Speaker: Nigel, Andy Pincus. In terms of the competition and the rates that we're talking about taking, really, we believe that higher incident rates that we're seeing and lower termination rates are really a marketplace phenomenon, as well as the challenge that low interest rates are providing generally. So we are responding to those appropriately we believe. We're going to take price. We believe that the market is going to do the same as well. We'll see in 2011, but we expect to remain competitive and we will proceed forward and as we've said, we are seeing others seeing the same challenges and certainly interest rates are out there for them as well.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: I guess, my question is more about the renewal process. You're largely through that prices now, so it would have been your action of clients. Is everyone sort of trying to push forward price or are you actually still keeping the client or is that the pushback from clients as to the prices that you're trying to push forward?
Christopher Swift: Well I think most of it, there's mix but I think we're seeing both. And so we're going to take these one at a time as we underwrite these and we're going to make the right judgment for us about what business is priced appropriately and what business we should walk away from.
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Berg at Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: You indicated that your -- in the annuity area, your Personal Retirement Manager continues not to meet your expectations. Can you describe what your domestic annuity strategy is going to be therefore? Since this one hasn't work, and since the existing guarantee-based products prior to this are essentially winding down, where do we go from here on the annuity business?
Liam McGee: I'll make a comment and then Dave may want to make some comments on his own perspective. Eric, I would just go back to what I said in my remarks, which is we are candid and realistic about the performance of the PRM. For the factors that you and I both describe. Second of all, Dave and his team are hard at work on a go-forward annuity strategy and we anticipate that being a mix of products that will be suitable for various distributors and customers. As we said in April, the $5 billion was always a proportional guide as compared to the $15 billion plus that we did in our peak. We don't see ourselves playing at that level. And finally, as I said, we will not chase that target and seed either profitability or take undue risk. Dave, anything else you'd like to add?
David Levenson: I guess, what I would add is we're not going to be a single product provider on go-forward basis. So as we look at PRM, it did not work well in this macroeconomic environment. In a different environment, we think it may work quite well. But we do have the complement that with other products and that's really what's on the lab right now.
Operator: Your next question is from Edward Spehar with Bank of America.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: On the DAC unlock and I think there was a comment made that the assumption changes were only about $15 million benefit. And that they were concentrated in a decrease in withdrawal rates assumed in the U.S. and an increase in annuitization in Japan. I guess, if that's correct, we're at a point now where it's a good if we have higher annuitization rates in Japan and the business is more persistent in the U.S., is that correct?
Christopher Swift: Ed, it's Chris. Your point, I would say, annuitizations in Japan are not a good thing. That keeps the risk that means people are in essence using the guarantee. So again, when we updated our assumptions, obviously we planned for that because they're just more in the money so you just call it behavioral assumptions, yet we had to update. That did sort of an and all in base, not only affecting core but that it was about a $52 million charge in DAC for that. It did also consume some statutory capital from a VA CARVM side when we made that change. Generally, in the U.S., we had been, I call it, assuming a, I call it a higher utilization rate and higher lapses, which we took down, which provided a benefit because less than the money, I call it balance more from the risk side greater, we'll earn more fee income over the longer period of time. That's why that turned out to be approximately a $58 million benefit all in on that assumption change.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: The one follow up on interest rates is what type of negative impact do you see if you had a period of, a multi-year period beyond the next couple of years of rates where they are today with regard to the variable annuity guarantees? Or is that not a big deal?
Christopher Swift: I would say, multi-year is a big deal. I mean, we worry about interest rates that probably one of the key economic factors that -- I could tell you, I just haven't modeled it out and agreed to any detailed fashion at this point, but it's something we could talk about in the future.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Chris, just the idea that you hedged half of the WB on the interest rates, does it suggest that, that is not a -- when we say it's a bigger issue, is it just -- is it a really big issue or is it something that you obviously haven't been that worried about considering how much you've protected yourself?
Christopher Swift: I think we're just mixing and matching apples and oranges here. One, the WB program is obviously done for hedging purposes in 157 valuation purpose then you've got to look at the economics in the long term. And I would say, I mean, yes, it is an important factor that we'd look at and consider. So...
Operator: Your next question is from Larry Greenber at Langen McAlenney.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: I'm wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on the reserve releases in Property-Casualty past quarters. Specialty seemed to be the biggest contributor to the releases and wondering if you could maybe give us a little bit of a breakdown between what we use to know of as the old segment and then on the consumer side, was that just the normal reserving process or was there anything more substantial that went into the look at reserves this quarter?
Company Speaker: It's Andy Pincus. So on the Property-Casualty Commercial side, the thing I'd say is it really have been fairly broad-based across our markets. Small, commercial and middle market have seen in terms of the old segmentation have seen a fair amount. But again, I would say pretty broad-based they include workers comp, really general liability, auto, we have seen favorable severity in there and particularly I would say in our longtail lines and that's really where we've seen it.
Liam McGee: We do break it out in some detail actually in the IFS (Investor Financial Supplement). There's actually a bunch of detail in there that shows it by segment, I believe.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: And the consumer question? Consumer reserve releases?
Richard Costello: Larry, this is Rick. On the consumer releases, that's primarily going to be out of the auto liability side.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: But it was just the normal process for looking at the reserves this quarter? I mean, the number was more favorable than it's been running.
Richard Costello: Yes, new process changes are seeing the emergence of severity coming out of that book.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: And then I was just wondering if you could discuss on the consumer side the emphasis on preferred and are the agencies not giving or showing you the business you're not interested when it comes up for renewal? Are you just pricing yourself out of the market there? Just how is that process working?
Company Speaker: Larry, this is Andy Napoli. I guess, I'll start with homeowners in this current year and going forward in 2011, we believe our pricing will increase in response to rising loss cost, both cat and non-cat and we'll be consistent with what's happening in the market. On the auto side, our plus eight is high, but not unexpected given the profitability actions we're taking in our agency channel. As far as what's happening at the agency level, we have introduced pretty strict underwriting guidelines that are driving that mixed shift that Liam referenced and Chris in their remarks. We're pushing our new business mix 40 plus is what we call it, accounts for 80% of that new business flow. As that continues to propagate itself within the renewal book, I think we'll be in a much better place going forward.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: With regard to the Group Benefits business, the 77% ratio there, I know you've got three-year products and it take a while to beat price, but when do you think you could get back to a more normal 70% level, 72% that you were at a few years ago? The second question is around the variable annuity comments that you made earlier. Liam, it sounds like you want to get back to that $5 billion target. Do you have some moving benefit products that you might launch pretty soon that could get you back into the game that might bring you in the near tern toward a $5 billion annualized rate? And then just lastly real quickly, what do you estimate to be your access of redeployable capital number at this stage in the game?
Company Speaker: Thanks, Andrew. So in terms of the time, I'd say as you referenced a large portion of our book has three-year rate guarantees. And so we are going into the market with price based on our reaction to higher incidence and lower terminations and interest rate. And so it's going to take some time, probably the number of years to work completely through. But we're still working very diligently on the higher incidence and lowered termination piece, so we are taking actions there with regard to price. But we're also keenly focused from a claim perspective on making sure that our execution is absolutely good as it can be. And so we will continue to be very focused there. Obviously, with the goal of improving that ratio.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: It sounds like you can gradually get it down over the next few years, but it should directionally come down from where it is now. Does that sound right?
Christopher Swift: That's our goal, for sure. This trend, if it's a trend at all, is new and so we're watching it. And so we're going to continue to watch it.
Liam McGee: Andrew, to your question, I'm going to have Dave Levenson comment or answer your specific question. But again, I would just reiterate what I said both in April and today, the $5 billion was a proportional sense, it was a third of our peak and $15 billion and when we were market leader. That kind of gives you a sense of the appetite we have, but I would reemphasize that we will not chase that $5 billion with inappropriate risk or unacceptable profitability. Now Dave I know can share more about his specific thoughts.
David Levenson: So Andrew, as you know, it's very hard to pinpoint a number whether it's $5 billion or $4 billion or $6 billion. So what I would say to you is again, we are trying to build a rational portfolio of products kind of an all weather portfolio, if you will. We do have a couple of ideas as I said in the lab that do need a risk appetite, we think it's early. And also, we're not going to do anything as Liam said that is subpar from a profitability perspective.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: David, do you think that you could come out with some products that will compete effectively with Lincoln and Prudential and that can be viewed in the same light?
David Levenson: So with respect to the competitors that you mentioned, there are some things that they do that are attracting flows for them that for us may not make sense. And all I would say is that it's just a little too early for us to comment a little bit further on that.
Christopher Swift: Andrew, it's Chris. On your excess capital position, I would state that similar to what we said in our opening comments, there's really no change in our capital management philosophy. Hopefully, you understood the points on improving credit offset by some modest yen and interest rate declines. So from where we were in our April capital raise numbers, I would say we're modestly ahead of those numbers. But there is general no philosophy change at this point in time.
Liam McGee: Still a lot of economic uncertainty and market volatility, Andrew, that I think reinforces the position that Chris and I have articulated today.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Gallagher with Crdit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: First question is a follow up on the hedges you bought this quarter. What does that bring your 2011 sort of run rate hedge expenses to I think prior to 3Q, the number was $260 million. Where does that stand today?
Christopher Swift: Thomas, it's Chris. I think we had been talking about for the macro program was maybe about a $65 million run rate cost before that. You overlay the incremental FX positions we've been building during the second and third quarter. I put that at another $60 million run rate. So and again, as we said, the FX positions are short term in nature and expire first part of '11. So all in, you could say right now on a run rate basis, about $125 million a quarter. Thinking about '11, again, it's still trying to design the planned balance sheet and anything I would not be uncomfortable with sort of $100 million per quarter all in run rate cost for our macro hedging program in the short term. Right? Balancing what we might do in the long term.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: So that's a decent run rate to think about moving ahead. The next question I had, Chris, it's just when you all did your DAC review, are you factoring the hedge cost in? When you look at the AGTs and evaluate future gross profits, are you assuming that the hedge cost is going to be continuing or is that not factored in?
Christopher Swift: I would say yes, we factored in a lot of things. If you're specifically referring to maybe our Japan derisking activities, those AGPs do not have I call it a defined hedging program associated with them at this point in time.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: I guess, it's a question both on the U.S. and Japan. If you were to overlay kind of a forward-looking assumption that you're going to continue to hedge this, would that affect the way you look at reserves and DAC on these businesses? And I guess, in particular, in Japan, it sounds like it was a fairly modest charge. Are you pretty confident that the reserves in DAC are right sized now or is there still some uncertainty there?
Christopher Swift: Like we've been saying, Tom, the macro programs and the FX programs are short term in nature. So by definition, if we would extend anything for a longer period of time, we would consider baking that into our AGPs depending on how we define the program. U.S. maybe less sensitive, Japan maybe a little bit more so. But I would remind you, Japan we have about $1.7 billion of DAC. If I look out over the next five years, about 65% of that will just be amortized with our current methodologies and these factors. So it's not a long-duration asset there in Japan, that DAC asset.
Operator: And we have time for one more question and that is from John Nadel of Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: On the waterfall slide on Slide #9 in your deck, that walks us through the $700 million change in capital in bank capital. Just two quick questions. One, the $200 million positive impact of credit related impacts, I just was hoping you could give us a little bit more detail there and I guess, I was under the impression that mark-to-market is not reflected on a statutory basis. So I assume is this equity positions or a trading account that's driving that? And then the second question also on the same slide, the $100 million reduction for Life third quarter statutory earnings, I think Chris you mentioned that was largely related to the fixed annuity business. Could you give us a sense for what the assumption impacts were there or how to think about that? Does that reset those reserves to current interest rate environment or is there more to take if we remain low?
Christopher Swift: John, I would say the credit related impact is primarily related to what I would call our CRC or market value adjusted annuity program, where assets we bought the assets and so there is a credit benefit there as spreads come in. And then on the statutory earnings, the negative, I would point out during the quarter, the headwinds that we faced, you alluded to one. We did record, call it increase in reserves, in the annuity line, about $300 million due to the low interest rate environment, coupled then with some assumption changes that we put in for others that, that maybe cost us nearly $200 million. So with that, we still then were able to obviously grow statutory surplus during the quarter. So as we fast-forward to year end and during our year end cash flow affecting Q3 Phase I final judgment, actually we feel pretty good that there's not going to be any other headwinds or charges that we face at year end related to those particular items.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
Richard Costello: This is Rick Costello. I know we didn't get to all the questions. But we do want to be respectful of the 11:00 call that has already started. We will be available all day for follow-up questions. Thank you so much for your participation on The Hartford's Third Quarter Earnings Call, and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Juan Andrade -  Gregory Mcgreevey - Chief Investment Officer, Executive Vice President, Member of Office of Chairman and President of Hartford Investment Management Company David Levenson - President of Wealth Management and Chief Operating Officer of Hartford Life Insurance KK Christopher Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Liam McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Finance/Investment/Risk Management Committee Richard Costello - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ginger and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Rick Costello, you may begin your conference.
Richard Costello: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning and thank you for joining us for the Hartford's Second Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday. The slide presentation for today's call is available on the company's website at thehartford.com. Chief Executive Officer, Liam McGee; and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Swift, will provide prepared remarks this morning and we will finish with Q&A. Also participating on today's call are Juan Andrade, President of Commercial Markets; Dave Levinson, President of Wealth Management; Greg Mcgreevey, Chief Investment Officer; and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to the presentation on Slide 2, please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our 2010 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our 2009 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date. Today's discussion of The Hartford's financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, is provided in the investor financial supplement for the second quarter of 2010, and in the press release we issued yesterday, both of which can be found on The Hartford's website at www.thehartford.com. Now, I will hand the call over to The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee.
Liam McGee: Thanks, Rick. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Before we get started, I want to welcome Dave Levinson. Last month, as you know, I asked Dave to lead Wealth Management and as we shared with you in April, we see exciting opportunities for this business. The Hartford performed well in the second quarter. First, we reported good core results, with healthy top line momentum in many of our businesses. Second, we saw significant improvements in the investment portfolio. And third, we are well underway executing the go-forward plan we outlined in April. As I said, The Hartford reported good overall results in the quarter. Given the economy, the volatile equity markets and as you already know, issues specific to the P&C and life industries, I was pleased that we navigated well through a bumpy quarter. We earned $76 million of net income compared to a net loss of $15 million in the second quarter of 2009. Core earnings were $92 million in the second quarter and included higher-than-expected catastrophes, a DAC unlock, an annual asbestos reserve charge, goodwill impairment and favorable prior-year reserve development in ongoing P&C. When you account for these items, adjusted core earnings were about $0.92 per diluted share. We believe this figure demonstrates the underlying earnings power of the company. Chris will discuss how we get to that number in detail later in his remarks. Book value per share was up 6% sequentially to $41.29. And with the market volatility we saw in May and June, I am pleased with the continued strength of our capital position. Revenues, excluding net realized capital gains and trading securities grew 3% year-over-year. We saw good top line momentum in many of our key businesses. In P&C Small Commercial segment, written premium grew 3% over the prior year, reflecting positive renewal pricing and a 9% increase in new business policy count. In P&C Middle Market, price competition is intense, and we are balancing growth and profitability. So we were pleased that pricing on renewals was flat. And policy count retention increased 2% over the prior year. Chris will talk more about Group Benefits later in the call but results there were below our expectations. We see some near-term challenges in this business and are working hard to address them. In Wealth Management, sales and deposits increased in many businesses. Retirement plan deposits increased 12% over the prior year. Mutual fund deposits were up 11%, and Life insurance sales grew 8%. Second, over the last year, we have seen significant improvements in the investment portfolio. In the second quarter, we had a 13% increase in net investment income, excluding trading securities, driven by strong partnership returns. Another positive sign was that net unrealized losses declined by more than 50% since March 31 to $1.5 billion. We are also seeing favorable trends on impairments, which declined again this quarter. Barring a severe economic or market reversal and given the actions we've taken today, we believe the worst is behind us on impairments. Over the next several quarters, we expect to see credit losses similar to those we've experienced in the first half of the year. Given the recent interest in municipal bonds, I want to provide some background on our $12.5 billion portfolio. We feel good about this portfolio given its broad diversification and high average credit quality of AA-. We are heavily weighted towards general obligation and essential service revenue bonds that are supported by clearly defined and dedicated tax or revenue sources. We have also reduced exposure to municipalities in areas of particular economic stress. As Rick said, Greg is here for the Q&A session to answer questions you may have on the portfolio. Finally, I want to provide an update on the company's strategy. We're making good progress executing on the plan we outlined in April and are seeing a number of encouraging signs. On July 1, we completed the transition to a new organizational structure. Leadership of the Commercial Markets and Wealth Management business unit is in place. We also have a number of very good candidates for the Consumer Markets role and expect to have that position filled in the early fall. Now as I mentioned earlier, I'm pleased to have Dave Levinson lead Wealth Management. In his 15 years at The Hartford, he has a broad range of experience across Wealth Management, which along with his strategic vision and bias for action, are among the key reasons I selected him for this role. I have charged him with accelerating the profitable growth of Wealth Management, working within the strategy we announced in April. I can tell you that Dave is moving quickly and decisively to identify the best individual and collective opportunities for these businesses. I've also asked Dave to review the Annuity business, including the performance of Personal Retirement Manager. The new product is now broadly available in the marketplace and the next few quarters will be critical in determining its ultimate success. As we said in April, annuities with an appropriate balance of risk and return are an important part of The Hartford's Wealth Management business. We are committed to the Annuities business and we continue to invest in product, distribution and marketing going forward. And finally, I'm excited about our unique potential to profitably grow in the Wealth Management business.  In Commercial markets, we're optimistic about our go-to-market strategy. I'm pleased with the early results coming from the combination of our Group Benefits and Commercial P&C businesses. Together, the efforts of these two sales teams have already built a solid pipeline, with close to 1,000 new opportunities, a significant percentage of which we have already quoted. Our early joint efforts have generated several million dollars in sales to date. Juan and his team are optimistic about using this collaborative business model on the full year sales cycle in 2011. And consistent with that, we're implementing additional sales tools to drive the sustained success across this organization, which include: Cross-train the P&C and GBD sales organizations on each other's products; launching new compensation, incentive and recognition plans to align individual and agency objectives with this strategy; new marketing materials that better articulate to our customers the value proposition of the combined Commercial Markets business; and we have established a set of metrics that will measure the success of our sales teams. The Consumer Markets team is also executing on its strategy. In auto and homeowners insurance, our focus on the 40-plus age group is resulting in a higher percentage of preferred business. As an example, in the agency channel, preferred new auto and home business as a percentage of the total, has increased by more than 7% over the past six months. The team is also off to a fast start in creating new affinity relationships, as we are already in conversations with several large potential partners. This was important, since there is generally a long sales cycle for affinity relationships. We're optimistic about the potential for future top line growth from this strategy and the value for both us and our partners. As we also discussed in our April investor meeting, we are committed to simplifying The Hartford and making the company more efficient. Our first important step was to bring together the company's service operations into one enterprise organization. This will allow us to share resources and best practices, further enhance customer service and drive efficiencies. Our ultimate objective is to give customers a one Hartford, one brand experience. Now before I close, I want to comment briefly on the economy. We continue at The Hartford to anticipate a slow and choppy economic recovery. Recent GDP and payroll data has been consistent with this view. We believe the steps we have taken over the last several months and will take in the future months leave us well prepared to profitably grow. To conclude, The Hartford reported good results in the second quarter, with healthy top line momentum in many of our businesses and an increase in book value. We saw significant improvements in the investment portfolio and we are well underway executing on our go-forward plan. With the first half of 2010 complete, I am fully confident in the future of The Hartford and in our ability to meet the 2012 financial targets we laid out for you in April. Now, I'll turn it over to Chris to talk about the quarter in more detail. Chris?
Christopher Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 4. As Liam mentioned, net income for the second quarter was $76 million. Reported core earnings were $92 million or $0.17 per diluted share. Second quarter results were very noisy. To help better understand the company's core earnings strength, I'd like to discuss our calculation of adjusted core earnings, which we estimate at $460 million or $0.92 per diluted share.  Our estimate of adjusted core earnings excludes five items: The DAC unlock; higher-than-budgeted catastrophe losses; a goodwill impairment; a second quarter asbestos reserve charge; and net positive prior-year development in P&C ongoing operations. Let's spend a few moments looking at these items in greater detail. The DAC unlock charge to core earnings was $168 million or $0.34 per share, resulting from global equity market declines in the second quarter. To put this into perspective, since The Hartford began using reversion to the mean for our return assumptions, we've had positive DAC unlocks totaling about $750 million through the first quarter of 2010. These unlocks were primarily driven by the 47% rise in the S&P over that period of time. So with the markets down 12% in the second quarter, you can see that the DAC unlock charge was proportional to the market move.  This was also an unusually high catastrophe quarter for The Hartford, with pre-tax losses of $229 million. On an after-tax basis, it was $0.18 higher per share than our budget. These losses were primarily driven by the severe hale and wind storms in the Midwest and are in line with others in the industry. While the second quarter was very active, potential fee management remains the strength of The Hartford. Although higher than budgeted, the losses we experienced were within the expected range of volatility for these types of events. We also took a $110 million after-tax charge in the second quarter to increase asbestos reserves. This equates to about $0.22 per share. The charge follows the company's annual review of its asbestos exposures and was driven by increased severity in loss adjustment expenses, including litigation costs. These factors are generally consistent with the broader industry trend. In contrast, reserves in our ongoing operations developed favorably during the quarter. In general, we saw positive reserve development across our liability line, primarily for accident years 2007 and prior. In total, net prior-year reserve releases in ongoing operations were $97 million after tax, a benefit of $0.19 per share. Even after these releases, our reserve position remains strong, with carried reserves higher than our actuarial indication and consistent with prior reserve positions at the end of 2008 and '09. Finally, we wrote off most of the goodwill associated with Federal Trust Bank. This resulted in a $100 million impairment charge or about $0.20 per share. We acquired Federal Trust in the second quarter of 2009 in connection with the CPP investment. GAAP accounting calls for annual goodwill testing, which we performed for the first time in the second quarter. Backing up these five items, you get adjusted core earnings of $0.92 per diluted share. This is a good indication of the fundamental earnings power of the franchise. Going back to Slide 4, we are pleased with all-in book value growth of 6% to $41.29 per share. Book value growth was driven by the decline in unrealized losses in the investment portfolio. Diluted book value per share, excluding AOCI, grew 3% during the quarter to $40.95. The increase was a result of second quarter net income and a lower Hartford share price, which reduced dilution from our outstanding warrants.  Finally, the core earnings ROE for the 12 months ended June 2010 was 7.4%. Excluding the charge we recognized in connection with the CPP repayment in the first quarter, the core earnings ROE for the last four quarters was 9.7%. Now, let's move to Slide 5 to discuss our second quarter results in Consumer Markets. We continue to position ourselves to generate growth and profitability in Personal Lines. The rate in underwriting actions we have taken to preserve margins continue to work their way through the book. For the second quarter, renewal price increases were 6% and 9% for auto and home, respectively. Written premium was off 1% from prior year. Policies in force were also down about 1%. This was expected as we transitioned to a more preferred book of business.  Profitability in Personal Lines was impacted by elevated cat activity in the second quarter. Excluding cat, the current accident year combined ratio was a solid 93.2%. This is about three points higher than prior year. As a result, we expect to continue to take rate increases in auto and home going forward.  Looking ahead, we are excited about the growth opportunities in Consumer Markets. Our premium retention is increasing as we take rate. And we are generating a higher concentration of preferred business. We expect written premium to improve in the second half of the year in response to increased marketing, and we are excited about the rollout of our universal auto product, which we plan to have in 36 states by the end of the year. Now let's turn to Slide 6 for a discussion of our Commercial Markets results. In P&C, commercial lines performed well in the second quarter, with top line drivers trending favorably and the profitability of the underlying business remaining strong. P&C commercial insurance reported a 93.7% current accident year combined ratio, excluding cats, a good result at this point in the cycle. Our Small Commercial franchise continues to outperform the market, with an 85.9% combined ratio on the same basis. Plus, Small Commercial written premium improved 3% in the quarter, driven by positive renewal pricing and new business policy count growth of 9%. We are seeing continued stabilization in pricing in the smaller end of the Commercial Markets. Renewal pricing in the second quarter was plus 3% in Small Commercial. However, industry pressure on pricing is more evident in our Middle Market and Specialty businesses. We are utilizing our sophisticated modeling capabilities to carefully balance profitability and growth on a granular level. We continue to maintain pricing discipline as demonstrated by flat renewal pricing in Middle Market for the last three quarters. We are taking rate as necessary and turning away business that does not meet our targeted returns.  On the top line, exposure reductions continue to impact our results. In Middle Market, auto premiums reduced written premiums by five points compared to the second quarter of 2009. That said, we are seeing signs that the decline in exposures is moderating. Endorsement activity is up and the rate of mid-term cancellations has declined. We expect these trends to continue. Looking to the second half of 2010, we will continue to execute on initiatives to position ourselves for growth as the economy recovers by working to increase policy counts, driving to improve policy retention, and targeting areas of profitable new business growth, such as our industry verticals.  In our Group Benefits business, second quarter results were below our expectations, with core earnings of $34 million. The industry is experiencing higher disability claims frequency and we saw similar trends in the second quarter. We have closely reviewed our disability claims experience and the increased frequency is not correlated to any industry or plan size. This suggests that the overall frequencies maybe returning to historical levels. In response, we are taking rate in our disability lines to ensure that we continue to generate targeted margins going forward. On the top line, sales increased 13% over prior year, with persistency topping 90%. Fully insured ongoing premiums in Group Benefits declined 2%, pressured by lower payrolls and the sales challenges that were unique to The Hartford over the past year. Looking ahead, Group Benefits is a great business and fits well with our strategy for Commercial Markets. Some top line and bottom line challenges exist. And Ron and his team are closely reviewing all elements of this business. Now let's turn to Wealth Management results on Slide 7. Once you exclude the effects of the DAC unlock in the second quarter, margins in Wealth Management businesses continued to recover from last year's level. The margin improvements are being driven by year-over-year equity market appreciation and positive net flows in the non-annuity businesses. For the U.S. annuities business, core earnings, ex the DAC unlock were $98 million in the second quarter. This is a 61% increase over prior year and was driven by higher average account values. In international annuities, core earnings, ex the DAC unlock, were $59 million, an 84% increase over prior year. This increase is the result of higher account values, as well as the significant expense reductions in our Japanese and UK operations. In mutual funds, deposits totaled $4.3 billion. This is an 11% increase over the second quarter of 2009 on a comparable basis, demonstrating the strength of our distribution platform. Core earnings were $22 million, up sharply from the year-ago quarter. In retirement plans, second quarter deposits were $2 billion, up 12% over prior year. Core earnings in the second quarter, excluding the DAC unlock were $13 million, more than double from prior year. Our transition to one administration platform is on track for completion in the second quarter of 2011. This scalable platform will be key to expanding margins in this business.  In our individual Life business, second quarter results were very strong. Core earnings, ex-DAC unlock, jumped to a record $55 million. We benefited from favorable mortality, as claims in large face in our policies were lower than the rolling four-quarter average. On the top line, life insurance sales were up 8% over prior year. We are expanding in the independent agent space. We've signed up more than 400 of the nation's largest independent life insurance producers, with an initiative that began earlier this year. Now let's turn to Slide 8 for a review of our investment results. Once again, there was significant improvement in the investment portfolio in the quarter. As the slide shows, net unrealized losses continued to decline and as of June 30, were at their lowest levels since 2007. The main driver of the improvement was lower interest rates, which were partially offset by modest spread widening in a number of fixed maturity asset classes.  Impairments also improved during the quarter. Total impairments, including OTTI and mortgage loan valuation allowances were $148 million. The primary source of these impairments was weaker collateral performance in certain commercial real estate securities. Net investment income, excluding trading securities, was $1.2 billion, 13% higher than prior year. Strong performance from partnerships and alternative investments drove the improvement, and generated a 20% annualized return this past quarter. This is a great result and we have been pleased by the recovery here. However, given the volatility of returns over the last couple of years in this asset class, we think it is prudent to stick with our guidance assumption of zero return at least for the balance of 2010. Longer term, we expect this asset class to yield 6% to 8% annually. Finally, we continued to reposition the general account assets. Over the course of the second quarter, we reduced net commercial real estate exposures by almost $800 million. As we said in April, we are balancing yield, capital and fair value in determining whether to hold or sell individual securities. Our purchase activity favored higher quality corporate debt, as well as agency-backed MBS. In total, we purchased about $2.1 billion of corporate debt and slightly less than $1 billion of agency-backed MBS. We like the progress we're making in the investment portfolio. The actions we have taken have improved the risk profile of the general account. And while liquidity remains higher than our long-term target, for now, we like the flexibility it affords us in this investment environment. Now, let's turn to Slide 9 for our updated guidance. As we announced last evening, our core 2010 earnings guidance is $2.10 to $2.30 per share. At the midpoint, the guidance range implies core earnings of about $0.90 per share for each of the next two quarters, taking into account a slightly higher share count. The updated range reflects actual core earnings results for the first half of the year, equity market levels at the end of July, a modestly lower Group Benefits margin. Otherwise, there are no changes to the second half outlook. As we said in April, our third quarter financial results will reflect the new organizational structure. We will provide the analyst investor community with recast historical financial information to update your models well in advance of the earnings call. Our second quarter results can be summarized as follows: [ph] (49:13) Through a period of market volatility, with several items impacting earnings, the core franchise performed well and our capital position remained very strong, with statutory surplus essentially unchanged from year-end levels; investments continue to recover, with net unrealized losses declining 50% to $1.5 billion; we are balancing growth and profitability in a low interest rate environment today, while continuing to invest in our businesses for the future; and finally, we operationalized a new strategy focusing on customers, brand, growth and efficiency, with early signs of traction. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick as we move into the Q&A session.
Richard Costello: Thank you Chris. Before we begin the Q&A session, I would ask the callers to limit themselves to two questions. This will allow us to get to as many callers as possible. Ginger, you may now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I had a question first on your -- like just to get an idea on how far along you are in your portfolio restructuring. And then related to that, on the CMBS assets that you sold, the $800 million, what sort of pricing you got on those? And then secondly, on the variable annuities, your deposits and flows have obviously been weak. And the new products have been only out for a little bit. But it doesn't seem like it's been as well received as I would have thought at least initially. So just wanted to get an idea if you've discussed or would you consider rolling out products with more rich equity market type guarantees that some of the competitors are selling, to improve your results?
Liam McGee: Hi Jimmy, this is Liam. Why don't I take the second question first and I'll turn the first question over to Greg on the portfolio. I think in context, as you allude, the new product is just now fully available in the distribution partners, as well as the larger states. We've told you in the last quarter or two, that, that process took longer than we would like. You're right. The volumes have not yet hit the levels that we would like in total for annuity. But we still receive quite encouraging feedback. I was with one of the larger broker dealers myself just a few weeks ago and the feedback has been quite positive. So as I said in my remarks, now that we're in the distribution and in the states we need to be in, we'll evaluate it very factually over the next few quarters. Lastly, just to reiterate, we are committed to the Annuity business. We're going to continue to invest in product, marketing and distribution toward our ultimate goal of that approximately $5 billion in 2012. Greg, why don't you comment on Jimmy's questions around an investment portfolio?
Gregory Mcgreevey: Yes, Jimmy, there's two parts to your question. On the first part on portfolio repositioning. I think overall, we feel very comfortable and largely through a lot of our portfolio positioning from a de-risking standpoint, we're encouraged by a lot of the transactions that we've done in the first half of this year. Balancing the things that Chris had mentioned, which are fair value, capital and future net investment income. We'll continue to re-underwrite our portfolio, come up with fair values, look at market values relative to those fair values and then, again balance capital and income and continuing to look at trade opportunities. But in general, we feel from a de-risking standpoint, we feel largely through most of that portfolio positioning. In terms of CMBS, which was the second part of your question. In the second quarter, we sold about $600 million of CMBS holdings. Most of those were to take advantage of an improvement that we've seen in CMBS pricing overall. We sold those at a net slight unrealized gain for the quarter. And again, it's really taking into consideration those things that I had mentioned before, in balancing, those fair values, capital and future net investment income. And we'll continue to look at our CMBS portfolio and other parts of our portfolio to take those things into consideration.
Operator: And your next question from Darin Arita from Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: On the investment portfolio, and going back to the capital scenario laid out in April. And you talked about a $2.8 billion investment really that impacted the use of capital. I'm wondering how reasonable is that number, given the unrealized loss position is now down to $1.5 billion.
Liam McGee: Hi, Darin. This is Liam. First, just to put in context. Recall, the $2.8 billion was under a severe stress scenario, as you recall. There were many factors but the two primarily stress factors were prolonged S&P decline starting at $700 million and then an additional 20% reduction in values were residential and commercial real estate. Even under that scenario today, we think the $2.8 billion number would be reduced. And obviously, assuming that scenario, which we all hope doesn't materialize, our losses over the cycle should be well inside that number. Greg, is there anything else you want to say?
Gregory Mcgreevey: The only thing I'd say, Darin, is clearly, that's not our expected view of economic formation. We're beginning to see stabilization in real estate values of both residential and commercial. And I think as Liam pointed out in his comments, we think impairments as we move forward, are going to moderate compared to certainly what we've seen. And we'd expect that trend to continue as we proceed over the next number of quarters.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: Thank you. And just one other looking at the Life business and the statutory capital. The declines during the quarter, can you talk about the cause of the decline and whether we should expect a similar size decline if the market fell by 12% again in the third quarter?
Christopher Swift: Darin, it's Chris. Thank you for the question. I think as I pointed out, from the end of the year, statutory surplus is level. We increased in the first quarter, decreased here, primarily driven out of equity market decline and the yen/dollar, yen/euro movement. As we sit here today, as you know, the markets were recovered slightly in July. And I would estimate that we recovered approximately 50% of that $700 million decline that you referenced.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Just so I understand though. Is it rather linear as we go up and down? Or is it a little more complex than that?
Christopher Swift: It's a lot more complex. We could talk to you more about it if you'd like but it's more complex.
Operator: And your next question from [ph] (57:11) Ed Behar from Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: First, I was wondering if you could give us some sense for statutory earnings, either six months or how you're thinking about statutory earnings for the full year in the Life business. And then the second question is, I was wondering if you had thought or looked at any closer to the idea of hedging more of the risk in Japan. And if you have any update as to how much it might cost today if you were to go out and try to hedge the entire exposure.
Liam McGee: Ed, it's Liam. The second part, obviously, in any element of our business, we're constantly evaluating risk and risk protection. Japan would be among those. I couldn't give any more specifics about what the cost parameters would be for a variety of options. But as in any part of our business, we're evaluating risk protection. Chris, did you want to comment on the first part?
Christopher Swift: Yes, on the statutory, Life earnings, I have numbers in front of me, Ed. Maybe if we could talk more in detail offline. But through the first half of the year, we actually lost about $500 million on a statutory basis and then projected to make up all of that and then some in the second half of the year, ultimately earning $700 million of statutory net income. And I would just add on Japan. We've looked at a lot of different activities over the last couple of months here. There's nothing out there that we feel is appropriate at this time.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just to follow-up. The statutory numbers that you're giving me. That's net income or operating?
Christopher Swift: Operating income.
Unidentified Analyst: And is the loss in the first half because of the reserve increases for the equity market decline? Or is something else going on?
Christopher Swift: Exactly, there's the [indiscernible] (59:13) impact coming through the second half of the year. Our outlook as you know, assumes that the equity markets still rise 7.2% in the second half of the year. So that's where we see the recovery.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Can I just ask, when you gave your -- you had your investor day and you talked about sort of the stress analysis and you gave a two-year cumulative number for statutory operating income under sort of a bad case scenario. If I recall, I think there was like $1.6 billion or something of earnings. Is that correct over two years?
Christopher Swift: Over two years for both the Life and Property-Casualty.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. But I guess the question is if you lose money when the market's down in the Life business, what was it that led you to assume that you made money over two years in a down market scenario?
Christopher Swift: Well, if you recall, we shocked the down market scenario, we shocked at 1/1/2010. So you had the immediate decline and then sort of the gradual recovery in market rates, plus the other spread-based businesses that would produce statutory income. So it's a day one impact and then sort of slow and steady going forward.
Operator: And your next question is from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: Chris, just a follow-up. The $700 million reduction in the statutory capital in the Life business. Can you just split that out between equity market impacts, interest rates and other, just so we have the components? And then the second question is, can you talk also about how lapse rates are trending for your U.S. variable annuity business? In particular, when I think about the DAC review that you'll be doing for 3Q for your full-year update, are they trending better or worse than expected as it relates to utilization of the GMWB benefit and just overall for withdrawals?
Christopher Swift: Sure, Tom. On your first question, I think you were looking really for the attribution of the $700 million. Simply stated, through a number of pluses and minuses on the liability side to hedge asset offset, I would attribute 60% of the $700 million decline to equity and 40% to FX, with interest rates really being offset by our hedge position on the hedge side. On lapses, as you know, we're in the middle of our review right now. I don't think we have a definitive view, if we're seeing a trend one way or the other at this point in time. So as we continue to close out the third quarter, we'll keep you posted as far as what we're seeing. But right now, we don't have any indications one way or the other.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG: And just a follow-up, Chris. Can you talk about what kind of utilization rates you're seeing on your GMWB policies, as a percent of in-force?
Christopher Swift: What I've seen is it's fairly consistent. I can't quote you the exact numbers, but the trends and the data I see, it's fairly consistent from period to period.
Operator: And your next question is from John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: As it relates to the guidance, you're assuming the S&P of 7.2% annualized from June 30 and that clearly looks reasonable after we see the move in July. However, in the next sort of bullets in the release, you talk about that the guidance doesn't include an estimate on DAC unlocks, positive or negative. But clearly, if the S&P were to close the quarter around this level, you've got a positive DAC unlock. I mean I guess ignoring the potential for some hits or some adjustments with your annual review. I was just hoping you could sort of quantify what the positives essentially DAC unlock, reversing the second quarter numbers would be if markets closed here?
Christopher Swift: Thank you. The way we estimate it is basically for each 10-point movement in the S&P, we would expect to see a $10 million to $20 million earnings impact. So if it's up 100, hopefully through today, you could see a general range of what we would expect the DAC unlock to be positive in the third quarter. Does that help?
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I'm sorry, that was 10% is $10 million to $20 million or 1% is $10 million to $20 million?
Christopher Swift: A 10-point move.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: A 10-point move, thank you. My second question's just on Group Benefits. In your supplement, you show the reserves for the underlying product lines there and I noticed that the group disability reserves increased nearly $100 million quarter-over-quarter, about 2% and premiums in group disability fell 2% quarter-over-quarter. So I was just wondering if you could give us some detail on the driver of that reserve increase. Was that incidents related? Was that lower discount rate on new claims reserves? Something else?
Juan Andrade: Yes, John. This is Juan Andrade. Really, the driver of all of this is really increased incidents from long-term disability. And also to a lesser extent, lower claim terminations.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. And is that increase reflecting just what you saw in 2Q? Or does that bake in an expectation that those incidence rates and lower claim terminations continue?
Juan Andrade: Yes, so this is basically baking in the trend that we started to pick up, I would say at the end of the first quarter, really into the second quarter of '09, of '10 rather.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. So in other words, if incidence and claim terminations remained at around the same level, we shouldn't see increased reserves as a result, you already have that baked in?
Juan Andrade: We're already starting to bake that in. The other thing that we're putting in there is additional pricing in our long-term disability lines to make sure that we maintain our pricing for our target returns.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. And how long should it take to re-price the book then?
Juan Andrade: So I would say, as you know we have three-year guarantees on this book of business and so roughly 40%, 50% of the book would be impacted on an annual basis.
Operator: And your next question is from Randy Binner from FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I think Ed was asking about Life's stat earnings. Did we discuss P&C's stat earnings in the quarter or first half?
Christopher Swift: No, we did not, and again they're trending as expected as had a little bit of obviously a bump with cat. We've been taking dividends out. So their statutory surplus is pretty much unchanged also from year-end. On the statutory, I'll call it actual earnings side, just looking at my notes here, we'd expect the second half of the year to make statutory net income of around $600 million.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. And then that's operating, right?
Christopher Swift: Correct.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then, I'm sorry, what was the first half number?
Christopher Swift: View it as pretty much breakeven to maybe just slightly positive.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Understood, with the surplus comment, that's great. And then just on the 11% ROE goal for 2012, that was kind of the key takeaway from the April Investor Day. Expense improvements, P&C margins, among other items, were kind of the key drivers there. There's been a moderate decrease here in guidance, but just would appreciate any color on how that longer-term goal is still trending.
Christopher Swift: Yes, Randy, I would just point out that I don't believe we decreased guidance. So if your premise is that we decreased guidance, I would say that's generally not true, except for Group Benefits. Everything else in our guidance remains unchanged. If you look at total Property and Casualty, loss ratios are still within the range that we published initially. We still see that during the outlook years through 2012. So we believe completely that the 11% is an achievable number based on the results that we're producing right now.
Operator: And your next question is from Eric Berg from Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: I mean I know sort of why you wrote down the goodwill. I mean it's not an inconsequential number. Could you offer some insight into what happened there? I realize that this was part of a larger plan here, but I'm not sure if it sort of justified overpaying to the extent that you did. And my second question is in your financial supplement, you disclosed the results of proprietary versus non-proprietary mutual funds. When you were talking about the -- when one is talking about the funds that are marketed under The Hartford brand by independent financial advisers and managed by Wellington, would those be the proprietary funds?
David Levenson: So on the non-proprietary side, those are the funds that are subsidized by Wellington. And on the proprietary side, those are the funds that are managed internally by [ph] (1:09:50) by HMCAP.
Liam McGee: And then, Eric, on the first question. It's Liam. As you're well aware, the thrift was purchased primarily as a vehicle to receive CPP funds from the government. As Chris also said, GAAP requires a goodwill evaluation at year-end, which we just completed. And the difference, as he said, is between what the purchase price was and what our current valuation of its value is. And all of the charge that was taken and the timing, again I'd reiterate, is really driven by GAAP.
Operator: And your next question is from Mark Finkelstein from Macquarie.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: I want to go back to Group Benefits and maybe reframe Nadel's question just a little bit. Thinking about it from a guidance perspective. Year to date, the loss ratio is about 77%. The full year guidance, if I'm reading this correctly, is 73% to 76%, implying a 75% or lower benefit ratio for the back half of the year. I mean knowing the environment we're in and just kind of the rising level of incidents that you're showing, I guess what gives you the confidence that the benefit ratio is going to subside as much as that in the back half of the year?
Juan Andrade: Great thanks, Mark. This is again Juan Andrade. I would say the revised guidance that we put out there on loss ratio for the Group Benefits business is between 73% and 76%. Part of the reason that we have confidence that the second half of the year will be better is historically, we do see lower claims incidents in the second part of the year, typically about one point on after-tax profit margin. So that does give us the confidence that we'll be able to be within that guidance range.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: Okay. So typical 4Q seasonality is a pretty sizable benefit assumption?
Juan Andrade: That is correct.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then Chris, at your Investor Day on April 1, you discussed the 200-basis-point cut in the expense ratio. I think you'd been there a month at that stage. I guess what I'm asking is do we now have a formal plan on the expense side? How crystallized is it and how should we think about the timeframe for these expenses starting to get pushed through the businesses?
Liam McGee: Hi, this is Liam. Let me take that one. As you accurately recall, we did talk about 200-basis-point reduction in the efficiency ratio, which as you know is both revenue and expenses, number one, and that's by 2012. Secondly, as I alluded in my comments, we do have very specific work already underway. First tangible evidence of that was to take the various parts of the operations in the company, which were distributed among the businesses and now running it as an enterprise operations function, which will help us from a customer service perspective, as we do have inconsistencies. We have redundant, and oftentimes non-compatible technology platforms between those businesses and we'll drive efficiencies. And so there will be other bodies of work across the company, very analogous to that. So that work is underway. It has very specific project management and accountabilities for the results.
Operator: And your final question is from Andrew Kligerman from UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: I wanted to ask about the $700 million drop in surplus and the fact that your macro hedge delivered $193 million. Is that robust enough in your view? And you mentioned you weren't changing the international hedging program, but maybe some additional plans on that. Then real quickly, LTD. You mentioned you're taking rates. How much? To what degree? And on asbestos, could you give us a ratio that would indicate the adequacy of your new reserves? I remember about seven years ago, I think asbestos reserves were taken up by about $3 billion. So I'm wondering if there's some ratio or benchmark that would give us comfort that your new study really nailed it and that we shouldn't expect more reserve hits.
Liam McGee: Andrew, on the first question, I'll let Juan answer the second one. On the first question, as you know, we have a combination of hedging and capital. And we'll constantly, as I said in my earlier response to the specific Japanese question, we do and we'll constantly reevaluate that balance. And if we think we should rely more on hedging than we have, we'll do so or less if we think that's appropriate. So I think that's a dynamic process. But let me reiterate, as I said in my comments and I think Chris has said in his comments as well. On the capital side, I'm really pleased with the capital strength we are able to demonstrate with all the volatility in this quarter. Juan? How would you answer Andrew's question?
Juan Andrade: Great, Andrew. Thanks. This is Juan Andrade. First, on the LTD piece of it. As I mentioned, we are seeing increased incidence in LTD. And in order to ensure that we continue to price to our long-term partner returns, we are taking price. I would say in the low single digits at this point in time. But this is something that we monitor very carefully and we will react as we need to. I think with regard to asbestos, I think as you know, every second quarter, we do our ground-up review. We took asbestos up by about $169 million, and what we found this time was really an increase in severity and expense, driven by litigation in certain jurisdictions, cancer cases, et cetera. Very much in concert with what some of our competitors have also reported in recent asbestos studies. As to the number that we took up in this study, we do feel very comfortable with it. Obviously, we don't forecast what we think development is going to be. It's one of the reasons why we do such a thorough ground-up review of this. And we have consistently been really in the 61-percentile range, as we said, our asbestos reserves and we continue to be there. So we actually feel very good about the number that we've just put up.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: 61 percentile, Juan, meaning 61% of what?
Juan Andrade: So this is typically the range of reserves for asbestos and this number happens to be again, between the 50th and the 70th percentile of confidence. So it's typically where we have been historically with our asbestos reserves. So again, it goes back to the confidence that we feel about the consistency of our reserving methodology.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: And I mean there's no number on like reserve to trailing, payments or something like that, that kind of sticks out, that would give us additional comfort?
Juan Andrade: No, I think really, there isn't per se anything at least that is comparative. We look at these ground-up studies on a very detailed basis every time that we do them. And the number that we put up is really the number that we feel is the exact number that we need at that point in time.
Christopher Swift: It's Chris Swift. If it disappears, I'll throw this out there. I just wanted to clarify your question, now that I could picture the chart that we put up there on April 1. On the right-hand side of the page was the VA impact of the down-market. So we isolated the impact of the down-market of $1.7 billion on the right-hand side of the page. The left-hand side of the page was again, stressed operating income for the two periods for Property-Casualty and Life, shown on a gross basis. So we didn't net the two numbers together. We showed them gross, and my comments still stand. I mean they will have normal operations that'll produce operating income outside of the VA decline effective 1/1/2010. Hope that helps.
Richard Costello: Ginger, I think we have no more questions at this time.
Operator: No, sir.
Richard Costello: This is Rick Costello, with no more questions. Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to seeing you on the third quarter conference call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Juan Andrade -  John Walters - Executive Vice President, President of Life Operations and Chief Operating Officers of Life Operations Gregory Mcgreevey - Chief Investment Officer, Executive Vice President, Member of Office of Chairman and President of Hartford Investment Management Company Liam McGee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Finance/Investment/Risk Management Committee Christopher Swift - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard Costello - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG Paul Sarran - Macquarie Research Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc. Scott Frost - HSBC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Conchetta, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Rick Costello, you may begin your conference.
Richard Costello: Thank you, Conchetta. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for The Hartford's First Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday. The slide presentation for today's call is available on the Company's website at thehartford.com. CEO, Liam McGee; and CFO, Chris Swift, will provide prepared remarks this morning, and we will finish with Q&A. Also participating on today's call are Juan Andrade, President of the Property and Casualty Operations, John Walters, President of the Life Operations, Greg McGreevy, Chief Investment Officer, and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel.  Turning to the presentation, on Slide 2. Please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2010, our 2009 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date. Today's discussion of The Hartford's financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is provided in the investor financial supplement for the first quarter of 2010, in the press release we issued yesterday and in the Investor Relations section of The Hartford's website at www.thehartford.com. Now I will hand the call over to The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee.
Liam McGee: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. And thank you again for joining us today. Before we get started, I want to welcome Chris Swift to his first Hartford Earnings Call. I'm pleased to have him on-board and appreciate his contributions to what the Company has accomplished in the past 60 days. I also want to thank those of you who joined us earlier this month for our investor presentation, either in person in New York or on the webcast. We appreciate the positive feedback, as well as the questions we've received and we're now focused on executing our strategy in achieving the financial targets we set, high single-digit core earnings growth and an 11% ROE by 2012.  I'll provide some additional color on the strategy today and share some of our earlier progress. Obviously, success will not come in one quarter and instead, will be measured by the results we generate over the next few years. And as I've said, since my arrival, our goal is to deliver superior shareholder returns over time through a sustained profitable growth, and that is what we intend to do. We made good progress in the first quarter. We continue to execute on our 2010 plans, strengthen the balance sheet with a successful capital raise and the TARP repayment and launched our new strategy. While there is more to do, frankly, we got a lot done. I want to thank The Hartford team for all their hard work and efforts.  With net income of $319 million, the first quarter marked our second consecutive profitable quarter and as a company committed to driving sustained profitability, this is an important result. A strong equity market, our continued commitment to underwriting discipline, and improving credit markets, all contributed to our results. Chris will go into more detail, but we did have a few one-time charges for the quarter, relating to the TARP repurchase, the settlement of a litigation matter and the impact of new federal healthcare legislation. Without these items, core earnings would have been over $1.30 per share. The first quarter also showed growing top line momentum across many of our business lines, including Mutual Funds, Retirement Plans and P&C commercial lines. Both Small Commercial and Middle Market continued to generate profitable new business growth in the first quarter. They also reported meaningful increases in policy retention. In fact, in Small Commercial, we added more new business policies and had the highest policy count retention in three years.  In Wealth Management, net flows were positive and sales showed year-over-year gains in most of our ongoing businesses. Mutual fund sales were up 63% over the prior year and retirement plan deposits were up 15%. In individual life, we posted a year-over-year sales increase for the first time, since the second quarter of 2008. In consumer markets, the AARP through agent program continues to generate top line growth, accounting now for 20% of new business in the states where it's available. We're on track to have the AARP through agent offering in the 42 states in the second half of this year. For the rest of 2010, we anticipate a modestly improving economic environment, which should help to drive top line improvements in our more economically sensitive lines. Finally, we were pleased to finish the quarter with book value per common share 61% higher than last March at $38.94. And more important is the fact that book value per share was essentially flat. We think, this is a good result, as rising prices on our fixed maturity holdings and the earnings power of our businesses offset the dilutive impacts of the capital raise. We made significant progress strengthening the balance sheet this quarter. We had a very successful capital raise and were pleased by the reception we received from investors. We believe The Hartford now has the right capital structure for this environment and is positioned to move forward with a balance sheet that can handle any reasonable stress scenario. As you know, we announced our go-forward plan earlier this month. The strategy leverages The Hartford's key strengths: a strong brand, a unique product breadth, enviable distribution and a large growing customer base across our organization. To ensure that we execute this plan and instill discipline and accountability for delivering results, Chris has established a team that will drive consistency, in terms of our changed processes and how we will measure progress and success. We are already well underway on work related to commercial markets, operations, IT and overall efficiency. The Hartford's organization is shifting to the customer-focused structure. And teams are working together to call on customers, leverage best practices and importantly, win new business. As an example, within the last couple of weeks, our Commercial Markets business, a combination of Group Benefits and P&C commercial lines has had some early customer wins. Sales teams are beginning to join together, sharing information about relationships, sales practices and industry appetites. They are quickly uncovering new opportunities and we are encouraged by these early results. Brokers and agents have expressed support and enthusiasm, as this is the way many of them go to market. And they see the value of having a partner with a single point of accountability.  Innovation is an important element of our strategy and earlier this week, we launched an important new product that combines, in a unique way, our expertise in workers' compensation, a traditional P&C discipline and group benefits, a traditional life discipline. With this innovative offering, which we call The Hartford Productivity Advantage, employers will be able to manage all types of employee leaves, workers' compensation, short-term and long-term disability and FMLA in one system. For an employer, this will make it easier for them to manage this complex process and will help them achieve efficiencies and improve productivity. This product gives us a distinct market advantage. This is something that a P&C-only or life-only company cannot easily match and it provides considerable advantages to time-and-money-strapped benefit managers. This is just the first of what we expect will be more one-of-a-kind value-added offerings that leverage our product breadth. So in summary, the first quarter was a profitable and productive one for The Hartford. We executed our 2010 plan, strengthened the balance sheet and launched our go-forward strategy. We are moving forward to generate sustained profitable growth with strength, confidence, focus, and discipline. The Hartford will celebrate its 200th anniversary on May 10. And over the next few weeks, you can expect to see the Hartford brand highly visible, as we celebrate our history, but more importantly, our future. Our employees and partners are excited to take this company into our third century. With that, I'll turn it over to Chris Swift, who will get into more detail on our financial results and outlook. Chris?
Christopher Swift: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. It's great to be with you today. Let's begin on Slide 4. As we reported yesterday, net income for the first quarter was $319 million and core earnings were $545 million. On a per-share basis, we reported core earnings of $0.14 and a net loss of $0.42. These numbers reflect the $440 million CPP repayment charge that was previously disclosed. Because the CPP charge runs through retained earnings, it reduces the computation of per-share amounts for net income in core earnings. The first quarter core earnings impact from this charge was $1.03 per share. First quarter results were generally in line with our expectations that reflect strong performance in most segments. The quarter also benefited from several items, including an $85 million DAC unlock, net prior-year reserve releases of $58 million and lower realized capital losses.  As Liam mentioned, several one-time charges impacted first quarter results. In addition to the CPP charge, we accrued a litigation charge of $47 million or $0.11 per share. This relates to an agreement in principle that we reached earlier this month to resolve a 2005 class action related to our structured settlement business. The quarter also included a $19 million tax charge arising from the new federal healthcare bill, as we disclosed on April 1. In total, these one-time items amounted to roughly $1.18 per share in the quarter. As Liam also mentioned, all-in book value per share was essentially flat in the quarter when compared to year-end 2009. As we said at our April 1 investor event, going forward, we will report diluted book value per share, excluding AOCI. This calculation has two benefits. First, it eliminates volatility from mark-to-mark changes in our investment portfolio. And second, it takes into account the preferred shares we issued in March, as well as the outstanding warrants. You could see in the slide that diluted book value per share, excluding AOCI, ended the first quarter at $39.85.  Finally, core earnings ROE for the 12 months ended March 2010 was 10.6%. This includes the benefit of approximately $750 million of positive DAC unlocks over the past four quarters. This benefit was partially offset by the $440 million CPP charge in the first quarter. Excluding these two items, core earnings ROE was 9%. Let's move to Slide 5. Before I begin, I want to update you on a few changes in our segment reporting. In our investor event in April, we announced that we would organize The Hartford around its customer segments. The process of reorganizing the company is underway and we tend to align our segment reporting with the new organization later this year, beginning with our third quarter results. That said, we did make two changes in our Life segment in the first quarter. The first change was to move the Mutual Fund business from the old Retail segment into a new segment called Retirement. The new Retirement segment includes Mutual Fund and Retirement Plans businesses. The first quarter investor supplement restates prior periods to reflect this change. The second change was to combine all mutual fund related assets and results within the Mutual Fund business. This change was made on a prospective basis only, beginning with the first quarter of 2010. Previously, the mutual fund related assets and results were reported in several segments. As a result, it was impossible for investors to see the totality of our mutual fund complex. With almost $98 billion of assets under management, we believe it was important to clarify the size and scale of this operation.  Now moving back to Slide 5. Let's discuss our operating performance for the quarter. Although we intend to formally change our reporting structure for our third quarter results, my comments in the slide are organized around our new customer-centric businesses. First, consumer markets. We continue to strike the right balance between growth and profitability. Written premiums were $941 million, essentially flat to last year. The current accident year combined ratio was 91.1%, excluding cat [catastrophe], which were in line with our expectations. We've been taking a number of actions to improve profitability in both auto and home. These steps include improving rate in both lines, while focusing new business on more profitable 40-plus preferred and near-preferred consumer segments. We are seeing the benefits of these actions, as 80% of the new business in the first quarter came from these more profitable segments. Additionally, premium retention improved to 87%, driven by 5% and 9% increases in auto and home, respectively. We are pleased with the growth opportunities in this business. Policies in force grew year-over-year in both auto and home, even as we raised rates. A significant contributor to that growth is our unique AARP relationship, which we continue to expand with our AARP-through-agents initiative. Now let's turn to Slide 6 for the discussion of the commercial markets results. Our Property and Casualty commercial lines continue to execute well in the quarter. Underwriting profitability was strong, with x cat accident year combined ratio of 92.8%. This ratio reflects strong performance in small commercial, middle market and specialty commercial operations, with lost costs remaining within expectation. Our renewal pricing was positive in middle market and small commercial, as we continue to take rate where appropriate. Written premiums for the first quarter were essentially unchanged from the first quarter of 2009. The weak economy continues to depress exposure levels, particularly for our larger policy holders. In middle market, a reduction in auto premiums lowered year-over-year growth by three percentage points. However, improving policy and premium retention and new business growth were enough to offset the impact of the weak economy in the quarter. Small Commercial business climbed 9% in the quarter and year-over-year policies in force grew 4%, driven by the success of our growing Spectrum business owner's policy. Also highlighted on Slide 6, is our Group Benefits business. Fully insured premiums for group insurance had been pressured by lower payrolls. The lower premium, along with the increase in morbidity and higher commissions in our loss-rated business, weighed down first quarter results. Quarter also reflected typical seasonality we expect, with respect to severity. Now let's turn to the first quarter Wealth Management results on Slide 7. Our Wealth Management business showed increasing sales momentum in the first quarter. Mutual Fund business had another outstanding quarter with deposits totaling $4.4 billion, up 63% over first quarter of 2009 on a comparable basis. The significant growth was driven by a combination of strong fund performance and improving equity markets. Looking ahead, we have launched several initiatives to increase institutional mutual fund activity in the remainder of 2010. In Retirement Plans, strong fourth quarter sales drove a 15% year-over-year increase in first quarter deposit to $2.6 billion. First quarter sales were also strong and we could end the year closer to the top end of our deposit guidance if payrolls rise and plan sponsors restart their matching programs. We also saw a top line improvement in individual life, with sales up 5% year-over-year. The growth was driven by traction in the independent producer channel, activity levels have been steadily rising and we are optimistic about sales growth potential from this new distribution opportunity. As expected, U.S. variable annuity sales for the first quarter were down from prior year at $454 million.  Feedback on our Personal Retirement Manager product continues to be positive. However, the process of launching the product in all states and with all our key distribution partners is frankly, taking longer than we anticipated. In light of first quarter sales and the slower product launch, we have lowered our full year guidance for VA sales to range from $1.4 billion to $2.2 billion. Finally, profitability in all our Wealth Management businesses in the first quarter was significantly higher than prior-year levels. Margins have increased due to strong equity market appreciation and the expense action the company completed in 2009. In addition, we have benefited from positive net flows in our Non-Annuity businesses. Now let's turn to Slide 8 for a review of our investment results. We saw significant improvements in our investment portfolio in the first quarter. Slide 8 shows the extent to which unrealized losses declined, spread tightening was the primary driver for the improvement. This favorable trend has continued in April, as prices in the CMBS markets have continued to improve. First quarter impairments were $152 million, this is the lowest level The Hartford has seen since before the financial crisis. Primary source of the impairments was collateral deterioration in specific CMBS and CRE CDO security. We also recorded a mortgage loan valuation allowance of $112 million in the first quarter. In connection with our ongoing de-risking efforts, we have been selling mezzanine loans and BPs [ph] loan participation. During the quarter, we sold approximately $600 million of these loans. We've also identified another $400 million of loans that we intend to sell over the next 90 to 180 days. Most of the valuation that we accrued in the first quarter is attributable to these loans. Once we complete the planned sales, the carrying value of the company's mezzanine and BPs [ph] loans will be less than $500 million, down over 70% since year-end 2008. These actions have meaningfully reduced the risk in our ongoing portfolio and Greg and his team are doing an outstanding job in this effort. Now let's turn to Slide 9 for our updated guidance. As we announced last evening, our new core earnings guidance for 2010 is between $2.70 and $3 per share. The updated range takes into account our first quarter results, as well as a slightly weaker Group Benefits outlook for the remainder of the year. A number of assumptions embedded in the guidance are listed on Slide 9. I won't review them with you today, but they are key to understanding the guidance. Finally, you will see in our earnings release, that we updated guidance for deposits, net flows and ROA in our Mutual Fund business to reflect the reporting changes we made.  Our first quarter results can be summarized as follows: Core earnings were generally in line with our expectation; top line momentum is building across many of our ongoing businesses; our investment portfolio benefited from favorable credit markets, a trend that we continue to see in April; and finally, we increased our full year core earnings guidance by $0.10 per share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick, as we move into the Q&A session.
Richard Costello: Thank you, Chris. Before we begin the Q&A session, I would ask each caller to limit himself or herself to two questions. This will allow us to get to as many callers as possible. Conchetta, you may now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: One, the targeted ROE for '12 of 11%, just looking at the Property-Casualty business, where I might have the most skepticism, would the combined ratio ex-cat prior-year development need to be in your guided range of 91.5% to 94.5%? That's the first question. And then real quickly on the alternative investment income, what is it, about $1.7 billion of investments. I think you earned about $6 million this quarter, not a big yield, and you've got zero guidance for the balance of the year. When is it going to -- when might you expect to see an improvement? What might it take for that to turn and generate some material yield to The Hartford?
Liam McGee: Andrew, this is Liam. I'll have one answer to the first question and then Greg will take the second question.
Juan Andrade: Andrew, this is Juan. If I understood your question correctly, I think your asking us if in order for us to generate targeted ROEs in our range, whether we need to be within the combined ratio guidance range that we have provided. The answer is the combined ratio guidance we have actually will produce better ROEs than that. It would complement with the profitability that we're currently generating.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: And Juan, I mean, and I guess this kind of ties back to Chris, I mean when you look out to '12, do you need to stay in that range in '12? Or can it even go outside that range and you would feel comfortable with an 11% ROE?
Juan Andrade: These are from Property-Casualty standpoint. I think you do have some flexibility in going outside of that range. Now we clearly don't discuss the party of combined ratios per segment, but you can actually have some flexibility with that range.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: So the company could, overall, the corporation could do an 11% ROE. I guess I understand P&C ROEs. I'm talking Hartford Corporate overall.
Christopher Swift: Andrew, it's Chris. That is guidance and the objective and the goals Liam and I sent out in April, an overall 11% ROE for the organization in 2012. So we have some flexibility within the loss ratio. The guidance also, for the remainder of the year, does not include any other, I'll call, a favorable development. So we're not predicting at it at this point in time. We do have our other operations guidance that we continue to give. But again, I think your overall question is, what is the overall Hartford enterprise target? It is 11%.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: And just to make sure I'm clear, if the combined ratio went out of the 94, the high end a little bit, you think you could still do it?
Christopher Swift: Yes, we have flexibility. Again, the overall strategy, if you recall, is driven by organic growth. So we think we have ability to continue to generate organic growth, and then we'll have other, I'll call it, capital management levers to utilize it at the appropriate time. Greg, do you want to take the second part to answer the question?
Gregory Mcgreevey: Yes. So anyway, just on the alternative side, our alternative performance, it improved significantly, as you pointed out in the first quarter compared to prior quarters over the past year. And let me give you just a couple of pieces of information. We didn't have very strong returns in private equity funds, and to a lesser extent, hedge funds, which were offset by additional price declines in our real estate funds. So we're encouraged by these results, clearly, but we do want to see longer-term stabilization of results before changing any projections of returns, especially as it relates to the real estate market. Overtime, we do anticipate, as I think I mentioned on the last call, getting back to average historical returns in this asset class, somewhere in the 7% to 8% range.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I'm wondering if you could give us maybe a little bit more behind the increase in your guidance for 2010? I'm looking at the segment guidance in your release, and it looks like everything is sort of flat, maybe even down a little bit modestly in some of the Life cases. So just wondering what's driving the $0.10 increase in the overall guidance. Is that something on the investment income line? Is it lower share count than you previously expected? Or is it just a function of the market?
Christopher Swift: John, it's Chris. It's really a function of our actual first quarter results that we've printed, and then, I'll call it, the remaining three quarters, plus the favorable tailwinds that we feel in the market and the general improvements that we're experiencing.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I have a philosophical one for you. It may be Chris, especially in light of the change, the transition now as CFO, The Hartford reports the results of hedging programs, I guess especially related to the VA business below the line or outside of your operating earnings. And clearly, hedging is a cost of doing that business or being in that business. And if I compare you guys to just about everyone of your larger peers, they include those costs and operating results but you don't. I'm wondering if you'd contemplate a change there.
Christopher Swift: John, as we sort of get up to speed here, it's a good point. I can tell you honestly, we don't contemplate any changes at this point in time. We're fully aware of the economics and manage it that way. But from a reporting side, we haven't concluded if we're going to make any changes at this point in time.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: For Juan, maybe, just on favorable reserve development in your P&C business, it sustained a lot longer and at a higher level than I would have assumed maybe a year or two years ago. So if you could just give us some color on which accident years are developing positively across your various businesses. And then secondly, on employee benefits, your sales were weak this quarter, both Group Life and Group Disability were down. I'm assuming this is partly because of disruption and capital issues around midyear last year. But if you could comment on -- have things stabilized in over the last few months and whether you expect a recovery from this? Or is the first quarter of market share that you'd have a new base of that you would growth?
Juan Andrade: So let me address first the question on prior-year reserve development. So we continue to have a very strong reserve position. For the quarter, we had releases before tax of $90 million. Those were primarily in the liability lines, including middle market umbrellas, specialty casualty, general liability and also professional liability, directors and officers. With specific question regarding the accident years that they came from, it really depends on the line of business. So for example, if we look at the financial lines, those were primarily accident years 2001 to 2006. If you look at the umbrella prior-year development, those were accident years 2004, 2008. And also, if you look at our personal lines, you're looking at also essentially 2005, 2006. So essentially, that provides you a context for the accident years.
Liam McGee: Jimmy, John is going to take the Group Benefits question since that business reported to him this past quarter.
John Walters: Jimmy, on the Group Benefits side, I think we've been saying for some time that we expected sales in the first quarter to be slower because of the disruption that we had last year. This is our longest sales cycle business that is in the Life Company. So we expected it to be the longest to see the downturn, and therefore, the upturn should occur during 2010, culminating in the first quarter of 2011, which when we get all of our national account sales. So the biggest clients that we have, which is about 60% of our business, are generally one-on-one clients for when the sales occur. And that's what you're seeing in the first quarter here. We do see positive trends developing now, although the market continues to be very competitive from a pricing standpoint. And there is somewhat less activity in the market as people are effectively defending their existing positions.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Another one on Group Benefits, your loss ratio has been relatively stable year-over-year. I think it was up by 10 basis points or something. Have you seen an uptick in the disability claims with the economy getting worse? It doesn't seem like you have on a year-over-year basis, though.
John Walters: We're seeing some normal volatility in disability claims experience. We're seeing some minor uptick in things that we would say are more economically sensitive, but not enough yet to call that a conclusion as to really affecting our disability claims experienced. It's something we're watching closely and carefully managing but we can't say yet that that's really a driver of it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: This question is probably for Chris Swift. But just wondering, it sounds like you sold almost $1 billion or you're planning to sell almost $1 billion of these subordinated mortgage loans. Is there a material RBC pick-up there? And also wondering where you might be looking to reinvest some of those proceeds.
Liam McGee: We'll have Greg take that one, Randy.
Gregory Mcgreevey: I guess two parts to it. We have sold or in the process of selling $1 billion down in capital structure financials. Then when we look at that, we will take a small loss on those sales, but at the same time, we will get some capital impact from the investments that we're going to be taking that cash and reinvest it into. As we've talked about before, we're continuing to reinvest assets and high-quality corporate bonds primarily and driving towards our long-term model portfolio. So when you kind of think of this on a capital basis, we really think that the trades that we're doing are going to be capital-neutral over time, and we'll have little impact to ongoing and future income. So it would probably be capital-neutral, I guess, is the easiest way to think about it from a capital standpoint.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Any thoughts on the proposal from some NAIC [National Association of Insurance Commissioners] members to potentially increase the base rate for commercial mortgages?
Gregory Mcgreevey: We've been part of the working group discussions with the NAIC and have been monitoring that very closely. Clearly, it's our understanding that the NAIC proposal is open to further comment. That comment is being considered by proposal by the ACLI [American Council of Life Insurers]. It's really too early to tell right now because the proposal is still open to interpretation. I think the important thing for you to realize is if the NAIC draft of new proposal was adopted as written, we expect it would have a very insignificant impact on our capital base somewhere around $100 million or so.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So insignificant impact on capital base or on RBC overall?
Gregory Mcgreevey: On RBC, and that's on a levered RBC. So we think that if the proposal is adopted as is, that on a levered basis, the total impact from an RBC standpoint would be $100 million dollars or less on our portfolio.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So much less than the Moody's. The recent Moody's report on the subject might imply?
Gregory Mcgreevey: That is correct.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Darin Arita with Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a question on capital. I appreciate all the work that Hartford's done here with its stress scenarios and that makes sense, given everything that we've gone through. But I'm sort of wondering also if we could flip it around and say what could go right. What happens if the markets continue to rise? Or if the S&P gets up to, say, 1,400 or 1,500 rather then the stress scenarios of 700?
Liam McGee: Well, at high level, Darin -- this is Liam. At a high level as we've talked about in our investor conference, we're well aware that we could conceivably have capital flexibility in the future. Obviously, we think 30 days after showing you our stress scenario, it's too early to anticipate that. And it's also too early, if it were to occur, to speculate on what actions we might take. We think today and particularly in view of what happened in the markets around Greece this week, that we have the appropriate amount of capital for any reasonable stress scenario. If the scenarios you describe occur, obviously, we're running the firm to maximize shareholder value. We'll evaluate our options at that time.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: And then secondly, if I look at the Mutual Fund business, that franchise is coming together very well. I was wondering if you could give a little more detail in the initiative that you're taking to increase the institutional Mutual Fund business later this year.
Liam McGee: John will take that, Darin.
John Walters: We're very excited about how the Mutual Fund business is going today. We have very strong performance across a broad array of different asset classes, and you can see that in the sales number from the first quarter. The strongest part of our sales in the first quarter was in the Institutional space, where, for sometime, we've had an Institutional team that is out there trying to build that business. I would say, we're getting increased traction. We have reorganized that team to align better with the rest of our Mutual Fund business over the last six months. It used to be in our Institutional segment. We've aligned it with the Mutual Fund segment to give a better opportunity there. But we're also expanding into more of the Registered Investment Advisors space with that team, which is a group of independent advisors that can move large dollars in that business and where we think we've got the right product line to be successful. And so that's very early. But we expect to see improving trends there over time. It will be somewhat lumpy. So when you look quarter-to-quarter, you may see strong quarters and weaker quarters because they can be very large deposits. But we think that the trend overall will be positive.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Paul Sarran with Macquarie.
Paul Sarran - Macquarie Research: A question on variable annuities. It seems that with the delays in getting the Personal Retirement Manager product rolled out nationwide that Hartford could maybe be at risk of becoming increasingly out of sight, out of mind among producers, advisors and so on. So my question is, with each kind of extra month or quarter of delay in getting the product approved in the bigger states, does that make it incrementally more difficult for The Hartford to re-establish prominent position in the VA market once the product rollout is finally complete?
Liam McGee: This is Liam, and then John may certainly have some detail. I think it's important to emphasize two things. First of all, because it's a new product and a new concept, it has taken longer than we expected to get it approved in states and with the large distributors, as John indicated. However, to your point of relevance and out of sight, out of mind, as John can elaborate, the distributors themselves are very excited about the product. It's a different concept. And it reminds you that we said, we are aiming to generate about $5 billion in annuity sales by the year 2012. We're going to run our Annuity business against those three principles that we've been consistent in communicating. We want it to be a lower-cost product for the customer. We want it to be a simpler product, and we want it to be focused on guaranteed income. So because it's different in concept, it is taking longer. But that should not take from the fact that the distributors are actually quite excited about it. So a slower startup, but I actually think it will be quite relevant.
John Walters: In the mean time, in the states where we're not yet approved with the new product, we are continuing to sell our existing product. So we're not out of those states in the meantime. I think that's very important to understand. We have an outstanding sales organization that is continuing to actively engage with all of our historical producers and new producers, and to lay the groundwork for the new product as it comes out. We will be launching one of our key distributors in the month of May, which is a big next move for us. There's only one other major distributor that we're preparing to bring on. And then as we've said, we had got a couple of key states that are pending, and we're optimistic that those will get approved either in the second or early third quarters.
Paul Sarran - Macquarie Research: Are you seeing any higher turnover or maybe other signs of frustration within your internal producers, wholesalers, just with the sales levels down so significantly from a year ago and the delay in getting the product rolled out? Have you seen any effect there?
John Walters: No, we really haven't. We made the decision almost six months ago now to streamline our sales force. We think we retained the very best talent, and we have put programs in place to make sure that we continue to retain them. Their enthusiasm for the new product is quite high, and so is the question of executing on it and getting the sales momentum to build, which they are very focused on at this point.
Paul Sarran - Macquarie Research: One other question on the macro hedging strategy. Has there been any change in the approach to this strategy? And can you just maybe update us generally how you're thinking about the program?
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. Again I think, generally, you could think in terms of things that are consistent. I think the one major change that we could talk about is that we extended our macro equity protection into 2011 within the last two weeks, again, which we think is prudent, given that we took advantage of the market levels and some lower volatility and put on a little currency protection, again as the yen particularly weakened. We took some opportunities to put some protection on there just to cover some tail risk. So I would say, generally, as we've thought about or if you've thought about the program in the past, it's relatively consistent with another year of protection on a macro equity basis.
Paul Sarran - Macquarie Research: And so the equity program is still essentially buying straight equity puts. And from a cost basis, if the market kind of trends as expected, should we continue to see its losses around $75 million, $80 million a quarter?
Christopher Swift: Yes, it's a good point. Again I would call it out-of-the-money puts on the equity side. And again, given the market levels, I think you should maybe begin to think about it as $60 million a quarter as far as the cost of the new program in 2011.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Thomas Gallagher with Crdit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: Just wanted to follow up on the hedge to something John Nadel was asking before. Can you just remind us, what is included in the operating or core earnings, what's below the line? And it's a little foggy here since it was probably a while ago before we were as obsessed about core earnings here, but my recollection was it was something like 30 basis points, or maybe it was 20 basis points of a cost was actually being run through core earnings and then everything else, like the macro hedge that were being discussed now, is all below the line. Is that accurate? Or maybe you could just give us an update on what's included in core, what's below the line related to hedge costs.
Christopher Swift: It's simple. I think your statements are accurate as they are here today, yes.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: So Chris, there is some element that's being included in core earnings, which would be more the hedge that's specifically designed to match the liability. The macro hedge, which is more of a capital hedge, is not included. Is that fair to say?
Christopher Swift: I would describe it as, again, generally that way. I think in terms of our reinsurance costs, obviously sort of net fees in there. And so yes, I think you're correct.
Liam McGee: So Tom, you're describing it accurately.
Thomas Gallagher - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: And then just one other question on the variable annuities. Is there a minimum level -- and maybe this is for John and/or Chris. But is there a minimum level of sales that you need to produce on the variable annuity side in order to avoid a meaningful DAC write-off. And by that, I mean, is there some fixed cost element that's DAC-able, whether it's internal wholesale or costs or the like, that would require you to produce minimum sales level of VAs that we should be aware of and/or that would require much more substantial DAC amortization to be run through the P&L?
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. I mean the DAC policy, I mean we've capitalized costs at sort of very width [ph] (1:06:10) and are directly related to the production of new business. So from a fixed cost side, I'm not aware meaningfully -- we're capitalizing it at this point in time.
John Walters: The sales cannot create a big DAC write-off for us. So regardless of what the sales number is, that won't create a big DAC write-off. We are operating today at a sales level that is below what we would like to operate to fully cover all of our distribution costs. We expect to build back into that overtime. That's a conscious decision that we've made to protect the franchise as we get back into this business.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Frost with HSBC.
Scott Frost - HSBC: I wanted to talk about the proposed new derivatives rule. There's an article out in The Times, for example, speculating on the hit that broker-dealers could take if the rules were implemented. I wanted to ask, if anyone -- I came to the call late, if you've covered this already, I apologize. But has there anyone at your shop assessed the potential effect of new derivatives rules, what they would have on your results? If so, what have they said? If not, are there plans to do so? When would you have some sort of determination as to whether the new rules would affect you and what sort of magnitude and effect that might be?
Liam McGee: Well, Scott, as you know, it's not just a Hartford issue, it's an industry issue, number one. Number two, that is a work in flux and in change, and there's just not enough specificity for us to even speculate on that. Now I can assure you that our teammates are engaged and involved with that process, but I think it's too early to tell.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Would this effect hold GAAP results, as well -- would it affect statutory results, as well as GAAP results, do you think? Or can you give any kind of clarity with respect to that even?
Christopher Swift: Scott, it caused the increase through exchange-traded activities. If the Life industry does not get an exemption, we would have to record those costs, both on statutory and GAAP income statements.
Operator: You do have a follow-up question from Randy Binner.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Maybe to touch on the other pieces of the Financial Services Reform. I guess there's Volcker Rule, there's TARP tax. Liam, I just would be curious kind of to get your take on how Hartford and the industry might be affected by those measures as well.
Liam McGee: Well, Randy, as you know, I have to repeat what I said just a few seconds ago that we're well aware of the three primarily categories that you described that could impact our industry. But there's just not enough specificity yet for me to comment on what impacted, if any, it might have on us.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: A follow-up to what Paul was saying, I mean, is there any thought that the new Personal Retirement Manager product might also be better suited for a different distribution channel because it's a more kind of simplified lower-cost product? Would it necessarily be something as long as you're at an inflection point in distribution in any way? Should we think of this as something that could may be distributed more through a bank or another channel instead of the heavy independent financial adviser focus?
John Walters: This is John Walters, Randy. We think that this product will work well in all of our different channels. As you know, we had very broad distribution through banks, through independent financial advisers, through major Wall Street firms. The independent channel is where we can get the quickest traction because it's the easiest place to gain entry for a new product from a operational standpoint and approval standpoint. But we are launching it at all of our major distributors, and we expect to get traction in each of those channels. I think overtime, we'll find that some channels have greater success with it than others, but it's too early to call that at this point. We're after all of them aggressively.
Liam McGee: As there are no more questions, thank you for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in The Hartford. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Liam McGee - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Liz Zlatkus - Chief Financial Officer Juan Andrade - President & Chief Operating Officer of Property & Casualty Company John Walters - President & Chief Operating Officer of Life Company Greg McGreevey - Chief Investment Officer Alan Kreczko - General Counsel Rick Costello - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jeff Schuman - KBW Andrew Kligerman - UBS Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Ed Spehar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse John Nadel - Sterne, Agee Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Colin Devine - Citi Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good morning. My name is Angel and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Costello, you may begin your conference.
Rick Costello: Thank you, Angel. Good morning and thank you for joining us for The Hartfords fourth quarter 2009 financial results conference call. The earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday. The slide presentation for todays call is available on the companys website at www.thehartford.com. Liam McGee, Chairman, President and CEO; and Liz Zlatkus, CFO will provide prepared remarks this morning and we will conclude with Q-and-A. Also participating on todays call are Juan Andrade, President and COO of the Property & Casualty Company; John Walters, President and COO of the Life Company; Greg McGreevey, Chief Investment Officer; and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to the presentation on slide two, please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartfords future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, 2008 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of todays date. Todays discussion of The Hartfords financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, is provided in the Investor Financial Supplement for the fourth quarter of 2009, in the press release we issued yesterday and in the Investor Relations section of The Hartfords website, at www.thehartford.com. Now I will hand the call over to The Hartfords Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee.
Liam McGee: Thanks Rick. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining The Hartfords fourth quarter earnings call. The fourth quarter represents returned profitability for The Hartford. As we reported last evening, net income for the quarter was $557 million or $1.19 per diluted share. Life and Property & Casualty both recorded net income.  Fourth quarter net income resulted from strong core earnings and lower realized capital losses, due in part to the gain on Verisk IPO. Now the fourth quarter was the third consecutive quarter of improving core earnings. Strong execution form The Hartford team and a rebounded investment income with primary drivers.
 : In Life, margin recovery in a favorable back unlocks push core earnings to nearly $400 million. Assuming normal market conditions, our Life operations are on track to generate more than $1 billion of core earnings in 2010. Now these results reinforce the observations I shared with you in the third quarter earnings call. Our franchisee is stable with growing momentum. The Hartford has a strong capital foundation. We are decisively facing our challenges and our team is focused on delivering superior returns, through sustained profitable growth. We continued to see signs of stability across the company. The P&C policy counts increased as retention improved and new business levels grew. The Life persistency has remained strong. In 2009 persistency was 87% in group benefits and 95% in retirement plans and we expect these trends to continue in 2010. We also saw indication in the fourth quarter that sales momentum is building. Businesses, distributors and consumers continue to view The Hartford as a preferred option for their P&C insurance needs, which, along with solid execution and new products, resulted in strong fourth quarter new business levels, with small commercial and middle market recording year-over-year increases of 21% and 7%, respectively. Now, though year-over-year sales and in Life were down in some businesses, there was momentum in Retirement Plans sales and mutual fund deposits. Retirement Plans quarterly sales set a record of $1.2 billion. Meanwhile, strong fund performance in wholesaling drove over $3 billion of deposits in Retail Mutual Funds; and this was the third consecutive quarter with deposits over $3 billion and represents a 22% increase over the fourth quarter of 2008. We were also very pleased to be named one of Barrons Top 10 Mutual Fund Families for 2009, in recognition of our outstanding fund performance. We expect our top tier performance to drive even higher deposit levels in 2010. The fourth quarter benefited from good execution by The Hartford team. The company completed the expense reduction initiatives announced in late 2008. In the last 12 months, we have reduced the total number of employee positions by 10%, or approximately 3,000. We also consolidated our real estate footprint by about 15%. The benefit of these actions in 2009 is most clearly reflected in the margin recovery in many of our Life businesses. In Property & Casualty, we continued to expand distribution of our AARP product through independent agents. We now have the product in 20 states and will be in 41 states by the end of the year. The benefits of the AARP through agents program have been significant. In those states, where the product is available, flows from the AARP program accounted for roughly 20% of agency new business premium. Small commercial is benefiting from the rollout of growing Spectrum, our new business owner policy. At the end of 2009, Growing Spectrum was in 30 states, and the product was driving meaningful growth in new business. We will roll out the product in an additional 13 states by the spring and will then be active in 80% of the target market. In the fourth quarter, weve reduced our excess liquidity by about $2.2 billion. Most of that was put to work in investment-grade corporate bonds. You should expect a similar approach in the first quarter of 2010. We also continued to de-risk the investment portfolio. This is a security-by-security process, where we seek to maximize economic value while balancing the impacts on capital and yields. In the fourth quarter, as spreads tightened in the riskier assets classes, we found more opportunities to sell securities at or above our estimate of fair value and these sales reduced the companys aggregate real estate exposures. Now looking ahead, we expect the economy and the market to remain uncertain. Our outlook contemplates a slow gradual economic recovery. However, there are indications that the impact of the economy on exposures may have bottomed in late 2009. Our midterm cancellations and the decline in policy endorsements have stabilized. If these trends hold, we believe exposure increases will provide a modest top line benefit in 2010. In the Group Benefits industry, fully insured premium continues to fall from prior year levels, due in part to higher unemployment. Future growth in industry-wide premium will likely be correlated to improvements in unemployment and in this tough environment, we remain focused on pricing and underwriting discipline across all of our insurance businesses and we are taking rate where necessary to make our target returns. In our wealth management businesses, we are optimistic that strong equity market performance and solid execution in the second half of 2009 will provide a positive lift to our mutual funds and retirement plan businesses in 10. The Hartford enters the year with a strong capital foundation. In 2009, surplus in the Property & Casualty operations increased by $1.4 billion to $7.4 billion and we ended the year capitalized well above levels historically associated with AA ratings. On the Life side, the year end RBC ratio was estimated to be between 375% and 390%. Even after moving capital to the Life Company in the fourth quarter, we have significant holding company resources, with over $2 billion at year end. Now as you know, last night, we announced our investor event in New York in early April, and we as a team look forward to sharing with investors how we plan to deliver sustainable, profitable growth. The investor event will also include a discussion of The Hartfords capital strategy and a key element of this strategy is the eventual repayment of CPP. We recognize that the governments preferred stock is not permanent capital, and we will repay it, but as I have said previously, we will be prudent in repaying CPP.  In our view, prudence requires that we balance a number of factors, including the companys capital resources, potential dilution to shareholders, the perceived future impact of CPP on our business and of course, the views of our regulators. Finally, our CFO search is going well. I am very pleased with the process and the caliber of the candidates, and I am optimistic that we will announce a new CFO in the near term. As a note, Liz and her team have made definite progress in improving risk management, and I look forward to her assuming the Chief Risk Officer role full time. So in summary, the fourth quarter of 2009 reflects good execution by The Hartford team and a return to profitability. We also saw growing sales momentum and improvements in the investment portfolio. The company has a strong capital foundation and we continue to position the company for the future and are optimistic about opportunities to deliver superior returns through sustained profitable growth and we look forward to discussing the future of The Hartford with investors in New York. With that, I will turn the call over to Liz. 
Liz Zlatkus: Thank you, Liam. Good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide four. Our Property & Casualty businesses continued to execute very well. P&C earnings for the fourth quarter were strong, as disciplined underwriting, light catastrophes and favorable reserve developments drove profitability. In the fourth quarter, core earnings were $378 million. This represents more than a 50% increase over the third quarter of 2009. The fourth quarter benefited from prior year releases as reserves in a number of lines continued to develop favorably. Even with favorable development in 2009, our year end carried reserves are 3.8% higher than the actuarial indication, a level unchanged from year end 2008, this compares to an estimated industry level of 2.9%. If you want more detail on the P&C reserve activity, you can find it in the 8-K we filed yesterday. The fourth quarter current accident year combined ratio, excluding tax, was a solid 92.6%. For the full year, that ratio was 91.7%, a very good result. In general, loss costs remain within expectations, with the exception of personal auto frequency, which has risen faster than expected to more normal pre 2008 levels. Written premiums for the fourth quarter were $2.4 billion, or 5% lower than in the prior year period. The recession continues to take its toll on commercial lines premium, as insurance exposures remain depressed. However, strong new business growth and improving retention offset some of the economic top line pressure in the fourth quarter. Small commercial saw at 21% increase in new business on a year-over-year basis, as the rollout of our new business owners policy has been well-received by agents and customers alike. In middle market, new business increased 7%, due to growth in both Property and Workers Compensation, growth driven in part by the strong performance of our technology practice group and the success of our Property Choice product enhancements. Looking into 2010, we are cautiously optimistic about the opportunities for growth. A leveling off of the economic decline is likely to result in improved premium retention. In addition, we are focusing on expanding market share by cross-selling existing accounts, extending our new business owner products, expanding the AARP through agents program and capitalizing on our expertise in existing and new industry verticals. As we seek to grow market share, we remain committed to underwriting discipline, developing and enhancing our product and service offerings and positioning the company to take advantage of the opportunities that will arise when the market and the economy turn. Now lets turn to our fourth quarter Life results on slide five. Margins have improved across many of the Life companies businesses. This is the result of lower expenses and rising account values in the equity sensitive businesses. With that backdrop, core earnings for the quarter were $385 million, including a $78 million DAC unlock benefit. The quarter also saw some noise from one-timers, with a $35 million favorable tax adjustment, partially offset by a $17 million restructuring charge. In mutual funds, ROAs have recovered nicely, reaching almost 16 basis points in the fourth quarter. We have seen a rebound in scale benefits in the second half of 2009, and the fourth quarter included a favorable true-up in 2009 fee income, which added a bit less than two basis points to the ROA. Turning to Group Benefits, we had another solid quarter, with core earnings of $79 million. In the fourth quarter, we observed some unfavorable disability resulting from higher new incurrals. We believe the higher loss ratio in the fourth quarter is a reflection of normal volatility, but we are monitoring this issue closely. We continued to be disciplined in pricing. That discipline, shrinking payrolls and the carryover effects from last years challenges weighed on sales in the fourth quarter, as well as the key January 1 date. That said we anticipate a gradual sales recovery over the course of 2010. In summary, in the fourth quarter, we saw continued stabilization of sales and deposits, and improved margins, which contributed to strong core earnings in our Life operations. I would now like to take a few minutes and review our fourth quarter investment results. Please turn to slide six. As the slide shows, the unrealized loss position continued to improve in the fourth quarter, spread tightening and de-risking actions drove the improvement. In the fourth quarter, realized capital losses totaled $194 million pre-tax. The main driver was credit related impairments on structured, commercial and residential securities, as we saw moderate collateral deterioration in specific market areas and property types. In the fourth quarter, we also took advantage of spread tightening and opportunistically sold real estate related assets. These losses were offset by the gain we realized by exiting our position in the successful Verisk IPO. Finally, we increased the mortgage loan reserve in the fourth quarter by $210 million. The mortgage reserve increase was concentrated in loan participations. About $100 million of the increase reflects our intent to sell a number of these loans in the first quarter of 2010, as part of our continued de-risking efforts. We expect these sales to reduce the carrying value of this asset class by an additional $150 million in the first quarter. Now, please turn to slide seven for a review of The Hartfords capital position. As Liam said, The Hartford enters 2010 with a strong capital foundation. Our Property & Casualty Company ended the year with $7.4 billion of statutory surplus, up $1.4 billion from the prior year. The primary contributor was statutory income. At this level, we are very well capitalized, approximately $1.8 billion above historical AA levels. On the Life side, estimated U.S. stat surplus, including surplus held at captive reinsurance, ended the year at $7.3 billion. In the fourth quarter, the holding company moved a total of $1.8 billion to the Life operations to fund the capital requirements of the global VA business and investment related capital impacts. Hartford Life and Accident, the parent U.S. writing company ended the year with stat surplus of $6 billion, which translates to an estimated risk based capital ratio between 375% and 390%. All in, taking into account Hartford Life and Accident as well as the captives, we finished the year with an estimated margin of about $1.1 billion in the Life U.S. operations. The holding company ended 2009 with $2.2 billion of capital. This reflects the $1.8 billion of fourth quarter contributions to the Life Company, as well as the Allianz payment of $200 million and interest and dividend payments. Holding company capital remains very liquid, and we like the flexibility it affords us as we enter 2010. In summary, The Hartfords capital foundation is strong. Our P&C and Life companies have significant capital in excess of levels consistent with AA requirements, and we have over $2 billion of additional capital at the holding company. Now please turn to slide eight for a look at our guidance. As we announced last evening, our core earnings per share guidance for 2010 is between $3.70 and $4 per share. There are a number of technical assumptions embedded in the guidance that we have listed on slide eight for your benefit. As you know, our guidance does not incorporate prior year reserve development in our ongoing P&C operations. We also do not include a DAC unlocks benefit or charge. Another important assumption is the yield on partnerships and other alternative investments in 2010. Our guidance simply assumes a zero return from this asset class. We expect alternatives to perform much better than they did in 2009, but quarter-to-quarter returns may be volatile. With that, Ill turn the call over to Rick, as we move to the Q-and-A session.
Rick Costello: Thank you, Liz. Before we begin the Q-and-A, I would ask each caller to limit himself or herself to two questions. This will allow us to get to as many callers as possible in the time permitted. Angel, you may now open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeff Schuman - KBW.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Theres a couple of questions on capital; first of all, when we look at the capital margin in the Life Company, Im wondering what sort of hurdles we should reference. In other words, I think I can reproduce your $1.1 billion of margin by comparing the estimated RBC to a historical target like 325. I guess in this current year, whether thats still an appropriate hurdle, and whether or not the existence of the captive should shade our thinking about the hurdle. Then on the P&C side, youve cited on the nice capital build there. Im wondering what the 2010 dividend capacity is, both from a regulatory perspective and from kind of a practical perspective?
Liz Zlatkus: So, in reference to your first point, we still do target the 325 as we think about levels consistent with AA. As you know, we are not AA right now, so we think thats the right target for us. You have to add in some of what we consider some excess capital with the captives to get to your $1.1 billion. Its definitely was something that we had talked about and is incorporated in terms of how we think about our overall capital flexibility. In terms of the P&C Company, we have significant capital flexibility, probably in a range of $1 billion kind of dividend capacity for 2010, but we can take that offline and get you a more specific number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kligerman - UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Quick one, first, just on the alternative investment income assuming a 0% return; what kind of return would you expect under more normal conditions in that portfolio?
Greg McGreevey: I think under normal market conditions, we would probably expect somewhere in the 7% to 10% range. I think as you know, and as Liz talked about, given the uncertainty and difficult to predict, especially on a quarter-to-quarter basis, even though we are seeing improvement clearly in both private equity and hedge funds, there has been some challenges on the real estate side that we elected for 2010 to use the 0% yield number that Liz had indicated.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Then just in your Life division, just two parts. The Personal Retirement Manager variable annuity product, just maybe a little color on how that product. The sales didnt look like they had jumped up much in the fourth quarter, but maybe just a little color on whether you see it gaining any traction? How it is being received? Then on the Retirement net flow components, you did about $59 million in negative flows. That was an improvement from negative $500 million in the third quarter. Yet youre guiding for net flows of a positive $1 billion to $1.5 billion in 10, so Im kind of curious as to how you plan to achieve those net flow targets this year?
John Walters: Relative to the Personal Retirement Manager, we did launch that in the fourth quarter, near the middle of the fourth quarter. We are still getting state approvals and we are still getting up to run rate at key firms. There are a number of firms where there were some operational issues that we needed to work through, because the product is somewhat different. So I would say in the fourth quarter, the sales were largely from the previous product set. We have seen improving sales numbers week-to-week throughout the period, and we anticipate that theyll continue to build as we go through the year, but we do anticipate that the first quarter will be softer than fourth quarter levels as we make the transition to the new product. We are getting a positive response in the marketplace, and we think this product will work very well for our customers. So we expect sales to build throughout the year. On retirement net flow, we did have some losses of some large plans in the second and third quarters of 2009, which was reflected in the net flow negatives that you saw there. As we came into year end, we had strong growth in sales momentum in year end, which will result in higher deposits in 2010 and we anticipate that sales momentum will stay in effect and will improve deposits throughout the year, which is what results in our positive net flow outlook for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Just jumping back to excess capital, is there any sort of S&P 500 sensitivity that you can provide?
Liz Zlatkus: I think you probably are thinking about if the S&P drops to that 700 level type issue. So if you think about 2010, I would put that in the range of about $1.9 billion to $2 billion and that is a bit higher than what you would have seen on the third quarter call.  But first of all the markets are higher, and secondly, we had some additional macro protection in 2009 because we had the 2009 protection and we had fully purchased all the 2010 protection and obviously the 2009 has now run off. So, it is in that $1.9 billion range.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: The $1.9 billion depleted if we went down to 700, and just another one. In the opening comments, I think Liam said that the excess liquidity went down by $2 billion in the fourth quarter and happen again in the first quarter. I just wanted to clarify that we heard that correctly, and just to clarify exactly where that excess liquidity came from and how it fits into the other margin numbers that you laid out.
Liam McGee: Randy, this is Liam. To be clear, the comment about the first quarter was the investment philosophy, not necessarily the number and Greg may want to give you more detail on that.
Greg McGreevey: Randy, thanks a lot for your question. We did in the fourth quarter have our excess liquidity position decline by about $2.2 billion and if you think about it, we are investing right now excess liquidity in the $750 million to $1 billion range each month and in terms of your second question, the majority of where we are putting that money to work, as Liam indicated, is primarily in investment grade for corporate securities, prudent investments, high quality, that are both public securities as well as private.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  I have one question, and then Ed Spehar will have a question as well on the Life side. I guess on the Property & Casualty side, I wanted to ask about casualty reserves. I didnt get a chance to read through all of your comments from the 8-K on the reserves, but as I recall, in the third quarter, in the general liability area, there was some increase in paid claims or with late emerging exposures, maybe thats what it was. Im wondering what you saw in the fourth quarter related to that, and in general what are you seeing on the casualty side. We just heard from one other company that had seen an increase in reported claims from the 07, 08 year. Just trying to get a sense of what you guys are seeing?
Juan Andrade: This is Juan Andrade. So just to recap, we had about $166 million worth of releases in the fourth quarter of 2009 and the vast majority of them came from the liability lines. Specifically to your question, as we look at general liability, we had about $27 million of releases in this quarter from accident years 2004 through 2006 and I think that is similar to the releases that weve had in the other liability lines as well across the other segments. So basically, our portfolio continues to perform very well. Those reserves are maturing very favorably. So were very pleased with those accident years and that performance. 
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: What about the more recent action in years, the 07, 08? 
Juan Andrade: Sure. So if you look at our release for the quarter, we had about $53 million worth of favorable development, particularly in the 07 and 08 years, specifically in the financial lines of business. If we look at auto liability as well in small commercial, thats also coming from those years as well. So again, we feel pretty good about the performance of those accident years. 
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: At this point, Ill turn it over to Ed in a second. Youre not seeing anything disturbing from a claims standpoint, claims inflation, severity or frequency? It is all as or better than expected, it sounds like? 
Juan Andrade: That is correct. I would say in the commercial lines of business, our loss costs continue to be very much within expectations. So at this point, theres nothing that Im looking at that concerns me. 
Ed Spehar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Its Ed. I had a question just on the Life earnings. I think if you look at the fourth quarter numbers and you adjust for the unusual items, youd come up with a run rate for earnings in the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion range.  I guess, I wanted to get a little bit more color from Liam on the comment that the Life Company is positioned for more than $1 billion of earnings in 2010. Should we be interpreting that comment and the run rate versus the fourth quarter to say, youre looking at flat to down Life earnings from the suggested level if we look at 2010? 
Liam McGee: My comment was that weve always said that with normal market conditions that the Life Company should produce at least $1 billion of core earnings. I think my statement was clearly intended to communicate that should and will happen. John, do you want to give any other flavor?
John Walters: No, I think, Ed, as you look at Q4, clearly you annualize that, you get to a number thats a couple hundred above $1 billion and thats why weve said, were comfortable it will be north of $1 billion; but as you know, there are a lot of things that can move during the year. So weve got a range around that, because we have certain market assumptions, etc.
Ed Spehar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I guess the follow-up, though is it; you have a market assumption of 9%. So you have a normal market assumption, yet it doesnt look like youre looking for the earnings level to increase. So is there something else going on here? I mean I know the ROA in Japan is a little lower than what I would have thought. Is there anything that you would point to that is offsetting, what should be some normal appreciation from the market?
Liz Zlatkus: I would say that, your math is about right and obviously youre going to take something down if you wanted to start the S&P starting today, but there are some puts and takes, and we can take any reconciliation offline, but I would say youre in the general ballpark.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Berg - Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: My two questions relate to Japan and to the variable annuity business domestically. In Japan, do you face any sort of potential ongoing fresh additional charges, liabilities, and reduction therefore in your equity related to the 3 WIN products, or I do recall reading in one of the footnotes of the Supplement that it should not produce any profit at this point. My first question of two is really could there be additional charges?
Liz Zlatkus: No, we dont anticipate any more charges from 3 WIN.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Second, I would just love to get from John, just a sense of sort of competitive conditions in the variable annuity business right now and by that, I was too general. I dont mean, whether it is competitive. Obviously, it has always been and probably always will be a competitive business, but what Im really interested in is sort of Johns sense of what the customers are going for now? What types of features seem to be appealing still based on December quarter sales? Are they going for simple and cheap? Are they going for expensive and complex, rich benefits, less rich benefits? Id love to get some perspective on what the customers and distributors are finding appealing?
John Walters: I would start off by saying that, when you look at the VA marketplace today, there tends to be a strong bifurcation of what companies are doing and what individuals and distributors are looking for. The common theme is that, guaranteed retirement income is still a big theme and we believe that thats going to continue to be the case for as far as we can see with the demographic trends. That said, people are solving that differently, and there are different appetites in the marketplace. The traditional heavy VA sellers from a broker standpoint, and a firm standpoint, still like the more expensive heavily guaranteed equity products; and I think thats why certain firms are getting a very concentrated market share there.  At the same time, theres a significant demand building, we believe, for products that are less expensive, because the expense really is very high if you consider what the expected returns are on those portfolios and for a return for more simplicity. So, the key themes that weve has as weve thought about the VA business, is for simplicity, better consumer value, without giving up the guaranteed income. We believe that will work overtime, but it may be a different group of sellers who do most of the volume there, so not by firm, but by broker. As you know, broker penetration in most firms is relatively low, like under 25%, doing VA on an active basis. So we think theres a lot of opportunity to reach out to brokers whore doing other types of business and bring them in for the guaranteed income that we provide, but there is a bifurcation going on where a lot of firms, a lots of our peers, are pulling away from the more expensive, heavy equity market guarantees. A few are sticking with them, and so thats concentrating the business of those that are still interested in the heavy equity market guarantees.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: First question a quick one for Liam. In terms of the CFO search, can you talk about kind of the breadth of experience of candidates? Are you looking an Insurance Executive to more broadly add financial services executives?  Second question for Liz, just on the captive; can you expand a bit more in terms of what you said already, the $1.3 billion that you funded it with, is that over funded relative to required capital, or is that just adequate? Give us a sense for how it works technically? Did you move all of the variable annuity reserves globally into that, or is there only a portion of it? Just a little bit of background in terms of how the mechanics work?
Liam McGee: From the beginning, my view was that obviously wed be looking for someone with superior talent, significant depth of experience, and ideally, insurance industry experience. As my comments suggest, I think weve been very pleased with the candidates. For the most part, theyve met those thresholds and as I said, were optimistic that well announce a new CFO in the near term.
Liz Zlatkus: Tom, relative to the captive, I would say its in the 100 to 200 plus or minus range in terms of the excess capital that we did fund it with, when you are trying to estimate at the end of the year, we always want to have a little bit extra and its about 75% of the VA reserves and kind of the VA risk thats in the U.S., we sent over to the captive.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Liz, no Japan, just U.S.?
Liz Zlatkus: Well, as you know, we send a fair amount of the risk from Japan, right. We reinsure it to the U.S. So think of that as one bucket then of all U.S. VA risk, plus a portion of Japan and then you take that and you take about 75% of it and then you send it off to captive. So yes, by definition, it would take some of the Japan risk and move it off. Again, Ill make another point. Theres risk remaining in Japan, but as weve said before, we have more than ample capital over there, which doesnt get counted in any of the margin discussions, to be able to withstand what we would call an equivalent kind of market decline that would be associated with a 700 S&P. So we would have more than sufficient capital in Japan covering that business. The rest of Japan comes to the U.S. and all of our numbers when we talk about global VA impact is included there and then of course we use the captive to help manage our capital volatility and move 75% of the total into the captive.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Liz, did this help blunt any of the VA CARVM hit, or did that still hit you for the $1 billion or so?
Liz Zlatkus: So I would say at the end of the year, again, I wouldnt spike out just VA CARVM because that relates to the reserve. So its really the intersection of how the reserves work with C3 Phase II, which is the capital requirement, but yes, the captive did help reduce the overall levering effect of the capital at year-end.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Nadel - Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Two quick ones; just wanted to confirm if my math is reasonable here. Just using your guidance for the risk based capital for year end 09 of 375% to 390%, and the $1.1 billion above 325%, Im sort of getting backing into about $18 million of capital per RBC point. Is that about right?
Liz Zlatkus: I think of it as in the $1.6 billion range for risk based capital for Hartford Life and Accident and then you have some excess at the captive.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: The $1.9 billion estimate on the capital hit if the S&P goes to 700, whats the equivalent if the S&P goes to, lets say, just 900?
Liz Zlatkus: Obviously, it is less than that. You have a little bit more convexity as you go down lower. I dont have that number off the top of my head, but I would say it gets more convex as the markets go down. So we have tempered the convexity a bit versus to say, year end 2008.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: The last one for me is just a 1% S&P move relative to the impact on GAAP earnings?
Liz Zlatkus: Its about $8 million. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: I was just going to say, I know its something you disclose in your K typically, so Im just wondering.
Liz Zlatkus: Yes, its just about $8 million after tax, after DAC.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Same thing on the Nikkei or a little bit less?
Liz Zlatkus: I wouldnt even use the Nikkei as that much of an indicator, because we have a lot in bond funds and global funds. So there, we just look at overall separate account returns in Japan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: On the P&C segment, as we think about the capital there, with the margin of $1.8 billion above the AA ratings level, and given that it is generating more than $1 billion of annual statutory operating earnings. I guess how are you guys thinking about managing the capital in that business in 2010?
Liz Zlatkus: Darin, this is Liz. Again for the flexibility, so we always want to make sure that we have enough capital thats more than sufficient to maintain AA rating in the P&C Company. It is very important, but anything in excess of that, youll see us routinely kind of move that up to the holding company, just so we maintain maximum flexibility on that. So obviously, we see it as a source of capital and as the source of strength.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: I do imagine, though with just an outlook of premium growth being flat to up 4%, you would be generating more excess capital in 2010?
Liz Zlatkus: Theres a lot of puts and takes, but clearly that $1 billion plus range is in the ballpark.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: Just on the Personal Lines segment, looking at the combined ratio outlook for 2010, 90.5% to 93.5%. How do we think about that, given as we look at the second half of 09, we were kind of running in the mid 90s?
Juan Andrade: This is Juan Andrade. As Ive mentioned, we have been focusing on taking very proactive action both in rate as well as in underwriting, to ensure that our pricing is inline with loss costs going forward. Our pricing has improved sequentially to a plus 4% in the fourth quarter from the third quarter, and we have done some strengthening of calendar year reserves as well in auto. So, as a look at the guidance for 2010, I feel very good about being able to be in that range given the actions that we are taking.
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin Devine - Citi.
Colin Devine - Citi:  Two questions, Liz, I was wondering if you could just expand perhaps a bit on how the rating agencies view the captive within your whole sort of capital structure and then secondly for John, this is not the first time Hartford has tried to de-risk the products, the VA products to your credit and of course, before, it really didnt workout.  What makes you think it is going to be different this time, and particularly because it is certainly my understanding and what I am hearing from the, field is the wholesaler force is considerably smaller than it was, do you still have the horsepower to get sales going again?
Liz Zlatkus: So, Colin this is Liz, Ill start with your first question, as we look to implement the captive, and even as we were evaluating either an onshore or offshore, we worked very closely with the rating agency that was very important and they definitely understand and, support how we are thinking about that.  As you know, this is very consistent with industry practice of many VA writers have offshore captives; we happen to have an onshore captive, but again, the rating agencies, I think when I talk about margin, it would be consistent with how we would view their view.
Colin Devine - Citi: When you are giving RBC ratio, is that including the captive, or not?
Liz Zlatkus: No, that risk based capital ratio is just for Hartford Life and Accident. It does not include the captive.
Colin Devine - Citi: What do you think RBC is on the captive? 
Liz Zlatkus: The captive works a little bit differently, and so we just look at it all in, and say, as I said for Hartford Life and Accident, it is about $1.6 billion of risk based capital and thats how you get the 375% to 390% and then the way we look at and worked with the Vermont regulators and Connecticut, we think we still have some extra in our captive. With that, Ill turn it over to John.
Colin Devine - Citi: The captive I thought you just said it didnt Im sorry, you lost me there?
Liz Zlatkus: The RBC ratio does not include the captive. Its specifically related to just Hartford Life and Accident in terms of when we said 375% to 390%. As we think in terms of sort of excess capital above fall that which we would consider consistent with AA levels, we would consider that we have some excess at the captive also. That, coupled with some excess at Hartford Life and Accident, gets you that $1.1 billion rough number.
John Walters: So, Colin, on your question on the de-risked product, I think a number of things are different than when we started down this path five or six years ago. First of all, I would say the market environment is different and so the competition in many respects is also de-risked to some degree, but more importantly, as you think about our sales force, yes, it is a smaller sales force today. Weve got about 60 wholesalers in the field thats enough to easily cover the whole country, but we have access at all of our key distribution firms and frankly, I think we continue to have one of the best wholesaling forces in the industry in terms of talent, experience and the ability to carry the story.  I was with them last week where we had our national sales meeting, and they were universally enthusiastic about the new product, which is probably my best indicator, that I think we will make this work. It will take some time because its different, and Ive been very clear about that, but we believe it offers tremendous consumer value and a differentiated story, which is good to have from a sales perspective in the marketplace and as we go through the year, we should see sales momentum build.
Liam McGee: Colin this is Liam. I having spent time with the sales forces I would wholeheartedly concur with John description we have the coverage, we have the enthusiasm, and we have the talent for the throughput that is necessary to see this strategy that John described.
Colin Devine - Citi: Liam, you are saying you are still as committed to the VA business as The Hartford ever was?
Liam McGee: I think those are your words, Colin, not mine. I think the VA business is an important part of the wealth management business and as John has described two things. I think the actions that The Hartford took historically to change the risk reward equation more appropriate; and going forward, we dont want the VA business to be as big a concentration for us as it was at its peak, clearly. Secondly, the philosophies that John has outlined, around low cost, simplicity and guaranteed income, are the way we are going to run the business and we do think there is a market for that, as John has described.  We do think we have the distribution to get to the distribution partners and so it will be an important part of our business, and I think we have the right steps in place to make it be a product that performs well for customers and also has the appropriate risk reward for The Hartford.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie.
Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie:  I actually want to go back to capital as well. Im just trying to reconcile some numbers. Firstly, just to confirm, $1.3 billion went into the captive. The other $500 million went straight into the stat Life Company?
Liz Zlatkus: That is correct.
Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie: Okay. I guess here is how I would ask the question. You shifted exposure from the stat company into the captive with $1.3 billion of capitalization. You said that you overcapitalized it $100 million to $200 million. So you essentially took $1 billion plus of exposure, moved it into the captive.  In addition, you contributed downstream about $500 million into the statutory company, but I guess when I look at RBC at 375% to 390%, given the capital contribution, given the shifting of exposure over to the captive. I guess I am still a little bit unclear what makes up for the pieces that you discussed back at the second quarter? I understand youve got VA CARVM. I understand theres realized losses, but I feel like I am missing a couple pieces, and I was hoping that maybe if we need to do this offline, thats okay, but I was just hoping that maybe you could help fill in the gaps?
Liz Zlatkus: Mark, yes, I think when we get into specific reconciliation, we will take that offline. What I will say is, for the year, we did come in more favorable than we had anticipated at third quarter. We had lower credit impacts. We had higher DPA benefits. We actually had a little bit higher VA, but we can take it offline and get you to get there.
Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie: I guess secondly, actually kind of I had the same thought that Ed had on Japan. I guess if you kind of normalize, you came in at about 61, 62 basis points of ROAs. Guidance for next year or for this year is 51 to 59. Can you just help explain the deterioration in ROAs in Japan?
John Walters: This is John. There really wasnt anything unusual in the fourth quarter, but as we look forward to next year, you do have some outflow thats occurring. You have a lot of expense that we took out this year. Were not predicting an additional expense decrease for next year.  So youre going to get some compression over time, but its not significant in our view and depending on what markets do, we could outperform this or if we get a lot better at taking expense actions in country, we could also potentially improve it, but that is our best guidance at the moment, is that 51 to 59.
Operator: Your final question comes from Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: My two questions are as follows. First, on the CPP repayment, Liam, youd mentioned that youre going to be prudent there. I think we would all agree thats the sensible thing, but the question is, is there any pressure out of Washington as more and more financial services companies that have taken TARP money or were given TARP money have repaid it? Is there any pressure to just kind of get this thing behind you or the government and move on to other issues? Im just wondering about that. Then second is, as we think about the new VA product, how do we think about the return that product is priced for? I understand its sort of a hybrid fixed annuity, variable annuity. What sort of return level should be assumed? Is it more mid teens that we would expect on a traditional VA, or is it closer to 10% to 12%, that might be fixed annuities, or somewhere in between? Just wondering how we should think about that.
Liam McGee: Ill let John take the second part, but let me address the first part. Were not feeling any pressure from Washington around CPP or its eventual repayment. Were really looking at the issue, as I described, from The Hartfords perspective. To reiterate what I said, we know it is not permanent capital. We intend to repay it, but we will do it prudently and prudence, as I elaborated in the remarks, will be balancing, among other factors, our capital resources and our continued flexibility, potential dilution to shareholders, the perceived future impact and the changing environment to our business, and of course very importantly, the views of our regulators.
John Walters: On the question on VA pricing, the new product has pricing thats similar to existing VA product. We have intentionally made it, so that we can get returns that were familiar with relative to the VA business that weve had historically.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: So would that be mid teens, is that what youre saying, in terms of the VA product?
John Walters: Weve historically priced to get 13% to 15% on the business overtime, and we are confident this product will achieve that pricing target.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Just one quick follow-up for Liam, in terms of the CPP, anything from the rating agencies, is there an expectation, based on your conversations with them that youd get out of this by some point in time? I know other companies have talked about that with respect to the rating agencies. Just wondering how your conversations have gone.
Liam McGee: Obviously, cant really discuss the conversation we are having with rating agencies, but I would just go back and say that, we continue to look at the issue and we will be sensitive to all of our constituents, but most importantly, as I said before, were going to balance the issues that I described around our eventual repayment of the TARP money.
Rick Costello: Operator, Im going to bring this call to a close now. Thank you so much for joining us today. If you have follow-up questions, we will of course be available all day, and we look forward to seeing you in April.
Operator: This concludes the conference. You may all disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Costello - SVP of Investor Relations Liam McGee - Chairman and CEO Liz Zlatkus - EVP and CFO Greg McGreevey - Chief Investment Officer Juan Andrade - President and COO of Property and Casualty Operations John Walters - EVP and COO of Property and Casualty Operations
Analysts: Ed Spehar  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse Paul [Ferrian]  No Company Listed Jay Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital John Nadel - Sterne Agee Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods 
Operator: Welcome everyone to The Hartford third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Costello, you may begin.
Rick Costello:  Good morning and thank you for joining us for The Hartfords third quarter 2009 financial results conference call. Our earnings release, 10-Q and financial supplement were issued yesterday. In addition, the slide presentation for this mornings call is available on our website. Liam McGee, our new Chairman and CEO and Liz Zlatkus, CFO, will provide prepared remarks this morning and we will conclude with Q&A.  Also participating on today's call are Juan Andrade, President and COO of our P&C company; John Walters, President and COO of the Life company; Greg McGreevey, Chief Investment Officer; and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel.  Turning to the presentation on slide two, please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our 2008 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date.  Today's discussion of The Hartford's financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, is provided in the Investor Financial Supplement for the third quarter of 2009, in the press release we issued yesterday and in the Investor Relations section of The Hartford's website, at www.thehartford.com.  Now I will hand the call over to The Hartfords Chairman and CEO, Liam McGee. 
Liam McGee :  Thank you Rick. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. First, it is an honor to take the helm of The Hartford, a 200 year old company with a great heritage and future. I have been warmly welcomed by The Hartford team and have met many talented and dedicated leaders. I also want to thank Ramani for his help in making the transition smooth and constructive.  Having been CEO of The Hartford for just a month I will focus my remarks today on some observations and initial perspectives. Then Liz will cover the third quarter results.  I have spent the last month diving head first into all key areas of the company to develop an understanding of the business, our strengths, the challenges we face and the opportunities we have. I have met with many of our key stakeholders including some of you. What I have found is that this companys operating franchises are stable and performing well. The company today has a strong capital foundation and although we do face some challenges I am confident that The Hartford with its strengths is focused on the path forward to earnings and growth.  The Hartfords third quarter core earnings demonstrate a resilient company that is emerging from the challenges of the last 18 months. As we reported yesterday core earnings were $660 million and many of our new business indicators are showing stabilization or sequential improvement. The third quarter results demonstrate just as we saw in the second quarter that our protection and wealth management businesses are stable and competing vigorously in our markets.  There are other signs of The Hartfords stability. I have experienced firsthand the strength of our distribution relationships and the commitment of our employees. I believe the support and conviction of these two important groups have been key to the resilience and the stability of the franchise.  As an example, a few weeks ago I attended CIAB, a national conference that brings together many of the largest P&C brokers and agencies in the industry. I joined in-depth business reviews with a number of our largest partners and spent time with many more over the course of two days. In doing so I witnessed firsthand the quality and depth of the relationships we have with these critical partners, who are the largest producers in the industry. They have great respect for The Hartford and value our people, products and services and we will continue to invest in and protect these important relationships.  I came away knowing that our partners want to do business with us. In fact, many want to do more business with us and I am confident there are opportunities for us to win more of their business and deepen our relationships.  The morale and winning spirit of our people have contributed to this stability. I have met many of my new teammates not just here in Connecticut but in offices around the country. My general observation is that our employees are of the highest quality and are passionate about The Hartford. They want the company to succeed and for us to win in the marketplace.  In short, our franchise is stable.  Today The Hartford has a strong capital foundation. The company has taken decisive action to strengthen its capital position including the $900 million common equity raise completed in August. It is from this solid base that we are updating our capital plan which we look forward to sharing with you in early 2010. Liz will provide more details about capital in a few minutes. While I am confident in our strengths, I am also realistic about our challenges. Although there are some early signs of improvement the fundamentals in the economy remain weak and we believe that is not likely to change in the near-term. Therefore, we are assuming a slow and choppy recovery in our planning for 2010 and beyond. Like many in the industry we saw the impact of the economic uncertainty in our results in the third quarter. Companies have reduced payroll and other discretionary expenditures. These conditions negatively impacted premiums results in our commercial P&C and group benefits businesses. At the same time, personal lines grew written premium 2% in the quarter as we increased our policy count in auto and home. Small commercial new business written premium was up 20% in the quarter. In the Life Company our retail mutual funds business continued to take share with over $3 billion in deposits as we benefit from strong 2009 investment performance across much of our fund family.  While the top line has been affected by the economy, core earnings remain strong due to our disciplined pricing and risk selection. You can see that in our results. We continue to work through the challenges in our investment portfolio. A handful of asset classes, primarily structured securities backed by residential and commercial real estate and financial corporate still trade well below our estimate of economic value. Importantly, however, our investment portfolio is improving. With a sharp recovery in the credit markets in the third quarter our net unrealized loss position improved about 50% to $5.8 billion.  Over the past month a dedicated team has accelerated its work to optimize the management of these particular asset classes. We have re-underwritten some of the highest risk securities and we continue to evaluate our options with our eye on maximizing long-term economic value.  The Hartford is focused on moving forward by leveraging our strengths and developing new approaches to winning in the marketplace. We had a few examples in the third quarter. In the wealth management business we were pleased with the launch of our personal retirement manager variable annuity in October. We believe this is an innovative, first mover approach to the growing retirement market, one that effectively offers guaranteed income to clients in a simple way and with greater value. This product is good for our customers and good for The Hartford. It has an improved risk profile because the income guarantee is not tied to movements in the equity markets and initial third-party feedback has been positive.  In the auto and homeowner lines, the strategy to sell our AARP product to the agency channel continues to go well. The product was in 14 states at the end of September and we will roll it out to 6 more states in the fourth quarter. We are excited about the growth potential of this initiative.  Finally, we have completed the strategic review of the various institutional life businesses. We will focus on a smaller group of core businesses; payout annuities, institutional mutual funds and corporate owned life insurance which will be incorporated into existing businesses and managed for profitable growth. The remaining institutional life businesses which are non-core will be wound down over time.  Now I want to close with actions I am taking and to make clear what you can expect from me. My first priority is to deliver superior returns to shareholders. So I will continue with my comprehensive evaluation of all key areas of the company in order to create the go-forward plan for The Hartford. We will communicate our plan in early 2010 including details on our business portfolio, capital strategy, risk management and how we will deliver sustainable, profitable growth over the long-term. As investors and analysts who cover us you should expect from my team and me transparency, clear goals and metrics and accountability.  Improving risk management is one of the most important properties of The Hartford. As you know, we announced last week that Liz Zlatkus will assume the Chief Risk Officer role. The creation of a separate risk management function with enhanced management and governance particularly on aggregate enterprise risk and with increased board visibility and transparency is an important first step. I am pleased that Liz with her deep industry and company knowledge along with her finance and operating experience will be leading that effort.  Liz will continue as CFO until a new person is hired. We have retained a search firm and the search is underway. The Hartford has tremendous potential and I am confident we have the capabilities and opportunities to create great value for our shareholders, customers, partners and employees.  So in summary, our franchise is stable and performing well. The company today has a strong capital foundation and although we do face challenges The Hartford is focused on delivering superior returns through sustained, profitable growth. I am excited about the opportunities ahead.  With that, I will turn the call over to Liz. 
Liz Zlatkus :  Thank you Liam and thank you for your comments. Good morning everyone. Lets begin on slide three. Book value per share jumped to $37.90, an 18% sequential increase driven by spread tightening on our fixed income investments and a decline in interest rates partially offset by additional shares from our equity raise in August.  We reported a net loss of $220 million in the third quarter driven by an after-tax net realized capital loss of $885 million. The primary component of the realized loss in the quarter were after-tax impairments of $336 million and a $435 million mark to market after tax loss in our variable annuity hedging program. Rising equity markets would typically benefit our statutory capital position caused most of the [GAAP] hedging loss.  Third quarter core earnings were $650 million or $1.56 per diluted share as both our property and casualty and life operations generated sequential earnings growth. Core earnings benefited from a $232 million DAC unlock reflecting positive equity market performance particularly in the United States.  Now please turn to slide four. Our property casualty businesses are executing very well. P&C earnings for the quarter were quite strong as disciplined underwriting continued to drive profitability. For the quarter we reported core earnings of $246 million, 16% higher than the second quarter and significantly higher than the prior year period. Our third quarter results reflected very solid X-CAT current accident year combined ratio of 93.8%. Year-to-date that ratio stands at an excellent 91.4%.  Now there were a lot of puts and takes in the quarter in terms of cats, prior quarter and prior year reserve development and other adjustments. Netting all of those results gets you the reported combined ratio of 93% for the quarter, a solid result.  Loss cost remained within expectations with the exception of personal lines auto frequency. Like others in the industry we have seen a turn in auto frequency likely due to an increase in miles driven. We have been taking rate and underwriting actions in response.  Finally, third quarter earnings were affected by reserve strengthening and other operations. We conducted our annual environmental reserve study and strengthened net reserves by $75 million on a pre-tax basis as compared to $53 million in the third quarter of 2008. Increased severity and higher loss adjustment costs drove this result.  In terms of the top line written premiums for the third quarter were $2.4 billion. The economy continues to be a challenge to our commercial lines in terms of premium growth as the recession has reduced the industrys exposure base. However, in smaller commercial accounts we are seeing early indications of stabilization in mid-term cancellations and endorsements. More broadly we believe the effects of the economic downturn on written premiums will begin to taper off in 2010. At the same time we are seeing signs of momentum in new business across all segments. This was particularly true in personal lines and small commercial where we reported new business increases of 26% and 20% respectively on a year-over-year basis.  Looking ahead we are committed to executing on the keys to our success; underwriting discipline, developing and enhancing our products and services offerings and positioning the company to take advantage of the opportunities when the market and the economy turn.  Now lets turn to our life results on slide five. Our life operations showed improved earnings in the third quarter. Rising equity markets pushed account values higher and contributed to an 11% sequential increase in assets under management. Core earnings for the quarter were $499 million and benefited from a $231 million DAC unlock. Stabilization in our franchise and rising equity markets have increased the underlying profitability of the company. Core earnings excluding the impact of DAC unlocks nearly doubled from the second quarter of 2009, a positive sign that margins and our equity sensitive businesses are recovering from the market lows earlier this year. We also benefited from favorable mortality in the quarter in our group and individual life businesses.  Now lets move to some of our wealth management businesses. In the third quarter we posted $622 million of VA deposits. Looking forward we expect VA sales to slow somewhat as we transition to the new products that Liam mentioned earlier. In mutual funds we had another excellent quarter with deposits of $3.1 billion. That is two quarters in a row with deposits over $3 billion. Sales momentum is being driven by our strong distribution and superior relative performance with 65% of the funds having outperformed their Morningstar peers year-to-date.  With the benefit of positive net flows and market depreciation we are seeing margin expansion in our mutual fund business with an annualized ROA above 11 basis points in the third quarter, the highest level in over a year.  Turning to our group benefits business, profitability was strong in the third quarter with a loss ratio of 69.4%. We benefited from favorable mortality in the quarter. We are still not seeing any change in claims behavior or severity due to the recession and we are continuing to maintain our full-year loss ratio outlook. However, the top line in GBB has been affected by lower payrolls. Fully insured premiums declined 4% from the prior year. With the unemployment rate approaching 10% carriers are chasing fewer available premium dollars and pricing has become even more competitive. Of course, as you would expect we are maintaining our price discipline in this environment.  Finally, group benefits reported third quarter sales of $122 million, 23% lower than the third quarter of 2008. Persistency remains solid but the next two quarters are likely to be difficult comparisons in terms of new sales due to the pricing environment as well as the strong numbers we posted in the prior year.  In summary, The Hartfords improved capital strength and rising equity markets contributed to strong core earnings and increasing stability in our life operations.  Now I would like to discuss our capital position as of the end of September. I will be working from slides six and seven. These are updated versions of slides we used for our second quarter earnings call. A number of investors found the second quarter slides useful so we have stayed with that format.  In property casualty statutory surplus increased about $400 million in the third quarter to $6.8 billion. This was primarily driven by strong statutory operating income as investment losses were minimal. In our life operations we finished the quarter with statutory surpluses of $6 billion, down slightly from the end of the second quarter. The decline was driven by investment related impacts of about $500 million primarily reflecting impairments. This was largely offset by statutory capital generated by our variable annuities and other life businesses.  Now please turn to slide seven. Slide seven updates our capital sources and potential uses for the second half of 2009. This slide demonstrates two points; first and most importantly we continue to have a capital position able to withstand a sharp decline in the equity markets as well as significant capital impact from our investment portfolio. Second, our capital position was strengthened in the third quarter with the completion of our $900 million equity raise. You can see that in our total capital sources increased to $9.9 billion.  Now move to the potential uses of capital which is shown on the bottom half of the slide. Our estimate for VA impact is about $1 billion, down from the prior estimate of $1.3 billion. This improvement reflects the benefit of a higher year-end S&P assumption partially offset by higher macro hedge costs and higher initial capitalization of our on-shore captives. We are pleased to have recently obtained all of the necessary regulatory approvals for our captives and we expect it will reduce the volatility of our capital requirements in the fluctuating equity markets.  You will also see on slide seven we have not changed the $1.6 billion assumption for investment related capital impact for the second half of 2009. Total capital impact recognized in the third quarter were about $600 million. In addition the estimated year-end capital impact of ratings downgrades through the end of the third quarter is about $200 million so we are going to stay with the original $1.6 billion second half provision. Looking to 2010 we would expect significantly lower capital impact from our investment portfolio as compared to 2009.  Moving down the slide we continue to include the expiration of our deferred tax asset permitted practice as a potential use of capital. As many of you know the NAAC may grant industry wide DTA relief. If they grant relief for both the life and P&C industries the capital benefit for us would be about $300 million. The last number that has changed since the second quarter is the estimated incremental capital need in event the S&P were to fall to 700 at the end of the year. This decline from $2.1 billion to $1.7 billion. This improvement was primarily driven by the additional macro hedging and the increased funding of the captives I just mentioned.  Of course there will be changes, potentially positive or negative to our reserves and required capital at the end of 2009 based on capital market conditions and other factors as well as cash flow testing results and the final determination of risk based capital requirements including C3 phase I and C3 phase II. These may cause final results to significantly deviate from these projections.  Now please turn to slide eight to discuss guidance. As you saw in our press release we have increased our full year core earnings guidance to a range of $0.85 to $1.05. This equates to a range of about $0.65 to $0.80 for the fourth quarter of 2009. The fourth quarter range assumes an average of 423 million shares outstanding as the shares we issued in August will be fully reflected for the first time in the fourth quarter.  Our range also assumes $110-120 million in pre-tax losses on limited partnerships and other alternative investments in 4Q driven in part by losses on real estate limited partnerships. The guidance also includes an estimated $30 million after-tax charge in the fourth quarter related primarily to the restructuring of our life operations.  In summary, the third quarter demonstrated the strength of our franchise. We delivered greatly improved core earnings in both life and P&C and with our successful equity raise our capital position is even stronger.  With that I will turn the call over to Rick to begin the Q&A session. 
Rick Costello :  Thank you Liz. Before we begin the Q&A session I would ask each caller to limit himself or herself to two questions. This will allow us to get to as many callers as possible. Operator you may now open the call to questions.  
Operator:  (Operator instructions) The first question comes from the line of Ed Spehar  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Ed Spehar  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  I have a question on the Japan business. I think a lot of us have been trying to figure out why you took as much of the TARP as you did and I think some speculation has been around the fact that Japan was not hedged. I am wondering, you talk about the additional benefit from increased macro hedging in the U.S. and I am wondering if you could update us on what your thoughts are surrounding hedging in Japan. 
Liz Zlatkus :  I would look at Japan in two ways. First, we reinsure over 50% of the risk to the U.S. and so our macro hedging does help cover that risk. So when we look at the capital requirements you see in slide seven you can see we have more than enough capital and our hedging results do help the Japan risk.  In terms of what is left in Japan we do have some risk that is left in Japan. The amount of capital we have there is very positioned. In fact if you look at kind of a global equity market decline it would be consistent with S&P falling down to 700 we would still have more than sufficient capital in Japan to cover that. So all in I think we are managing this in terms of hedging on a macro hedge side which does cover a lot of the spanned risk as well as having the excess capital that we have. 
Ed Spehar  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: If you chose to fully hedge, given the fact that you have decided to exit Japan if you chose to fully hedge as best you could the risk in Japan how much additional, what would be the additional expenditure. Could you give us any sense? 
Liz Zlatkus :  I would say we look at that all the time and what we think is we have the right balance. As you know overall cost of hedging while it declined from the highest levels are still very expensive so I would say we think it is prudent in terms of the amount of hedges we have on the books as well as the excess capital that we have. 
Ed Spehar  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: More expense than keeping as much of the government money as you have now? 
Liz Zlatkus :  Again we look at the money that we received from TARP as to help manage not just for equity market declines and the Yen strengthening but also as we look at the commercial real estate market and how that will unfold. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse. 
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Another question on hedging. You talked about how you have reduced volatility in part based on macro hedging. Can you talk a bit about how symmetrical the performance you expect of the hedge to be? By that I mean I guess it is encouraging to seeing it down 30 markets, the hit is only going to be $1.7 billion. What is the loss going to be in an up 30 type market? Is it symmetrical or not? 
Liz Zlatkus :  I would say that some of the convexity has been taken out because again you have put more macro hedging on and in addition we have increased the initial funding of the captive so again that helps to dampen when the markets fall further. As far as when markets go up I would say a few things. Number one, on a statutory basis even including all of the costs of our macro hedging we will still earn money on the overall VA book as markets rise. In terms of the GAAP side, so helping you think about GAAP profits if you looked at some of the information we gave out in the KBW in terms of our overall GAAP earnings for the VA book and then you looked at our macro hedging costs and our [DMWB] program you should expect kind of the quarter if markets stay relatively flat or about 9% you would see about $100 million pre-tax cost for hedging there. So all in you would still make money on a GAAP basis as the markets rise and we make money on a statutory basis but clearly it is dampened because of the hedging. 
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: But not to the extent that you would expect to see a loss? You think you would still be profitable even factoring in a loss on the macro hedge?
Liz Zlatkus :  The answer to that is yes, subject to the sensitivities we have in the Q. For example, on the [DMWB] we are under-hedged for rates and volatility. So if rates fall and vols rise you are going to have losses in the [DMWB] programs. Short of any shocks to the system you can think about our options on a macro hedging kind of running at about $100 million, again pre-tax, pre-DAC per quarter but then you have to look at the Q for sensitivities for market shocks. 
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Liam, I guess just related to your comment about the wind down of certain institutional life insurance businesses, I dont know if you or Liz want to answer this, but what size asset pool are you looking at in terms of the liabilities you are thinking about running off? As you do that is there a plan to de-risk the balance sheet at all or are you pretty comfortable with your CRE exposure as it stands today? 
Liam McGee :  Is your question more of a macro question or is it specific to the institutional life businesses that I mentioned? 
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: It is truly two parts. One is specific. How big is the pool of assets and liabilities for the business that you are expecting to run off? A bigger picture question, is there an expectation to de-risk the balance sheet as you do that or should we not expect anything too dramatic? 
Liam McGee :  On the first question we will take that offline with you and take you through the details so that you can understand it better. In terms of the macro question, as I indicated in my prepared remarks I and the team are going through an exhaustive review of the company and we will communicate in early 2010 what our go-forward plan will be including many of the elements you just described so it would be premature for me to get into any more detail than that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Paul [Ferrian]  No Company Listed. 
Paul [Ferrian]  No Company Listed: On the income guidance for alternatives with a loss of $110-120 million for the fourth quarter, that is surprisingly worse than the third quarter which was only $32 million and the quarter before was only $93 million loss. I am wondering if there is something specific that you see coming, causing you to keep that higher guidance. The second question is on the global hedging program I just wanted to ask how you set the target for that program as to what you are hoping to hedge, how you decide how much hedging, etc.? 
Greg McGreevey :  On the first question regarding the partnership income there is nothing we are seeing right now in the fourth quarter. Let me give you just a bit of backdrop as to why Liz gave the guidance that she did from a partnership standpoint in the fourth quarter. Our loss experience through the third quarter was down about 20% in alternative driven mainly from real estate partnerships. We kept that percentage the same on an annual basis which meant that the fourth quarter results were going to be higher than what we had reported in the third quarter and the second quarter. Typically there is a lag in valuations, as you know, and typically the fourth quarter can have the largest change in valuation. At the end of all that we would expect certainly to not exceed the $120 million number you had referenced and would hope that we would come in [slightly]. 
Liz Zlatkus :  In terms of hedging obviously we look at the cost of hedging which is still relatively expensive. We look at the cost of capital, the availability of capital and many other factors. We chalk our VA business down to 1% and we set targets. I am not going to get into the specifics but again we think that the protection that we purchased now for 2010 was prudent in light of we continue to see a potentially choppy market and that coupled with our very significant amount of capital as you saw in slide seven, we think the combination of our hedging program and the capital we hold is the right balance. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: A question on the property casualty side. Can you maybe flesh out what you are seeing in the auto frequency? If you could quantify that it would be helpful. 
Juan Andrade :  I think as Liz stated when she was going through the results a little bit ago, what we are seeing is an uptick in auto frequency particularly in auto liability that is clearly driven by an increase in miles driven as gas prices have become more normalized. I think you will recall our third quarter of 2008, this time last year, gas prices were significantly higher. Miles driven came down precipitously and now we are starting to see them come back up. 
Jay Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Is this something you should have expected though? 
Juan Andrade :  Well this is something we have been dealing with and we have been taking rate throughout the year. I think if you look at our rate for auto we are about a plus three for the first nine months of the year so there is something we have been dealing with. What we are seeing, and I think this is something that our competitors have also alluded to is frequency is up low single digits and we need to stay in front of loss costs and we will continue to take price and underwriting action. 
Jay Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: On the commercial line side can you talk about what you are seeing from a claims standpoint? Claims frequency in commercial lines. 
Juan Andrade :  From a claims frequency standpoint on the commercial side I think loss costs were very well within our expectations. I think particularly when you look at the comp lines of business frequency continues to be very favorable to the industry as a result of lower payrolls and more experienced workers remaining on those payrolls. So commercial lines we feel very good about where loss costs are right now. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Eric Berg - Barclays Capital. 
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: I think more than once on this call you have mentioned some degree of cautiousness about commercial real estate. What should I infer from your comments and in particular do you anticipate that commercial property prices will be falling even from here? If so, by how much and relatedly what are the implications, if any, for further property price declines that you envision for your CMBS portfolio which by its very nature is protected by subordination? 
Greg McGreevey :  Clearly we understand the possibility of further pressure in the real estate market and pressure in two ways; one on further economic deterioration and then on capital flows and refinancing that could happen in that market. What we have done as a result of that is we have continued to re-underwrite and look at our portfolio both the whole loan portfolio and CMBS to come up with what we think are the right fair values and the many capital impacts that could result from that and then we will make appropriate decisions around that either to sell securities, hedge them or in many cases hold securities which is an active decision on our part given that we think our overall portfolio there will still be significantly recovery we will experience in our portfolio overall. We dont give loss estimates, as you know, overall but I wanted to explain the process, the rigorous process we go through in evaluating our portfolio and the decisions we make. 
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: My second question relates to VA CARVM and I dont know maybe this is for Liz or a member of her team, but here is the questionmy understanding is that the R in VA CARVM stands for reserves and that VA CARVM doesnt directly affect capital or equity which is what we have been talking about today. As a matter of fact, because the total asset requirements which I guess is sort of laid out in this other accounting rule called C3 Phase II isnt changing. My understanding is that if the reserves go up as a result of the application of CARVM but the total asset requirement doesnt change you could have a situation in which VA CARVM actually leads to lower equity or lower capital required rather than more. My question is, given that sort of arithmetic, again higher reserves, total assets unchanged, seemingly lower equity capital, why are you saying and others are too that VA CARVM is going to lead to more capital required? I know that was a lot but I hope it was clear. 
Rick Costello :  Before we answer, operator could you mute Eric Bergs line so that we dont get the interference? 
Liz Zlatkus :  I think when people in the industry including The Hartford talk about VA CARVM we really are talking about the intersection of VA CARVM with C3 Phase II capital. You are correct that if reserves go up then potentially the total asset requirement would go down. I mean the capital required would go down because total asset requirement would stay the same. So in some cases again the rising equity markets reserves would come down, capital would actually increase and then you have a levering effect. Again, that is why sometimes we talk about rising equity markets we also have capital increases as you can see on our slides.  As markets fall you are right, reserves go up and capital may come down but it is not a one for one. So the capital requirement under C3 Phase II which is the average of the worst 10% can also go up. So I would just look at it and say what is the total required capital including reserves for VA in 2009 and those are the kind of numbers we are talking about. It is including both reserves and capital in terms of how we look at it. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital. 
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: I also had a question about the macro hedging. As I understand it, essentially you are buying S&P puts and selling out of the money S&P calls to fund the puts. I guess the latter part is what concerns me as opposed to just buying the puts directly at even costs. [Inaudible] kind of reminds me of what went wrong on the VA product, right? The customer is being sold way out of the money option that no one ever thought would produce a material loss and it did. It seems like you have done the same thing here. You sold way out of the money causing S&P hedging was a cheap way to finance the puts but they produced a loss again. I guess I am just wondering if that whole risk management changes made at the company when you are still selling way out of the money calls and can you just tell me if my understanding this correct and if it is, why is that a good idea? 
Liz Zlatkus :  The first thing and most importantly is I would say for 2010 that is now all gone. That is the main point. Of course in 2009 we were trying to balance the cost of hedging which is quite expensive and the amount of capital we held and so yes we did do some of that but we were fully aware of it. It was always in our modeling. Again, for 2010 we no longer have that. 
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: So you are still buying the puts, you are just paying for them directly rather than making it a cost transaction? 
Liz Zlatkus :  Right. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Nadel - Sterne Agee. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: I am thinking about your guidance relative to the third quarter results and in particular thinking about the property casualty side. Obviously lots of moving parts this quarter but I was interested in what kind of prior year reserve development we should be thinking about as we look at to the fourth quarter and into 2010? 
Greg McGreevey :  I think as you know we dont outlook reserve developments. We call them like we see them. In the third quarter we did see favorable development particularly in workers compensation, professional liability, general liability as well and I think it is a testament that our book is aging nicely and the underwriting discipline continues to be very sound. We dont forecast and we dont outlook prior year releases. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: So just to be clear that is not in your fourth quarter guidance? 
Liz Zlatkus : That is correct. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Separately, I am just thinking about the life segment. A couple of months back, maybe it is a little bit more recent, Ramani at an industry conference mentioned that the life segments normalized earnings could return to about $1 billion annually. I guess I have two quick ones on that. First, with the leadership change and the continued review of the business I was wondering if you continue to believe that is the case. Second, over what kind of timeframe should we expect that kind of improvement since it wasnt mentioned? 
John Walters :  First of all the guidance that we gave at KBW which was that we would expect the life company in 2010 to be operating at $1 billion plus earnings rate, we still see that as very much intact. So we are comfortable with that outlook at this point and we will be providing more guidance as we come into the first quarter of next year. 
Liam McGee :  The only thing I would add to that is in my time here working with John and his team that I would concur with his description of the earnings potential going forward. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. 
Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Liam, you mentioned having met with a lot of your key producers and coming away with a sense that they wanted to put more business with you and that you had an opportunity to get better penetration. I am wondering what your take is on what needs to happen to kind of close that gap and see that opportunity? Is it a matter of the producers still getting more comfortable with your viability? Are they looking for more product? More service? More price? What do you think you need to do to realize that opportunity? 
Liam McGee :  What I am alluding to and what I was struck by was the longevity, depth and the two-way loyalty of those relationships and certainly in the context of the challenges of the prior 18 months it was quite striking. In general, those partners and as I described in my comments I sat through seven business reviews in-depth. So these were fairly in-depth discussions and many other conversations out of that context. I want to emphasize that, they did communicate they saw The Hartford as the best of their partners. I think we need to execute better in the marketplace. Better sales management. Perhaps a little more demanding at times with the things that we do. Leveraging off those to get more chances as well as bringing the end-to-end nature of our product offerings both in things we have in the life business in combination with the things we have in the P&C business and make it easier for them to service their customers at one time. So there are a number of opportunities but I think at the top of the list it is execution. 
Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: In the capital discussion I didnt hear any mention about RMBS. Do you have any potential upside from rating rule changes that are possibly pending there? 
Liz Zlatkus :  As you look at the provision we have for the second half you do see it stayed at $1.6 billion. Just as a reminder, we had $600 million credit impact in Q3 and we also see ratings migration that has already occurred of about $200 million so that gets you to $800 million. In terms of some of the potential changes at the NAIC we do see that they could be potentially favorable to us. I think it is still too early to tell. We really arent forecasting that in our provision. 
Operator:  There are no further questions. 
Rick Costello :  Thank you operator. With that then we will bring the call to a close. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator:  This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Costello - SVP of Investor Relations Ramani Ayer - Chairman and CEO Liz Zlatkus - EVP and CFO Juan Andrade - President and COO of Property and Casualty Operations John Walters - EVP and COO of Property and Casualty Operations
Analysts: Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Josh Shanker - Citi Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton John Hall - Wells Fargo Securities John Nadel - Sterne Agee Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hartford Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Costello, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Rick Costello: Good morning and thank you for joining us for today's second quarter 2009 financial results conference call. As you know, our earnings release, 10-Q and financial supplement were issued yesterday. To help you follow our discussion, a slide presentation is available on our website, at thehartford.com. Ramani Ayer, Chairman and CEO; and Liz Zlatkus, CFO, will provide prepared remarks this morning and we will conclude with a Q&A session. Also participating on today's call are Juan Andrade, President and COO of our P&C company; Greg McGreevey, Chief Investment Officer; John Walters, President and COO of our Life company; and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to the presentation on slide two, please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our 2008 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date. Today's discussion of The Hartford's financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, is provided in the Investor Financial Supplement for the second quarter of 2009, in the press release we issued yesterday and in the Investor Relations section of The Hartford's website, at www.thehartford.com. Please turn to slide three, and I will hand the call over to The Hartford's Chairman and CEO, Ramani Ayer.
Ramani Ayer: This past quarter was a critical one for The Hartford. We took a number of significant actions to set the company on the right path to deliver value for our shareholders. On the first quarter call, I told you that we were considering a number of actions relating to The Hartford's strategic direction. Now that those considerations have been completed and our strategic direction affirmed, I want to begin this morning with a brief overview of The Hartford's strategic path. Then we will cover our second quarter results and look at some important metrics that point to our being on the right track. As we said last quarter, The Hartford's Board of Directors working with management conducted a comprehensive strategic review of the company's business operations. The overriding goal throughout the process was to enhance shareholder value, while preserving our commitments to policyholders. By the end of the process, it had become clear that the best way to deliver long-term value as an organization was to return to our historical strengths as a US-focused insurance and financial services company. We're confident in the opportunities in front of us. We're going to focus on our strong portfolio of protection businesses, primarily property and casualty, group benefits and life insurance. We're also going to continue to invest in our strong wealth management and retirement businesses, including retirement plans, mutual funds and a restructured US annuities business. Our intent is to drive profitable growth from three key areas of opportunity; protecting individuals and families, protecting businesses and their employees; and managing wealth and retirement. First, protecting individuals and families through personal insurance and individual life insurance. With our 25-year history with AARP and our network of more than 8,000 independent agents, we are well positioned to continue to grow in automobile and homeowners insurance. In addition, we are seeing signs of success with our efforts to deliver our AARP product through the independent agent channel. The results from our four-state pilot have been better than expected and we will be adding 16 more states by yearend, giving us a 20-state presence accounting for two thirds of our agents. In individual life insurance, we have a broad portfolio of competitive products and are number three in variable universal life and number one in life insurance sales through banks, financial institutions and stockbrokers. Across the industry, life insurance sales are down significantly from 2008. The challenge for The Hartford was compounded in the first part of 2009 by uncertainty about our ratings. Going forward, with our strengthened capital position, we are trying to win back some of those lost sales. We'll continue to expand in the independent distribution space, to drive our strong point-of-sale franchise through advisers and to differentiate with our award winning service platform. Our second area of opportunity is protecting American businesses and their employees through business insurance and group benefits. Business insurance is core to The Hartford. We have been investing in our product offerings and have industry-leading underwriting capabilities. Our distribution network, including more than 7,500 appointed agencies, has shown remarkable resilience over the past three quarters. Our agents have steadfastly remained loyal to The Hartford. Now that the future direction of the company is clear, our agents just want to get back to business and so do we. In small commercial, our Spectrum small-business owners' policy is the most comprehensive for its value in the industry and we'll continue to compete aggressively in the small business market. In middle market, we're investing in product development to broaden our risk appetite and accelerate our underwriting process to improve productivity for our agents. The Hartford's group benefits business is a leader in providing life and disability products and services for employers, ranking number two in disability premium and number three in group life insurance premium. We will be looking to grow in group benefits where we have significant competitive advantages, including innovative claims management and outstanding service capabilities. The third opportunity is managing wealth and retirement with retirement income protection products designed for today's market. There is an important need for wealth and retirement solutions and consumers remain interested in products that help them accumulate money for retirement and give them steady income they can rely on. On the wealth management front, we plan to continue to grow in retirement plans and mutual funds. We expect to generate operational efficiencies in retirement plans through the integration of our acquisitions and to focus on the small and mid cased retirement plan markets. Through this market turmoil, our mutual funds have continued to see solid deposits, largely a credit to our ability to deliver strong, long-term performance, an experienced wholesaling force and broad distribution. We expect to drive significant growth in assets and earnings going forward. On the annuity front, we will focus on simplicity and protection at a reasonable cost. We are planning to introduce a new variable annuity product in the fall of 2009. We will be providing more details as we get closer to launch. The product will provide growth and guaranteed income for policyholders without exposing The Hartford to the same degree of equity market risk. With our new strategic direction, we're focusing our efforts in those markets where we have the best tools to compete. Now please turn to slide four to review a number of other important actions we have taken. In June, we finalized our $3.4 billion investment agreement with the US Treasury, fortifying our capital position. In April, we announced a number of important steps in the restructuring of our global VA business and we made a lot of progress during the second quarter. The suspension of new business sales in Japan and the UK has gone smoothly. We have taken a number of actions to reduce the scope of our international lines and we will do more in the third quarter. We expect that by the end of this year we will have eliminated more than 50% of the January 1, 2009 expense base in our international operations. In our property and casualty operations, we took a critical step earlier this month by naming Juan Andrade as our new President. Juan has played a key role in setting the strategy for the P&C business in recent years and ensuring the continued strong performance of our property and casualty operations during this recently challenging period. Juan brings with him a great depth of industry expertise from both within and outside of The Hartford. He is the right leader for our organization and I know he will do a terrific job for the business. We've also continued to cut costs. With equity market declines and a narrower strategic focus, we must sharply reduce our expense base. To that end, we have accelerated our cost savings efforts and are now targeting a goal of cutting $400 million across the enterprise in 2010 as compared to our 2008 expense base. In the life company, we are on track to cut the expense base by nearly $300 million or 18% of the 2008 levels by the end of '09. Now let's turn to slide five to review our second quarter results. I want to start with book value where we saw strong sequential improvement. With significant spread tightening in the quarter on our investment holdings, book value per share jumped to $32.20, a 33% increase from the end of March. Net income was basically flat in the second quarter of 2009 as core earnings were slightly overtaken by net realized losses. We recorded a net loss of $15 million or $0.06 a share. Core earnings of $622 million got a significant lift from improving equity markets in the second quarter with a $358 million DAC unlock benefit using a reversion to the mean estimation technique. Net realized losses were just over $350 million in the quarter, excluding our obligations to Allianz stemming from the closing of the US Treasury investment. Now please turn to slide six to discuss our property and casualty results. Our property and casualty franchise demonstrated tremendous resilience in the second quarter. Despite strong economic headwinds and ratings concerns earlier in the year, our operational performance remains solid as evidenced by strong underwriting profitability and other key metrics. Total net written premiums were $2.5 billion, a drop of about 5% from the second quarter of 2008. Similar to the first quarter of 2009, the recession continues to be the primary driver of the premium reduction as payrolls and exposure levels shrink. Profitability, on the other hand, continued to be very good. The ex-cat current accident year combined ratio in ongoing operations for the second quarter was 90.4, an important measure of the value of The Hartford's underwriting discipline. Catastrophe losses at 5.8 points of earned premium were lighter than last year, but higher than we would typically expect in the second quarter. A number of multi-state wind and hail events hit particularly hard in personal lines in the quarter. We again saw favorable prior year developments in our ongoing operations with $59 million of net reserve releases. Total reserves in ongoing operations continue to develop favorably. In our other operations segment, we conducted our annual asbestos reserve study in the second quarter and we strengthened net reserves by $138 million. Increased severity and higher loss adjustment costs in certain smaller insureds was the largest driver of the adverse development. Before we move to slide 7, I want to comment briefly on the market. The property and casualty industry remains very competitive. While we continue to see a deceleration in rate decreases in our commercial lines, a dramatic shift to higher rates is unlikely due to the impact of the recession. We believe that commercial lines rate declines will continue to moderate at a slow, but steady pace. Rates are already increasing in personal lines and we expect that to continue. Going forward, even as rates begin to harden into next year, top-line growth will be challenged by the business environment. The economic downturn continues to drive increased shopping as agents and policyholders shop policies at renewal in an effort to reduce the cost of coverage. We have seen this also drive a decline in our average written premium as customers engineer their policies towards higher deductibles and lower limits. Now please turn to slide seven to discuss some indications that our property and casualty franchise is intact and that we are effectively competing in the market. The second quarter can be separated in three periods. April was a continuation of the first quarter of 2009. In the middle of the quarter, a new challenge presented itself in the form of media speculation about The Hartford's future direction. By the end of May, we had provided clarity on our strategic direction, and in June, we closed the US Treasury investment. Since this time, we have seen important signs of continued positive momentum across the property and casualty franchise. In personal lines, written premium was up 2% driven primarily by a 3% increase in AARP. Auto policies in-force grew over 25,000 during the second quarter as our marketing efforts saw steady success. Going forward with the economic downturn driving increased consumer shopping, we expect to see continued new business growth in the second quarter of 2009. Actually in the second quarter of 2009, new business was up 44% over the prior year. Premium retention, which declined several points during 2008, remained stable in the 85% to 86% range during the second quarter of '09. In small commercial, which saw a written premium decline of 5% in the second quarter, new business growth bottomed early in the quarter, then grew in May and June, as our future became clear. This trend has continued as July new business growth is on track to finish more than 20% higher than 2008. Of course, the economy will remain a headwind. Small businesses are closing and fewer new businesses are being created. I'm pleased that we were able to increase policies in-force by almost 7000 in the second quarter in this economic environment. Written premium declined 9% in the second quarter in middle market. At the same time, new business premium in our key accounts line, which is a subsegment in middle market, jumped to 27% in June, as we saw a significant increase in engagement among our agents and brokers. There was a similar trend in premium retention where the June level of 73% was nearly 6 points better than May. For the second quarter, middle market policy retention was down year-over-year. We expect some of that to reverse over the second half of the year, but it is really important to understand that some of the decline in retention is attributable to maintaining our pricing discipline in a very competitive market. In specialty commercial, we have stabilized our public company D&O business. We experienced ratings pressure in that line in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009, which contributed to a written premium decline of 16% for specialty commercial in the second quarter of '09. In June, a number of HFP, Hartford Financial Product staff, left the company. We immediately put new management in place and we have been intently focused on retaining existing accounts. Although it's early, we have had a lot of successes and you will note that we have not changed our specialty commercial written premium guidance for full year '09. Overall, we are pleased with the trajectory of our property and casualty business. The franchise is intact. We are receiving favorable feedback from our agents and brokers and we continue to deliver solid profitability. Let's turn to our life operations on slide eight. Strong equity market performance was the key driver in the second quarter of 2009. Assets under management increased 6% sequentially, which drove higher fee income levels in our retirement plan, mutual funds and variable annuity businesses. Core earnings in the second quarter of 2009 increased over the prior year quarter. This was primarily driven by the $358 million DAC unlock benefit. Core earnings, excluding the DAC unlock, increased 21% from the first quarter of '09, an indication that our results are beginning to stabilize. Year-over-year profitability in our life operations remains challenged by the twin effects of lower equity markets, with the S&P down 28% from the end of the second quarter of '08 and an 11% year-over-year decline in pre-tax net investment income. Margins have been compressed across the board. Looking forward, though, we expect that margins will begin to improve. Part of that will be driven by expense control. As I mentioned earlier, the life management team has taken decisive action to bring the expense structure in line with our revised strategy. We estimate that by the end of '09, about $300 million or 18% of the '08 expense base run rate will have been eliminated. You will see some of the impact in the second half of the year with more lift coming in 2010. Let's move to the segments. Our group benefits business was affected by the economic downturn, which led to lower payrolls. Fully insured premium dipped 2% from the prior year. We also saw an uptick in the GBD loss ratio to 76.5, up from 73.7 in the prior year quarter. Much of the loss ratio increase can be attributed to unfavorable disability claim development relating to the '08 incurral year. We also saw a continuation of higher group life mortality in the second quarter after years of favorable mortality in the middle of the decade, and we are taking appropriate action in response. Looking ahead, the group benefits business will be a significant contributor to The Hartford's earnings. As net investment income begins to improve, we'd expect the core earnings run rate to average around $80 million a quarter through 2010 with variances, of course, for seasonality and loss volatility. In individual life, we saw important signs of recovery in the second quarter. Sales increased 22% from the first quarter and we expect sales to grow through the balance of the year. Our distribution is intact and our sales office model gives us an important competitive advantage. Along with group benefits, individual life is a core element of The Hartford's strategy to emphasize protection businesses. Our objective for Individual Life is to generate about $40 million a quarter in core earnings on average through 2010 assuming stable mortality. When you combine group benefits and individual life, it is almost $500 million in annual run rate core earnings that aren't highly correlated to equity markets. The second quarter was challenging for the retirement plans business, but we remain confident about the future. Deposits declined to $1.8 billion in the second quarter as fewer plan sponsors moved plans and the size of the plans that did move was smaller due to equity market declines. We also experienced net outflows for the quarter. Now this was driven by the surrender of two plans that we had expected for some time. One plan converted to self advised status and the economics of the other plan weren't close to our hurdle rate. The future of the retirement plans business remains strong. The integration of our three 2008 acquisitions is on track. The recent equity market declines have delayed our ability to generate at scale returns in this line, so you should expect this segment to achieve scale ROAs in the low 20s in 2011 assuming normal equity market growth. We had an excellent quarter in mutual funds with deposits exceeding $3 billion. The story was even better on a net flows basis. We swung from $500 million of net outflows in the first quarter of 2009 to net inflows of $1.1 billion in the second quarter. With improving performance in many of our funds, we expect to see strong deposits continue. In US variable annuities, deposits were about $700 million in the second quarter, roughly even with the first quarter. We are guiding to $500 million to $750 million in deposits in the third quarter. Beyond that point, deposit levels will be a function of consumer and distributor acceptance of the new product. Profitability in individual annuity for the second quarter of 2009 was elevated due to the DAC benefit. Excluding the benefit of the DAC unlock, margins remained compressed. Overtime, however, as negative returns and alternative investments moderate and we benefit from the expense cuts we have made, we would expect the individual annuity line to generate $85 million to $90 million a quarter in core earnings in 2010. As I have indicated earlier, the process of suspending sales in Japan and the UK and downsizing our international operations is going well and we should be sized to service our in-force business economically by yearend. Absent a strong rally from here in global equity markets, we would expect our international operations to generate about $35 million in quarterly run rate core earnings going forward. In summary, we saw important signs of stabilization in our life operations in the second quarter. As we have shown, the earnings power of the businesses remains strong. We are taking the right steps to target desirable markets and to right size the organization. Please turn to slide nine. Slide nine illustrates the second quarter improvement we saw in credit spreads, which tightened across virtually all asset classes as the global appetite for risk began to return. This led to a $3.8 billion improvement in the fair value of our investment portfolio in the second quarter, backing out the $1.4 billion impact of the new impairment accounting rules. At the end of June, we had a significant liquidity position with over $16 billion in cash, short-term investments and treasuries. As you know, we've built this liquidity over the past year due to volatile credit markets and as a buffer to protect against potential liquidity demands. Late last year, we did see demand for liquidity from GIC holders in our institutional solutions group. However, we haven't seen increased lapse levels in any of our other spread-based businesses. Therefore, we are planning to reduce our liquidity position by about $5 billion by yearend. About $2 billion will go to fund previously disclosed GIC withdrawals. As for the balance, we intend to put about $500 million a month to work in fixed maturities through the end of the year, which will boost investment income going forward. What that, I will turn the call over to Liz.
Liz Zlatkus: I will begin on slide 10 with an overview of our holding company capital at the end of the second quarter. We began the second quarter with $1.3 billion of on balance sheet capital resources and we ended the quarter with $3.6 billion. The major contribution during the quarter was a $3.4 billion in CPP proceeds. The primary uses of holding company resources were a $500 million contribution to our life operations, the repayment of about $300 million in commercial paper and the contribution of about $200 million to the Federal Trust DRIP. When you take into account $2.4 billion in untapped capacity under our contingent capital and bank credit facilities, you can see that we ended the quarter with total resources of $6 billion. Please turn to slide 11 for a review of our statutory capital generation in the second quarter. P&C's statutory surplus increased about $300 million to $6.4 billion. This increase was primarily driven by statutory operating income as net investment related impacts were minimal for the quarter. In our life operations, we finished the second quarter with statutory surplus of $6.1 billion or a $500 million increase from the end of the first quarter. The improvement was driven by the $500 million capital contribution we made in late June. Investment related impacts were about $300 million and were roughly offset by operating income from our VA and other life businesses. To give you more color on VA, strong global equity markets reduced our aggregate statutory liabilities by almost $2 billion. Hedge assets declined by essentially the same amount, driven by higher equity markets, higher interest rates, lower volatility levels resulting in minimal net impact from reserve changes in hedging. Please turn to slide 12. Looking to yearend, we have the capital resources today to withstand both a sharp decline in the equity markets as well as a significant investment related capital impacts over the balance of 2009. Beginning with our projected sources of capital, our life and P&C operations are both currently capitalized above AA standards. As I just outlined, we have significant capital resources at the holding company. In addition, we project second half statutory operating earnings from our insurance company of about $700 million. Just to note, this also reflects a reasonable run rate for 2010. All-in, you can see we project total sources of capital of approximately $9 billion. As for potential uses of capital, we estimate total VA related impacts, including the implementation of VA CARVM at the end of the year, to be approximately $1.3 billion at current market levels. This reflects our intent to put in place an onshore captive by yearend, the primary benefit of which will be to mitigate risk-based capital volatility, particularly at higher equity market levels. We also include $1.6 billion of investment related impacts as a projected use of capital. This assumes continued macroeconomic deterioration and stress on the commercial real estate sector and includes impairments, mark-to-market impacts, realized gains and losses and downgrades on securities. This assumption is somewhat higher than what we saw in the first half of 2009. However, as we think about 2010, we expect the rate of investment losses to decline significantly from '09 levels. Finally, we will pay $200 million to Allianz in October and second half interest payments and dividends should total about $300 million. We have to make the same caveats we always do in making our projections. Developing estimates and assumptions about capital, whether it involves VA reserving or future investment-related impacts, is inherently difficult. There are numerous factors presently unknowable that will ultimately determine actual results. These factors include future equity levels, interest rate volatility, currency, actual policyholder behavior, fund performance, and of course, the macroeconomic environment, liquidity, pricing in the credit markets amongst others. So be advised that actual results may deviate materially from these projections. With those caveats, as you can see on slide 12, even incorporating substantial investment impacts and assuming current equity market levels, we would expect to finish the year very well capitalized with over $5 billion of excess capital resources. Moreover, in the event that equity markets did decline sharply to a yearend level of S&P 700, we are still well positioned to maintain AA capitalization levels. Please turn to slide 13 for an overview of the accounting for the CPP investment. The CPP preferred stock and warrants will affect our results in several ways. First, the preferred stock dividends will reduce earnings available to our common shareholders in the earnings per share calculation by $170 million a year. In addition, earnings available to common shareholders will be reduced to reflect the accretion of the discount associated with the preferred stock. This amount is approximately $90 million year. This discount results in the allocation of the $3.4 billion in proceeds to both the preferred stock and the warrants. The allocation of proceeds was based on the relative fair values of the instruments. We recorded the preferred stock at $2.9 billion and the warrants at $480 million. The discount to the face amount of the preferred stock will be amortized over a five-year period using the effective yield method. The amortization amount is deducted from income in calculating earnings per share. The warrants were issued at a strike price of $9.79, which will result in an increase in diluted outstanding shares whenever the stock price exceeds that amount. With that, I will turn the call back over to Ramani.
Ramani Ayer: Before we turn to Q&A, I just want to summarize our second quarter results. One, our strategy is set and our capital position has been strengthened. Two, in property and casualty, we are competing smartly in a challenging market. Three, our second quarter results demonstrate that our franchise and distribution plan are intact. Fourth, in the life operations, we saw a stabilization in the second quarter and we're really taking the right actions to realign our expense base to our strategic direction going forward. With that, let's go to Q&A. Operator, you may now open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Darin Arita with Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: I had a question on page 12 with respect to the equity market sensitivity. The global VA impact at yearend '09 with the S&P at 700, that $2.1 billion, is that in addition to the $1.3 billion or is it an $800 million increase?
Liz Zlatkus: No, that is in addition.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: It is in addition. Does that include the use of the onshore captive?
Liz Zlatkus: Yes, it does, except that the onshore captive actually helps us more on the upper equity market levels. It really doesn't have an impact on the lower equity market levels. We are assuming we implement the captive for 2009.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: With respect to the captive, can you talk about your decision on why onshore versus offshore and what are the costs to setting this up?
Liz Zlatkus: Yes. Obviously, this has a lot of complexities as you try to determine the best result, everything from tax implications to how the rating agencies will look through things. So we felt the onshore captive was the best solution for us. In terms of the cost of setting it up, it's not significant. You have to put capital into the captive, but then that capital gets to be utilized in terms of calculating your overall capital requirement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Citi.
Josh Shanker - Citi: I wanted to talk about the property casualty space. In terms of considering the competition, one of your competitors has posted their numbers and talked about a downsizing of the type of coverage being purchased. It doesn't necessarily show up in the numbers that you've have shown. Given that you are successful in competing for that small business, I'd like to talk a little bit about that competitive landscape.
Juan Andrade: Clearly, what we had seen in the first six months of the year is the impact of the recession primarily on small business, but also on individual consumers where you see that being reflected in top-line or at least in your premium retention numbers, as you see an increase in audit premiums, in cancellations and endorsement activity as small businesses consolidate operations, small businesses go bankrupt, reduce coverage, et cetera.
Josh Shanker - Citi: In terms of that situation, are you finding that you can retain more policies by offering more coverage at a better price or your brokers are volunteering to take down what's being offered? How do you compete with that?
Juan Andrade: I think you're seeing a couple of dynamics in the marketplace. The impact of the economy, what I mentioned earlier, is creating a tremendous amount of churn in the marketplace, meaning customers are looking for ways to reduce their premiums, and distributors are looking for ways to retain those accounts to maintain their revenue levels at the same time. We do see that as far as new flows are concerned. We do see flow of business as being up as we take advantage of the churn in the marketplace. That is a way that we react to that.
Ramani Ayer: As Juan mentioned, the impact on renewals, obviously, because coverages are being paired back, deductibles increased, payrolls declining, it affects our retention premium year-on-year.
Josh Shanker - Citi: Can we just get an update in terms of the timing of the executive search and the process?
Ramani Ayer: As we have indicated, the Board has a search committee. It is being directed by the Board and they are very pleased with the progress. When we have something substantive to share with you, we will be delighted to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Following up on the slide 12 question that Darin had, is it possible to provide other sensitivity numbers other than S&P 700? What would that $2.1 billion be at S&P 800 or 900?
Liz Zlatkus: As you know, trying to project exact capital market impacts at each level is a bit challenging. What I will say that may be helpful is that on average our convexity has been reduced. So when you think back to Investor Day in December and some of the projections we were using then, we had more convexity, more steepness as market levels dropped. Now, it has flattened out a bit. That's due to both the hedging that we've put on, which has obviously improved our capital position at the lower equity market levels as well as the implementation of VA CARVM, which is somewhat of a step change. In other words, on average it just increases the reserves. So, I would say, if anything, it has just flattened out a bit.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: There were some comments on ROA that we might see in the retirement segment in 2011. One of our challenges is trying to think about how the US VA business, retirement and even institutional and international will model out into those out years, 2010 and 2011. Is there any guidance we could see on ROA we might expect to see, especially in the US VA business or some of those other lines that are more in question or potentially heading towards runoff?
John Walters: First of all, in Ramani's comments, I think he did give you some good earnings guidance relative to the next six quarters. In IA, we said it was going to be $85 million to $90 million. In international, we said $35 million per quarter, which includes our expectations for normal market development, normal market growth, which gets you to an ROA expectation or better than that really an earnings expectation on those businesses in a stabilized environment. The current guidance is 30 to 34 basis points ROA on IA. We do expect that the annuity ROAs that are in our guidance will improve somewhat as we go forward as we get better returns. In the investment portfolio, we do have a large fixed account there and as those returns improve somewhat, that will get better, and also the expense reductions and the impact of higher markets will improve that as well. As we go forward, we think that the numbers that Ramani shared are the right numbers for you to be thinking about and modeling toward, assuming that we get normal market environments. I also think that on the businesses where we have not continued sales, for example Japan and the UK, that we have seen very steady asset levels there so far. Redemptions, while they spiked initially, have been fairly steady since, and so we do not expect a dramatic runoff in that business. Instead, we expect it to continue to be an earnings contributor for us and then a slow runoff after that.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: On the annuity front kind of how that goes into the end of '09, is that contemplating the rollout of the new product? How are you expecting now for the rollout of the new VA product to affect those returns as it is rolled out?
John Walters: First of all, from a financial perspective, I would expect the rollout of the new VA product to have a very marginal impact because it will take a while for it to build up. It will take a while for it to have enough volume to really impact the some odd $70 billion that we had in existing VA assets, which is really going to drive the earnings component. That said, the new product will be different than many of the products that are in the marketplace today. As you know, everybody has been revising their products in the marketplace and we are right in the middle of that. I think we've taken a bit of a different perspective that I think will work very well over the long term, but it will take us a bit to get it established in the marketplace. Our new product platform is designed to combine value, simplicity and transparency as to all the costs, which I think will be very well received by the marketplace. We've got good indications from the key accounts that we've been calling on about their enthusiasm for the product. It will appeal to a broader range of consumers by providing a more compelling solution for retirement income that's still guaranteed without exposing us to the kind of equity market volatility that the products over the last several years have. That said, the sales rates for the fourth quarter, first quarter until we get this new product established and start to burn into the distributors are very uncertain. So the guidance that we've given is really third quarter guidance. After that, we'll be working hard to get the new product established and we'll be able to give you a better indication of what sales levels to expect as we get into the new product launch.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Greenberg with Langen McAlenney.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: There has been a lot of discussion about flight to quality in the property casualty business and understanding the issues in the specialty division. Outside of that, do you think your issues have left you as a victim of that flight to quality up until now? If so, do you think stabilization of capital and strategic plan will lessen that going forward or probably remove that issue going forward?
Juan Andrade: What I would say is that the challenge that we have faced is really the economy, not so much ratings outside of the specialty lines. If you look at our new business flows, I think that's evidence of that. For example, for the quarter, new business premium in personal lines was up about 44%. Small commercial was up about 3%. Middle market was up about 5%. So we continue to be very viable in the marketplace. We continue to see our flows improve month-over-month. We continue to be very heavily engaged with our agents and brokers who have been very loyal to us through this period of time.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Do you feel that the tone has changed meaningfully second quarter versus first quarter?
Juan Andrade: I would say that certainly it has. The greater certainty that we can provide the marketplace about the stability of our balance sheet, the better it is for our distributors and for our customers overall. We have certainly seen an increase and an uptick in flows throughout the quarter.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Is it possible, Liz, to provide us an updated estimate on risk-based capital ratio?
Liz Zlatkus: As you know, risk-based capital is only calculated to the end of the year. What I would say is trying to do it at 6/30, you could take the number and divide it by our old risk-based capital level of about $1.3 billion. Knowing that VA CARVM is coming into play, I just think it's not really a meaningful indicator. Clearly, our capital went up in the life operations $500 million. We do not have significant asset-based charges, et cetera. So we are more than well capitalized.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg with Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: I have a question that will take us back to the beginning of your comments regarding the future direction of the company. It's apparent that you are reducing your exposure internationally and you are looking at options for your institutional business. As we think of the US business, I'm hoping you can sharpen my understanding of how the new Hartford, if you will, domestically, obviously lower costs, but how else will the new Hartford be different from the old or maybe the point is that it won't be different? I just wanted to be entirely clear on that important question.
Ramani Ayer: First of all, the new Hartford, let me talk it through in terms of product distribution and risk. The new Hartford, from a segment perspective, is very focused on becoming more insurance protection-focused. Therefore, more of our earnings growth going forward will come from the insurance-based businesses. So as you compare ourselves to five years ago, we were the dominant player in the variable annuity market. We have obviously restructured it pretty dramatically. To that extent, a protection focus is going to be the more critical driver of both earnings composition and earnings generation. So that's issue number one. Issue number two, the new Hartford, as you think about it with respect to these protection businesses, carries forward its traditional strengths in both distribution and product innovation, which we believe has always been our strength both in terms of diversity of distribution as well as the quality of our distribution in terms of our relationships. Product innovation is naturally part of that. Our most recent one with the AARP launch through independent agents is actually a very exciting change for us because almost 20% of our new flow is coming from that particular platform. We are doing the same in our small business area. We are doing the same in the individual life and retirement areas. So I believe that product innovation is going to be a strength that we carry forward. Third, from a risk perspective, we are obviously doing a lot more in terms of restructuring our thinking about risk, both with respect to the annuity platform, as well as Greg is doing a very, very good job in ensuring that our risk management practices inside of our investment operation is going to be materially strengthened so that as we look to the future and market volatility in the future, we want to be sure that our general account performance is more stable and more dependable. So, those are the three ways in which I would say that the new Hartford is different.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: My second and final question relates to the mutual fund business. It continues to do very well in terms of attracting funds, but close to a decade, I guess, after the launch of the operation, it continues not to contribute meaningfully to the earnings. What are the challenges from an earnings point of view that this business faces and what would you consider to be a reasonable timetable for it to be at an appropriate level of profits?
John Walters: The mutual fund business is a very important business to us and one that we are quite proud of what we've been able to accomplish from. If everybody remembers, really a standing start in 1996. So we have come a long way in a very short relative period of time versus many of our peers. That said, we are still relatively small as a mutual fund company and this is a scale business. A lot of your expenses in mutual funds are very dependent on the average size of your account base. So, as we go through time and we are able to grow that average account size, we think there are meaningful scale benefits that we can get. We lost some of those scale benefits in the market downturn that we just had. As both cash flows and market returns bring those scale benefits back, we think we can get back to the earnings levels that we had a couple of years ago. We think that this can be one of our fastest growing earnings components, albeit off a very small base, over the next several years as we get normalized markets and good cash flow. Ultimately, where we want to take this business to is a 16 to 18 basis points ROA and I think it will take us several years to get there, but we feel like we have the pieces in place to do that.
Ramani Ayer: Remember, it was not too long ago that we did have a 15 basis point ROA on this business. This recent market downturn, both with respect to the breakpoint oriented scale point that John is mentioning, as well as just the severity of the market downturn caused us to fall down and we are now expecting this to improve gradually as we move forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: I may have completely missed it, but in your reconciliation of capital I didn't see anything on the at the market $750 million or whatever deal. What's the status of that? It looks like you didn't really do much through the end of July. I just want to know if that's still out there and how we should think about that.
Ramani Ayer: Well, as stated in our press release announcing the offering, we launched a discretionary offering to take advantage of favorable market conditions from time-to-time. As we reported in the press release announcing the closing of the CPP investment, in light of market conditions after the launch, sales were limited to about 1.2 million shares. Soon afterwards we began preparing the Form 10-Q for the second quarter, and therefore, suspended the offering. I would say, going forward, we intend to continue to exercise our discretion in executing the offering again based on market conditions. Those would be basically the three points I would make.
Liz Zlatkus: Let me just clarify though. Any additional issuance is not included in the capital that I show on slide 12.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Can you just kind of give an update in terms of distribution trends on the life side? Obviously, with the ratings downgrades and the substantial decline, particularly on the VA side in terms of production levels, have the defections at the wholesaler level leveled off? What did you see kind of in the quarter? I would ask the same question at the end distributor level. Can you just give an update on where we are and what we've had to do to keep the wholesalers that we have wanted to keep?
John Walters: I would say that broadly across the life company, I've been very pleased with how stable our distribution relationships have been. In every business that we have, we've been able to maintain all of the key distributors that we've had relationships over the years. I think we're prepared to start to regenerate momentum in each of those businesses as we go forward. We have had some businesses be more affected in the second quarter by the disruptions of the fourth quarter and first quarter than others. That was particularly true of kind of the longer sales cycle businesses like retirement plans and life group benefits and the high-end of the life insurance business. You see a quicker turnaround in the mutual fund business where the sales cycle is quite a bit shorter. On the wholesaler side in all of these different businesses, by and large, I would say that our wholesaler retention has been excellent. We have had very little unplanned turnover. That said, we have restructured several of our different wholesaling organizations to reflect the current market environment. The most dramatic actions have been taken in our annuity wholesale force where we have changed that and we now have about 60 wholesalers going forward in the annuity business. We are confident that these are 60 great wholesalers who can carry our message to the street very effectively with our new product and we have not had any unplanned turnover that is meaningful in that particular line of business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hall with Wells Fargo Securities.
John Hall - Wells Fargo Securities: I was looking at the potential uses of capital on page 12 or so in the presentation. I didn't see anything explicitly identified relative to Japan or the foreign annuity businesses. I was wondering, one, are there any capital demands out there that we should be thinking about, and two, if so, is it included in that global VA number?
Liz Zlatkus: In terms of that global VA, it does include all impacts from our foreign businesses. In Japan, we have capital in Japan and we really have excess capital over there, so we are well capitalized. We reinsure a large portion of that business back to the US, and so that's where it gets counted. In total, that global VA number includes all impacts of our foreign operations, including kind of risk-based capital charges that we get applied to the surplus that we hold in our foreign operations. So it's a comprehensive number.
John Hall - Wells Fargo Securities: Is it possible to break out that $1.3 billion and $2.1 billion into its US and foreign components?
Liz Zlatkus: It really wouldn't be meaningful because, again, some of the businesses reinsure back to the US. That's why we look at it in total. So I'm not sure it would be a meaningful number.
John Hall - Wells Fargo Securities: I have another sort of CEO follow-on type of question. You've gone down a path here in which you've identified strategy, direction for the company and the like, while also seeking to bring in a new CEO. I guess how certain can we be of that strategy remaining intact? Are you looking for a CEO who basically signs on in total to what you've articulated as the direction for the company?
Ramani Ayer: Here is how I would answer that question. First and foremost, remember, as I mentioned in my opening comments, the Board was actively engaged in this process right along the way. Over the last six months or nine months, I am starting to lose track of time here. We went through an exhaustive analysis of our options to ensure that we were thinking about this very, very thoroughly and rigorously from a shareholder perspective, while at the same time being mindful of our policyholder concerns too. That's the first thing. Given the Board's engagement, now not getting into any of the specifics of Board conversation, because I'm not privy to those with potential candidates, I would assume the Board and the candidates will look at the context that they are facing over the next decade and then make proper adjustments. I have to believe that the Board's conviction around this strategy was shared in this whole strategy definition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: I have two quick ones if I could. First, also on slide 12, I was hoping we could better understand a little bit the first estimate, the $2.3 billion of capital in excess of the AA minus rating level. Liz, I think earlier you mentioned that you didn't have a second quarter risk-based capital estimate. I was wondering how we arrive at the $2.3 billion.
Liz Zlatkus: I think so we just don't like to be discussing a risk-based capital number that gets utilized when it's really a yearend calculation, but obviously we have excess capital as we define it sitting here at 6/30. That's primarily at the life side, but we also have access capital at PC, so we're starting the third quarter with $2.3 billion. My only point is we know that the implementation of VA CARVM and some of the other risk-based capital charges for VA at the end of the year are going to be impacting us. If we look at an RBC number and say its in the 450 or whatever range, we're just saying we know that on an apples-to-apples basis as we go to the end of the year the requirements change. So we just didn't think it was overly meaningful. That capital is able to be utilized. In other words, as we go through the end of the year, we're saying we'd start with that, and then we use it when we go to the end of the year. When we look at that global VA number, we will utilize $1.3 billion of that $2.3 billion.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Could you give us a ballpark of what the pie looks like, how much of that $2.3 billion is in the P&C company versus the life?
Liz Zlatkus: I would say it's in the $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion range on the life company and then plus $500 million on the P&C.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Second question is just, if memory serves correctly, I think The Hartford's impairment process over the past four to six quarters has differed a little bit in terms of the impairments you recorded on a GAAP basis versus on a statutory basis. Maybe I am wrong on that. I was wondering, first, could you just confirm if that was the case, and second, just around that, if impairments were to catch up to GAAP, how much of an incremental would that be?
Liz Zlatkus: The first answer is, yes, there was a difference. In the past, particularly you may remember the third quarter, we had significant impairments that we took in the third quarter on a GAAP basis that related primarily to financial services where we did not feel that they would recover to 90% of their value within a two-year period. Those rules have now changed. Now under a GAAP basis, you really look to say, is there a probability of a credit event and then you write it down to that credit. You just write it down to the amount of the credit impairment. As you see in our financials, for example, reversing some of those GAAP impairments that we took, because of that two-year rule, we reversed those under the new GAAP rules. That was $1.4 billion pre-tax or the $912 million after-tax. So, when you kind of look cumulatively, we're more in line now. On a cumulative basis, our stat impairments are more in line with GAAP. Going forward, the rules are pretty much essentially the same.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Because of that FAS 115-b or whatever it was called, that brought them back in line because of the reversal on the GAAP side?
Liz Zlatkus: Absolutely.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: On the P&C side, the new business growth you described in June and July that accelerated meaningfully. To be honest, I don't know if I should be encouraged or discouraged by that, meaning just given the competitive environment we're in, what we are hearing from others is obviously it's good that the franchise is pulling through, but on the other side I'm worried that maybe you are being aggressive in doing that or maybe there are mixed messages between the field and headquarters, something like that.
Juan Andrade: We actually feel very good about this. One thing that's important to recognize is that we do not sacrifice profitability for growth. Our underwriting discipline here at The Hartford is deeply embedded within our culture. That's clearly evidenced in the accident year ex-cat combined ratios that we've reported, so the 90.4 for this quarter, the 90.7 for the prior year quarter and the 90.2 for second quarter of '07. We're also walking away from business that we don't feel is adequately priced. Our second quarter pricing trends certainly would indicate that point. Personal lines was a plus 3 in written pricing for the quarter. Small commercial was flat compared to a minus 2 for the prior year quarter. Middle market was a minus 1 for the quarter compared to a minus 2 last quarter and a minus 7 for the prior year quarter. So we feel very good about the ability to maintain our discipline while we're increasing these flows. One thing to keep in mind too is we have put a tremendous amount of investment over the past year, so in product development, in distribution and in service, we're happy to see that that is paying off.
Ramani Ayer: One last point I would add to the excellent comments that Juan has made is our pricing trends that he quoted includes both new and renewal pricing. So we measure pricing adequacy across both our new and renewal business. So we feel very confident that we are doing this very carefully and selectively. With that, I'm going to bring the call to a close. I just want to express my appreciation for you taking the time on this call. We are delighted to share the news of our quarter with you. We are building steadily and progressively as we go along in all our major businesses trying to recapture the hearts and minds of our distribution, as well as our employees and executives. So, I thank you for this opportunity. We look forward to our third quarter conference call. Thank you again.
Operator: This concludes today's Hartford second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Costello - Senior Vice President Investor Relations Ramani Ayer - Chairman & CEO Liz Zlatkus  CFO Greg McGreevey - Chief Investment Officer John Walters - President and COO Life Company Jonathan Bennett - Co-President P&C Company Juan Andrade - Co-President P&C Company Alan Kreczko - General Counsel
Analysts: Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker  Citi Eric Berg  Barclays Capital [Mike Seremski]  Credit Suisse Ian Gutterman  Adage Capital Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank Dan Johnson  Citadel Paul Soren  FPK Chris Summers  Greenlight Tisha Jackson  Columbia Management [Ahnat Christian  Four Research & Management]
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome everyone to the Hartford First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Mr. Rick Costello, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin.
Rick Costello: Thank you for joining us for todays first quarter 2009 financial results conference call. As you know, our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday. To help you follow our discussion, a slide presentation is also available on our website at www.TheHartford.com. Ramani Ayer, Chairman & CEO, and Liz Zlatkus, CFO will provide prepared remarks today. We will conclude with a question and answer session. Also participating on todays call are Greg McGreevey, Chief Investment Officer, John Walters, President and COO of our Life Company, Jonathan Bennett and Juan Andrade, Co-Presidents of our P&C Company and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to the presentation, on slide two please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartfords future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, our 2008 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities & Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation which speaks as of todays date. Todays discussion of The Hartfords financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is provided in the investor financial supplement for the first quarter of 2009, in the press release we issued yesterday, and in the investor relations section of The Hartfords website at www.TheHartford.com. Now, I would ask you to move to slide three as I turn it over The Hartfords Chairman and CEO Ramani Ayer.
Ramani Ayer : As you know, the first quarter was another challenging quarter. The US and the rest of the world remained deep in recession. Unemployment rates in the US have ratcheted up and theyre expected to keep rising throughout 2009 and into 2010. Moreover, the outlook for a return to more stable markets or an economic recovery is unclear. Please turn to slide four. Given the state of the global economy and the equity and credit markets we have been intensely reviewing our business operations. Our goal is to enhance shareholder value while maintaining our commitments to policyholders. We have begun a process to reposition the company with an aim to reduce risk, preserve capital and stabilize our ratings. The actions we announced yesterday to narrow the focus of our variable annuity businesses represents one step in this effort. First we have decided to suspend new business in Japan. We have come to this decision after a careful review of the capital markets and competitive environment in that country, as well as our own exhaustive product development efforts. At the end, we concluded that the current balance of risks and returns in the Japan market was unacceptable to us.  Therefore, effective June 1st we will suspend new business sales. We will adjust our operations in Japan to reflect the implications of this decision. We have over 500,000 policyholders and $30 billion in account value in Japan. We will continue to service our existing policyholders and just as important, we remain well capitalized to meet their needs. Second, were suspending all sales in the UK market. While we have had some successes in this market we have decided to suspend sales and to cancel our planned entry into the German market in order to narrow the focus of our VA business. Again, we will maintain our Dublin based service operation to serve existing policyholders and to honor our commitments. Finally, turning to the US, as you know, we began a process to reduce risk in our VA business last year. AT that time we said the US VA industry needed to change, that the guarantees had become to rich. In fact, the US market is now in the midst of tremendous change. Across the board, insurers have modified their products to eliminate some of the riskier provisions and in many cases have increased prices. The fact that this market is being reshaped is clear. What we dont know is how the product landscape will look at the conclusion of this process. In the third quarter we are planning to launch a new variable annuity founded on the pillars of simplicity, competitive costs, and lower risk profile. In the meantime, were implementing additional changes to our existing product lineup. Were increasing pricing by 20 basis points on our LIB (Lifetime Income Benefit Portfolio) living benefit income rider and were eliminating the LIB selects rider for new policyholders. The portfolios rider requires asset allocation and is priced accordingly. The selects income rider does not require asset allocation and thus is a more difficult and expensive product to hedge. These changes are likely to reduce sales and we have reduced our outlooks accordingly. Please turn to slide five. We also announced a number of additional actions yesterday. Were exploring options for our institutional markets business. This business is one of the most sensitive to ratings. Given the downgrades we experienced in the first quarter we believe it is appropriate to look for alternatives for this collection of products focused on the institutional market.  Our efforts have not been limited to business operations. As Greg McGreevey explained in detail during our December investor day, he and is team continue to take steps to change the composition of our investment portfolio. During the first quarter we sold over $600 million of financials and a lesser amount of CMBS. We also bought additional protection to hedge our portfolio exposures to certain economically sensitive sectors including financials, lodging, gaming, and retail. Going forward we cannot make wholesale changes quickly but we remain committed to reducing asset risk on our balance sheet in a prudent manner that focuses on value and capital preservation. Finally, were committed to cutting expenses at The Harford. Last fall we set out to reduce our enterprise wide expense run rate by $250 million by the end of this year. Were on track to accomplish that goal with a reduction of workforce, elimination of open positions, and a hiring freeze in many business lines. In addition, we have sharply reduced our other operating expenses. As we go forward we will identify more expense savings in the course of the actions we take on our business portfolio with the goal of right sizing our organization. Before we move on there has been a lot of media speculation regarding potential transactions involving The Hartford. As a general policy matter we do not comment on media speculation. Were not going to make specific comments today on hypothetical transactions. However, I want to be clear that were considering a range of additional potential actions. At the same time, it is important to recognize that beyond the announcements we made last night we may determine that the best course is to continue with a diversified business model. Id like to now briefly discuss the first quarter results on slide six. We recorded a net loss of $1.2 billion or $3.77 a share in the first quarter of 2009. The net loss was driven by a $1.5 billion charge relating to the off cycle DAC unlock. As we said on our earnings call in February, based on the equity market performance in the fourth quarter of 08 and the first quarter of this year, with the S&P 500 declining almost one third we unlocked our assumptions for future estimated gross profits in our Life businesses.  The effect was a charge of $4.66 per share.  Excluding the effect of the DAC unlock core earnings for the first quarter were an even $1.00 per share. Much of the decline from the prior year was due to a reduction in net investment income. One of the contributing factors that lowered investment income was a $209 million pre-tax loss from limited partnerships and other alternative investments. Its worth noting that we expect continued weakness in this asset class in the second quarter and then a moderation in the second half of the year. This is reflected in our guidance. Another factor that drove a decline in net investment income is our increased holding of short term investments and US Treasuries. Given the current investment landscape and uncertain market environment we have steadily increased liquidity in our portfolio and now hold more than $15 billion in liquid securities. Moving now to our operating highlights. A number of our businesses are executing well in this difficult environment. The strong performances could be overlooked given our other comments this morning, that would be a mistake. Im now working from slide seven. Our Property & Casualty business continues to demonstrate its value as a franchise, from its earnings power to its award winning service. Our underwriting discipline is crucial in these economic times and our ongoing initiatives such as expanding products and investing in new technologies are paying off in terms of higher production. Property & Casualty core earnings were $321 million in the first quarter. Most of the decline from the year ago period was driven by weaker net investment income. As I stated, our P&C operations continue to demonstrate very good earnings power. The combined ratio in ongoing operations for the first quarter was 90, within roughly two points of the 2008 period. Loss costs are behaving and were maintaining pricing discipline in very competitive markets. Total net written premiums were $2.5 billion down about 5% from the first quarter of 2008. The decline was due in part to our planned exist from the Florida agency homeowners market as well as the first quarter sale of our specialty property operations. Excluding these two items written premium was down 3.5%. The economic downturn is having a dampening effect on written premium. All the premiums we collect this year will be lower then in the past as payrolls and exposure levels shrink and our commercial policyholders predominantly small and mid-sized business owners made difficult expense reductions and decisions in these challenging economic environment. The P&C market remains intensely competitive and we believe that environment will continue at least through the end of the year. Independent agents are under pressure as they face declining revenues and the contracting economy removes premium from the market. It is a pretty staggering number but we estimate that as much as $1.6 billion of workers compensation premium has vanished from the Property & Casualty industry based on the loss of an estimated five million jobs since the recession started in December of 2007. The economy is also changing policyholder purchasing behavior. New business levels increased in most of our lines in the first quarter while policies in force remained relatively stable. We believe these figures suggest market churn as more renewals are being shopped in an effort to reduce the cost of coverage. The Hartford is seeing the impact of this in a decline in average written premium as customers engineer their policies towards higher deductibles and lower limits. Agents are shopping policies to bring customer costs down, increasing the quote flow in the market. Loss costs on the other hand are generally behaving very well. Frequency trends are still pretty good across our businesses. At the same time, we have seen an up tick in severities which is within our expectations. That said, we continue to watch the trends very closely. As for pricing, I think were close to a real turn in the pricing environment in commercial insurance. Were seeing this trend particularly in middle market where written pricing declined by only 2% in the first quarter of 09 compared to a 6% decline in the first quarter of 08. As we move towards a gradually hardening market we believe our Property & Casualty franchise is well positioned. We have an expanding distribution system with strong relationships with both independent agents and AARP. We have a disciplined underwriting competency that has taken years to build and tune. This core competency of The Hartford is critically important in todays environment as we approach the point at which pricing in a number of markets begins to harden. Finally, we have an award winning high quality service culture. We have cultivated that culture through the deep relationship we have with AARP which Im pleased to say has reached 25 years. We have successfully leveraged it for our customers in small commercial, middle market, and specialty commercial. All in I feel good about our Property & Casualty operations. Were excited about our ability to capitalize on the new business opportunities created by the changes in consumer purchasing behavior while relying on the competencies that serve us well. Moving on to our Life results on slide eight. Over the last 12 months, declining equity markets have eroded more than $60 billion in assets under management. At the same time, deposits in equity based products have fallen victim to consumers current aversion to equities. The first quarter 2009 epitomized that trend and made for a particularly challenging quarter. Core earnings excluding the unlock fell significantly as declining account values reduced asset based fees. Other factors that dragged at core earnings were increased DAC amortization caused by lower actual gross profits, as well as lower net investment income. Obviously some pretty tough results, a performance were certainly not pleased with. It is important though not to lose sight of the fact that some of the Life companies businesses performed remarkably well even in this tumultuous environment. Our group benefits business had an excellent quarter with a 6% increase in fully insured premiums. That growth was fueled by a 5% increase in sales and strong persistency. While we saw a tick up in our loss ratio, this was primarily in our experienced based business, where losses and commission expenses tend to offset. Importantly, the economic downturn is not having a measurable impact on our group benefits claims experienced to date.  Our retirement plans business also had a very good quarter from a deposit perspective. The business recorded $2.2 billion in deposits, a 12% sequential increase. Ongoing contributions and new mutual fund sales were the largest contributors of the strong deposits. When you consider how challenging the first quarter environment was that is a pretty noteworthy result. In retail mutual funds the entire industry was down as many investors stayed on the sidelines but we held our own with over $2 billion in deposits. A number of our larger funds posted strong relative performance in the first quarter and we will look to a build up on that going forward.  In summary, although the first quarter was challenging for our Life operations, our less equity sensitive businesses continue to see strong sales. On the Property & Casualty side The Hartfords strong franchise continued to drive solid underwriting profitability in the quarter. With that Im going to turn it over to Liz for a brief update on guidance and capital.
Liz Zlatkus: Ill begin on slide nine. As we announced last night we have updated our 2009 core earnings guidance. Our revised outlook incorporates our actual performance in the first quarter, including the DAC unlock. I wont go over the specific assumptions listed on slide nine but Id be happy to answer any related questions in the Q&A section. Now lets turn to slide 10. As you know, risk base capital ratios are required to be calculated at year end only, so we did not perform a full blown RBC calculation this quarter. However, in order to give you a sense of our capital position we have estimated our March 31, 2009, RBC ratio to be somewhere between 420% and 430%. The net impact of capital market changes in the first quarter reduced surplus by about $1 billion.  This reflects the decline in global equity markets, partially offset by weakening of the end. These market impacts were offset by actions we have taken to increase fee revenue and lower expense levels as well as incorporating observed policyholder behavior. Net all in there was essentially no impact on capital from our VA business this quarter. In addition, first quarter credit impacts reduced our capital positions by about $300 million. As to 2009 year end capital, our Life RBC ratio will be a function as you know, of many factors including our operating results, actual market performance and the implementation of VA CARVM which estimate could be reduce surplus by roughly $1 billion. All of these variables make it difficult to project year end RBC levels. With these caveats we continue to believe that at a year end S&P of 700 we could maintain an RBC ratio in excess of 325% with the existing capital available across the enterprise. The estimate does not assume any draw down of our contingent capital or bank lines nor does it provide any provision for future credit or other market effects. Our estimate though does reflect the pay down of $375 million of commercial paper which was completed this month. Now lets turn to slide 11 which summarizes our current capital position at the enterprise level. In our P&C operations statutory surplus ended the first quarter basically unchanged as operating income from the business roughly offset losses on the sale securities, impairments and mark to market effects. We did not dividend any money out of the P&C companies during the quarter.  As I said before, it is our intent to maintain P&C capital at or above levels associated with historical AA standards. Finally, the holding company has $1 billion of excess capital. Of course after give effect to the repayment of all commercial paper as I mentioned.  In addition, our $500 million contingent capital facility and $1.9 billion credit facility remain on tap and are fully available to us should the need arise. With that Ill turn the call over to Ramani.
Ramani Ayer: We have made a number of important announcements and I want to get to our Q&A session. However, I would first ask each caller to limit himself or herself to two questions to allow us to get as many callers as possible. Also, as I indicated earlier, we will not be commenting on potential strategic actions beyond those that we have announced. We believe this approach is prudent and best serves the interests of the company and our shareholders so Id appreciate your understanding on this point. With that Im going to turn it over to the operator. Operator would you please open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley: On capital, first you have $2.1 billion net capital employed in your Japanese operations. Given your decision not to write new business how should we be thinking about that capital? How much of that potentially could be freed and over what timeframe? Second, with your estimated RBC ratio of 420% to 430% Im assuming that includes permitted practices. I think that benefit is roughly $1 billion. Would you also have that ratio without the permitted practices, which I think is also a metric with some of the rating agencies?
Liz Zlatkus: In terms of our Japanese operations there are certain rules and regulatory requirements in terms of accessing that capital. I would say that we cannot do that for the next several years. Its important to note that we are well capitalized in Japan. In terms of the RBC ratio all of the forecasts that I mentioned about looking at year end do not include the permitted practices as you mentioned. They were worth about $900 million and our estimated RBC is in the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion range.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Shanker  Citi
Josh Shanker  Citi: I wanted to ask questions about the changes you made in your methodologies regarding the reserves on the GMIB products that are mentioned in the Q whether or not the effect those had on your capital and what changed in the core to allow you make those reserve changes?
Ramani Ayer: I believe youre thinking about the three wind product, there is no real change in the methodology.
Josh Shanker  Citi: More the standing capital change that you made.
Liz Zlatkus: I think youre referring to the adjustments to the FAS 157 liability for living benefits. There were two changes one was the credit standing adjustment where we previously used long term applied default rates for a AA credit company and it was a very small adjustment. With the volatility in the market and our CDS spreads as well as those of re-insurers we did think it was appropriate to move towards something that uses the implied default rates from our CDS but it is important to note that in that case we also look at that for any uncollateralized reinsurance. Youll see some more volatility going forward because of that because youll have to look at our spreads as well as our re-insurers. In terms of the policy holder behavior changes what we would call our behavior margin, we have observed policyholder behavior thats more favorable then what we had anticipated and so we thought it was prudent to put that in. Again, were not putting all of the behavior were seeing but some of it as we watch that emerge. All in, just to give you a sense, the behavior margin that remains at the end of the quarter after those adjustments is still over $1 billion.
Josh Shanker  Citi: In terms of that effect on capital from a GAAP standpoint from a statutory standpoint and whether or not, any thoughts about the potential for those reserve adjustments be premature.
Liz Zlatkus: First of all that was my comments related to the GAAP liability so thats not the same as capital. However, I also mentioned that we did have changes to our statutory capital; Im just saying the calculations are a little different. Those changes were the result of several things; most importantly the management actions that weve taken so weve reduced expenses.  Weve increased rider fees now twice and we also have seen actual experience that emerged both in our first quarter composition of our books so actual policyholder is better than we had forecasted as well as a continuation of that so we put some of that into our future expectations. Its the same kind of concept improved our capital position.
Josh Shanker  Citi: The reserves are only affected on the GAAP side and do you have any thoughts on the potential for what information has to happen that might reverse that situation or potentially might, should we see this as a trend going forward as we go into 2Q09 you see the trend, you see what youre marking and youll take more credit for that over time that will actually continue to improve the position.
Liz Zlatkus: You started to ask about GAAP versus stat but Ill stick with capital which is probably what youre most interested in. I would say that if we continue to see the policyholder behavior that is emerging then yes we would tend to see some more benefit over time.
Ramani Ayer: I just want to be sure you got Lizs answer but she answered two parts.
Josh Shanker  Citi: Two questions that are related, theyre both useful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Berg  Barclays Capital
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: Given the extensive research that The Hartford undertook many years ago to enter Japan its obviously a major decision to exit the country given your extreme high level of optimism about the long term savings prospects. My first question is, is it correct to call this an exit of Japan, in other words, are you leaving the country or are you temporarily suspending sales. I understand youre going obviously service your existing contract which is an exit. Why are you leaving the country? My second question also broad is what is the future of the variable annuity business and in particular what I mean by that question is do you see the business becoming one of simpler, cheaper products or products that are more expensive with tighter restrictions, where is this product category headed?
John Walters: Relative to Japan we have announced, as you saw, that we have suspended sales in Japan. We obviously will continue to have a large presence in Japan because we have 500,000 plus clients and $30 billion more or less dollars of assets under management that we have to service in Japan. The reasons that we have decided to suspend are because of both the competitive environment and where the competitive environment has gone in Japan and the capital markets environment that were in and a need to preserve capital.  We do, because were going to have an ongoing operation in Japan, have the opportunity to reenter that market if those conditions change and we feel its appropriate. In the meantime what well be doing is managing that business to service existing customers and adjusting the organization to reflect the fact that we have suspended sales. We do have the opportunity to get back in if we choose to given that those reasons for exit may change over time. Secondly, on the future of the VA as we stated in our investor day back in December, we had a view that the VA is going to align along really two different end points. One is youre going to have some companies that choose to do products with richer guarantees, higher expenses, and more fulsome benefits for consumers. Then youre going to have other companies that align towards simpler products, less expensive products and products that focus more on the core basic guarantees of lifetime income and things of that nature. We are seeing that happen right now where some firms are sticking with the historical guarantees that theyve had and just mostly changing price. Other firms are doing a complete retooling to try to keep the price lower and to go to simpler products that are less complex to manage and less complex to communicate to policyholders. We are going down the second path so we are going down the simpler, less expensive path and that is reflected in the fact that we have deferred the launch of our new product for May so that we could further retool the product and we currently have plans to introduce that product in the mid to late third quarter and it will be a simpler, less expensive product that is focused on the basic income needs that people have as they approach retirement.
Ramani Ayer: John answered the question very well. The point I would say which John mentioned too, this is still in such a state of flux in the market and its direction and customers reaction to those directions are all in the making. It will be very interesting to see what happens over these next several quarters. The second point on Japan, I just want to say is were very committed to providing the best quality service there in that country because youre right to say were very, very optimistic about our entry in that country but we are very devoted and committed to making sure that our customers receive the best care there.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Mike Seremski]  Credit Suisse
[Mike Seremski]  Credit Suisse: How should we think about taxes should you sell the P&C business. I know you guys arent commenting if youre going to sell it. I guess essentially whats the cost basis of that.
Ramani Ayer: Very important point and I said earlier Im not going to comment on specifics in areas. I think it bears repeating how were thinking about this process. As we are pursuing multiple initiatives to best position us as a company going forward especially for these market conditions and that is an important notion but going to your specific question the tax basis of the P&C company is somewhere between $7 to $7.5 billion, I dont have a precise number.
[Mike Seremski]  Credit Suisse: Theres $1.8 billion of DAC tied to your international business. I guess how should we think about that DAC respectively given that you guys are exiting Japan and the UK. Also, how much capital and/or free cash flow you think will be freed up by exiting those businesses?
Liz Zlatkus: In terms of the DAC balance remember DAC relates to in the fourth book so over time if some markets perform well then kind of you wouldnt expect to have big charges or anything and you can even have unlocks to deposit. I would look at DAC really from in force perspective, theres no impact from suspending new sales. If you have higher lapses it could have an impact or those kinds of things.  In terms of the capital, as I said before suspending new sales wont have a material impact on capital its kind of accumulates over time. Were very well capitalized in Japan in terms of any kind of repatriation that will take several years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Gutterman  Adage Capital
Ian Gutterman  Adage Capital: I had a follow to the questions on the VA. Over time when things recover how important a piece of The Hartford is the US VA marketing going to be? What Im wondering is if youre going to be a smaller company in many ways and one of the problems was the VA concentration it would seem the VA business when you just shrink more than the rest of the business as a part of your balance sheet but should imply even plus these changes that were not going to see a significant recovery in sales down the road. Is that fair as far as what youre appetite will be down the road or can you go back to being a top three, top five player in the US VA market when equity markets recover?
Ramani Ayer: Several points and I welcome John to add to whatever Im about to say. The thing that we want to be very clear on when we spoke to you all in December is the current risk reward relationship in the VA business does not make any sense to us.  As we reverse engineer all these different kinds of products that are being put out there with current capital markets and whats going on in those its not making sense and so much of our engineering of the product as we think about a fall launch is to try to figure out how to best do this where we bring good customer value, keep the costs affordable from a customer perspective as well as simplicity and transparency are something that were thinking about. What is hard to see at the present time is how competitors might react and how the industry might restructure itself and how consumers might think about the VA product given all these different alterations and structural changes that might occur in there. The customers out there are still thinking about lifetime income benefits and equity market guarantees as being critical to them because over the last decade they have seen two very, very severe retrenchments in these markets. We need to see that unfold, we need to have much better clarity before we can really get a sense of our long term positioning in the VA market. In the near term I think John expressed very clearly where were going and given the kinds of changes we have seen in the near term market we have, as you well know, adjusted our guidance downwards so thats reflected in the guidance that you have received.
John Walters: I would just say that we think of this as a transformation that we have to go through relative to the VA market in the US that were part of. Were thinking about that down the lines that I described earlier. We have reduced our outlook to $2 to $3 billion for the year in VA and I think that does say theres going to be substantially lower then its been in the past as we go through this transformation. As both consumers and advisors adjust to what the new market place is going to be for VAs.
Ian Gutterman  Adage Capital: Im trying to think as we go forward whats going to be the main franchise of The Hartford? Is this going to be more of a group company, is that going to sort of be. For the last 10 years we thought of the lead piece of the company being VAs and P&C. Is there going to be more group and retirement is that what I should be thinking about being the drivers going forward, or is there another vision that you can maybe elaborate on.
Ramani Ayer: The first thing is we have to think about this as much more US centric as a company, a focused operation. Focused on both capital and management of risk, those are very important things for us. Our insurance businesses between Property & Casualty, Benefits and Life Insurance are very, very critical drivers of our future expectations. Dont ignore the retirement and mutual funds businesses both of which are very good and they have outstanding performance out there with respect to sales and deposits. The VA relationship as far as new deposits and new sales as John mentioned a second ago will be a lower percentage of our total sales outlook at least for the foreseeable future thats how I would characterize the portfolio.
Ian Gutterman  Adage Capital: Have you had any thoughts as far as distribution, it seems part of the reason the VA product returns got computed down was just the wire house channel is so competitive as far as what you have to pay for production to get on the shelf. Do you need to move your distribution channel across your products to more of the tradition life insurance independent type distribution in VA and outside of VA?
John Walters: We do not see the cost of distribution as the issue in this. Weve kept our distribution costs well under control. It fits within most of our pricing for all of our products. We have the broadest distribution of just about any company in the industry across mutual funds, life insurance, variable annuities, retirement plans and group benefits. We see that being sustainable going forward. We do not see that as an issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank: Starting with Japan, as you evaluated your decision to suspend sales there can you talk about how you thought the risks are different in the Japanese variable annuity market versus the US market?
John Walters: Its a few things. First of all as you look at the Japanese market the nature of the competition in the Japanese market has really changed over the last several years. When we first entered that market we were the first one in there. We were the number one seller and the domestic companies were really non-existent in this market. As the domestic companies have come in, theyve been prepared to do products that we were not comfortable with that did not make sense for us and so that has shifted the focus of the market place and what the appetite is in the market place toward products that were less comfortable with which has caused an erosion of market share for us. In addition, at the same time, weve had a dramatic increase in both the volatility of the market place and obviously a move down in both equity and fixed income and lower interest rates all of which affect our ability to manage this business effectively. You take all those things together, a much more competitive environment with products that we were a lot less comfortable with and the higher volatility and lower interest rates in equity and debt markets and it just made a combination for us that didnt make sense from a risk standpoint and at the same time from capital standpoint. Writing new business does consume capital and so suspending new business will allow us over time to consume less capital in Japan which we thought was a good move in todays environment given that were not optimistic for the foreseeable future about our ability to compete effectively in that market.
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank: Is it really about that last point then because in terms of players doing products youre not comfortable with and the volatility in the markets? Thats the same story in the US.
John Walters: Its different in the US I think for a variety of reasons. First of all the products that are most heavily sold in Japan right now are different products then those most heavily sold in the US. Theyre more focused around shorter term products and GMAB products that give the money back much quicker to the client. Those products for the most part dont really exist in the US. Secondly, it is more difficult to manage the risk in Japanese products then it is I the US both because of the size and liquidity of the derivative markets over there and because of interest rates. There are real substantive differences between the Japanese market and the US market right now.
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank: When I look at slide 10 in terms of the RBC ratio estimate of 325% with the S&P up 700, what was the impact at VA CARVM on that estimate?
Liz Zlatkus: As I mentioned, VA CARVM impact is about in the range of $1 billion. Thats incorporated into that 325%. Part of that delta is from where we sit today, we do have the AG39 relief in our 331 numbers which go away at the end of the year.
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank: The VA CARVM $1 billion and thats separate from the deferred tax asset permitted practice?
Liz Zlatkus: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Johnson  Citadel
Dan Johnson  Citadel: The Japanese Yen movement and RBC, at year end youd indicated that it had a negative impact during the fourth quarter. Can you give us some level of sense as to how sensitive the RBC is to the movements of the Yen?
Liz Zlatkus: At the end of the year you saw that the Yen had moved actually strengthened right from 93, 91 and we told you that was about $150 million. I wouldnt extrapolate that. When you go from 91 up to 99 its probably what youre thinking its roughly in that order but you have the Yen/Euro and Yen/Dollar and the Yen/Euro actually weakened less then the Yen/Dollar did. When you add it all up its probably in the $400 to $500 million of positive for the quarter. Then obviously global equities declining and other movements were negative.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Soren  FPK
Paul Soren  FPK: How much capital is back in the institutional solutions group, how much could be freed up by running off the current book of general account products and over what kind of time frame that could happen?
Liz Zlatkus: Its in the range of $500 to $700 million that backs that business and obviously some of that is very long tail business. It would take many years for that to emerge.
Paul Soren  FPK: On the status of the captive that you talked about setting up to reinsure some of the variable annuity risks, is that active now? So what kind of impact is it having? If not, what kind of timing are you looking at?
Liz Zlatkus: We still are undertaking our valuation. Were looking at both offshore as well as potential onshore captives. Theres a lot of legal and tax and other issues were working through so we should be able to update you on that in the second quarter.
Ramani Ayer: Its in the plan for 09.
Liz Zlatkus: We are not anticipating any benefit from that in the forecast that I gave you. If we are able to achieve it, it would be an upside to the numbers that I had mentioned.
Paul Soren  FPK: Its not in the 325% but you do anticipate it being in place by year end?
Liz Zlatkus: Its not in the 325% correct. Again, were still evaluating it so I cant say for certainty that we are going to take those measures but we are diligently working on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Summers  Greenlight
Chris Summers  Greenlight: Earlier you guys talked about assumption changes related to lower expenses, increased fees and better policyholder experience and it improved your statutory capital. Can you quantify how much that improved the statutory capital?
Liz Zlatkus: All in it was about $1 billion benefit, more than half of that, or most of that is actual results then the remainder is kind of putting in that observed policy holder behavior into assumptions of the future. We did not put all of the favorable experience were seeing in to assumptions but we thought it was appropriate to put some of it in.
Chris Summers  Greenlight: Actual results meaning policies and prices you already had in place that youre carrying forward versus modeling further price increases?
Liz Zlatkus: Let me give you a little bit more color. When you do your statutory reserving you need to look at what are you actually operating at today, so what are your expense levels, what are the fees that youre charging on your product so when I say actual, we already know that we are running at x level of expenses, we already know that we are charging y level of fees in our products so thats what I mean by actual. The other part of actual is the in force composition of the book both at 12/31 and 3/31 were seeing it emerge so actual policyholder that occurred at 3/31 more favorable then we had anticipated. Thats what I mean by actual. Going forward its the same policy holder behavior in terms of lapses and withdrawals that were seeing that was better than anticipated is also much better then our modeling looking forward. Weve put some of that benefit into the future as you just count those cash flows for your reserve calculations.
Chris Summers  Greenlight: In the context of the competitive landscape, lower expenses arguably suggest lower customer service via fewer Hartford employees per customer. Combining this with higher fees how does this contrast with your view of improved policyholder experience in the future?
Liz Zlatkus: Let me just explain expense side then John may want to talk about the service which still remains exceedingly good. The expenses were talking about are just that assets were coming down; it takes a while for us to cut our expenses just in total. Obviously our sales our down etc. What Im talking about reduced expenses its just some of the expense cuts that weve actually have occurred just due to volume decreases.
John Walters: Already this year weve taken our run rate of expenses down by a little over $100 million. That is before the actions that we have announced today which well be working through in the second quarter. Weve been able to do that without impacting in any meaningful way the service levels that we provide to the client. We are very focused on making sure that we do continue to provide the service levels people are accustomed to but as theres a lower volume of activity were able to adjust our expense structure accordingly and thats what weve been focused on doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tisha Jackson  Columbia Management
Tisha Jackson  Columbia Management: I was actually wondering if you could kind of discuss on the captives whats the decision process in terms of off shore versus on shore since I thought there was a benefit to capital if going off shore.
Liz Zlatkus: I would just start out by saying its quite complex the difference is. You can get red space capital benefits in terms of what I would call less volatility in both those scenarios. I would say that its not easy to tell at this point which ones better for us. It depends on your own set of situations. They both could be an improvement for us. We would only do it obviously if there was up side. Its hard to give you specificity around which one would work better for us.
Tisha Jackson  Columbia Management: Could you discuss the capital position of the Property & Casualty business, whats the RBC ratio there or something that we can quantify?
Ramani Ayer: The best way that we characterize that for you is our historical AA standard levels is where were trying to maintain that capital north of that and that is where the Property & Casualty capital position is.
Liz Zlatkus: The capital is essentially unchanged for the quarter and it remains very, very strong. We have excess capital above what we consider the historical standards, different rating agency models but Id say we have excess.
Tisha Jackson  Columbia Management: So there is excess capital in the Property & Casualty?
Liz Zlatkus: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Ahnat Christian  Four Research & Management]
[Ahnat Christian  Four Research & Management]: A clarification question, I heard you say that the updated assumptions were related to policyholder behavior changes resulted in a $1 billion benefit to the RBC ratio. In the 10-Q you also talk about a $965 million benefit given by the Connecticut Insurance Department. Are these two numbers the same or are they relative.
Liz Zlatkus: No, theyre not the same. The issue youre referencing in the K is the permitted practice that we received after our fourth quarter earnings call and that benefit is surplus. That goes away for our 2009 forecast because were under new rules which are VA CARVM. The policyholder behavior and again expenses and increased rider fees, those changes, much of that is permanent and obviously policyholder behavior well continue to watch. That does remain through the end of the year and in the future.
Ramani Ayer: Im now going to bring this call to a close. Weve discussed a number of strategic actions today as we work to reposition The Hartford to navigate this what I consider very challenging market environment as we move further into the second quarter. We will certainly update investors and other stakeholders as events and actions warrant. I want to thank you all for joining us on the call today and I appreciate your attention to The Hartfords quarterly performance. Thank you again.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Costello  Investment Relations Ramani Ayer - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Gregory McGreevey - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer; President of Hartford Investment Management Co. Lizabeth H. Zlatkus - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Thomas M. Marra - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director John C. Walters - EVP, President - U.S. Wealth Management Division; Co-COO of Hartfords Life Operations Neal S. Wolin - Executive Vice President; President and Chief Operating Officer of Property & Casualty Operations Alan J. Kreczko - Executive Vice President, General Counsel
Analysts: Jeffery R. Schuman  Keefre, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Randy Binner  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach Eric Berg  Barclays Capital Darin Artia  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Josh Shanker  Citigroup Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse Andrew Kligerman  UBS [Pamela Cravic  NW2 Investment Management] [John Bose  NW2 Investment Management] Tisha Jackson  Columbia Management  
Operator: My name is Felicia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Hartford fourth quarter 2008 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Rick Costello, you may begin your conference.
Rick Costello:  Thank you for joining us for todays fourth quarter 2008 financial results conference call. As you know, our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday. To help you follow our discussion, a slide presentation is available on our website at www.TheHartford.com. Ramani Ayer, Chairman & CEO; Greg McGreevey, our Chief Investment Officer; and Liz Zlatkus, CFO will provide prepared remarks today. We will conclude with a question and answer session. All participating on todays call are Tom Marra, President and COO; John Walters, President and COO of our Life Company; Neal Wolin, President and COO of the P&C Company and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel.  Turning to the presentation, on Slide Two please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about the Hartfords future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our quarterly report on Form 10Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 and other filings we make with the Securities & Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation which speaks as of todays date. Todays discussion of the Hartfords financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is provided in the investor financial supplement for the fourth quarter of 2008, in the press release we issued yesterday and in the investor relations section of the Hartfords website at www.TheHartford.com. Now, I would ask you to move to Slide Three as I turn the call over to the Hartfords Chairman and CEO Ramani Ayer. 
Ramani Ayer : 2008 was one of the toughest years in the Hartfords history. We all know that financial markets saw some of the worse declines since the Great Depression and the global slowdown affected virtually every sector of the economy. In this landscape the Hartford finished 2008 well capitalized on solid financial footing.  To achieve this position we undertook a number of important initiatives in the fourth quarter. Early in October we announced a $2.5 billion capital investment from Allianz, we reduced our annual dividend by 40% in October. Throughout the second half of 08 we enhanced our liquidity position and at the end of the year we had almost $14 billion held in cash, short term investments and treasuries.  We began a process to reduce risk in our investment portfolio which Greg McGreevey will address in detail. We initiated a review of our global variable annuity business and lastly, we implemented a corporate wide expense and efficiency program that will yield a reduction in our run rate expenses of at least $250 million by the end of the year.  Turning to the numbers on Slide Three, were not happy with our fourth quarter or full year results. We recorded a net loss of $806 million or $2.71 a share in the fourth quarter. Contributing to the loss were realized losses of $610 million. Losses on our hedge program and impairments were the primary sources there. We also recorded a $597 million write off of goodwill associated with our annuity businesses.  Core earnings in the fourth quarter were a -$208 million or $0.72 per diluted share. In addition to the goodwill charge, core earnings were hurt by a $152 million charge related to our [three wind] variable annuity products in Japan, negative returns on alternative investments and lower yields on our fixed income portfolio.  As I mentioned earlier, we have intentionally enhanced our liquidity position. One effect of this action has been lower net investment income as we have increased our holdings of lower yielding assets. Our property and casualty operations performed exceptionally well in the fourth quarter as well as the full year. For the quarter our outstanding underwriting results received a boost from net favorable prior period developments. Please turn to Slide Four. Fourth quarter P&C core earnings were $452 million, 9% above the prior year period. These strong results were driving by a remarkable 77.6 combined ratio. The quarter benefited from current and prior accident year net reserve releases totaling a $187 million after tax. On an ex cat current accident year basis, our ongoing operations combined ratio is 85.3. This is an excellent result and reflects favorable claim frequency and the underwriting discipline were exercising.  Net investment income in property and casualty was down 62% in the quarter driven by a $167 million pre-tax loss from limited partnerships and alternative investments as well as lower yields on our fixed maturity portfolio. Total net written premiums were $2.5 billion, flat to the 2007 level. As markets remain competitive we continue to balance underwriting profitability with growth.  In personal lines we generated an impressive 79.5 combined ratio in the fourth quarter. This result reflects in part favorable current and prior accident year reserve releases on auto liability claims. On an accident year ex cat basis the combined ratio was 86.8. Although time line challenges persist AARP continues to grow with written premium improving 3% over the prior year quarter.  New business trends are positive as well with fourth quarter new business premium 9% above the prior year as a rollout of our new Dimension product gains traction. Small commercial delivered a phenomenal 75.4 combined ratio for the quarter bolstered in part by favorable current and prior accident year development largely related to workers compensation. On an accident year basis the ex cat combined ratio was 76.8, the 12th consecutive quarter below 90. Written premium was down 4% for the quarter but pricing trended positive increasing 1%, four points better than prior year quarter and three points better than the third quarter.  Now, please turn to Slide Five for our life results. Our life businesses were heavily impacted by the quarters market turbulence. Total assets under management ended the year at $298 billion a 20% decline from the end of 2007 primarily driven by the impact of equity market declines on account values. With AUM down, fee based revenues fell, negative returns in alternative investments, lower investment income and the write off of goodwill in our annuity businesses also contributed to a $261 million loss in core earnings. Sales of our variable annuity products were challenged both in the US and Japan. Market volatility has slowed the pace of industry sales which we have seen both in lower sales and deposits as well as reduced surrender levels. Our mutual funds business slowed in the fourth quarter as you would expect but still generated over $2.5 billion of deposits. We believe that we continue to take market share in the fourth quarter.  Our protection businesses continued to perform quite well. Life insurance in force increased 9% over the past 12 months. Strong growth in term life fueled the year-over-year improvement with modest growth also recorded in variable and universal life. In group benefits we continue to generate positive results in a very competitive market. [Inaudible] insured premiums were up 4% over the fourth quarter of 2007. Strong sales and persistency in both group life and disability contributed to the steady premium growth.  As we pivot from our 2008 results, Id like to share some of our thinking about 2009. Looking forward, uncertainty about the global economy and the capital markets has increased. In the absence of healthy and functioning credit markets, we are concerned that the recession both in the US and abroad may be deeper and longer than initially expected. In looking at the property and casualty market, we believe 2009 will remain competitive. We expect pricing declines in commercial lines to moderate in 2009. Loss cost growth should remain controlled. The macroeconomic issues are likely to pressure the top line as our customers seek to shed expenses by reducing payrolls and coverage. Were already seeing some of this has new business formations have dropped and midterm cancellations have ticked up slightly. The Hartfords outlook for 2009 reflects all of these factors. We expect to see modest margin compression with a relatively flat top line. Contributing to the margin compression will be the overhang of pricing pressures already in the market combined with a modest uptick in loss costs. The outlook for the life industry is heavily tied to the performance of the credit and equity markets. The capital markets are likely to see modest improvements but the timing is uncertain. Global sales of variable annuities and retail mutual funds could be pressured as consumer seek relatively safer investment vehicles for their retirement assets. Sales and deposits in our equity linked businesses are expected to be challenged. This is reflected in our deposits as well as guidance for our Global VA business in particular. Our guidance also reflects lower ROAs and after tax margins due to lower net investment income and affects the following AUM levels.  Now, this morning Moodys took action on the Hartfords ratings. Were disappointed with their decision. The Hartford is well capitalized and in this environment weve already commenced a number of actions aimed at protecting our statutory capital and reducing risk. As we reported last night, we will propose to the Hartford board that we reduce our dividend to $0.05 per share to enhance our capital flexibility. While we finished the year well capitalized, we believe reducing the dividend is a smart approach in light of the risks around the economy and capital markets. Its too early to tell you exactly how the VA industry is going to change in terms of pricing and products but the Hartford is moving forward to reduce the risk in its product portfolio. Price increases on our variable annuity guarantees are reflected on new business this month and we are revising our product set from the respective of customer value, capital efficiency and enterprise risk.  Finally, as Liz will discuss in more detail, were shifting our VA hedging program to better protect statutory capital. With that, I will turn it over to Greg McGreevey who will discuss our investment results.
Gregory McGreevey : I look forward to speaking with you about our investment portfolio. Many of my comments will be similar to those provided at investor day so Ill try to move quickly through my Slides. I wanted to first cover our unrealized loss position at the end of the year. As you can see on Slide Six and as you know, significant spread widening in the fourth quarter across all asset classes caused our net unrealized loss position to grow to $13.2 billion. The graphic on this slide illustrates the key sources of the unrealized loss. CMBS and Corporate Securities which were further broken out between financials and all other corporate. Our unrealized loss position increased by about $1.6 billion from the end of October which was the position I discussed at our investor day. While we saw improvement in gross unrealized loss across many areas of our portfolio in December, the year end levels still reflected substantial market stress and illiquidity. Before discussing the specific asset classes, I wanted to first talk about our fourth quarter impairments. Please turn to Slide Seven. We had total pre-tax impairments of $419 million which is at the low end of the guidance provided at investor day. Of this amount and of importance, we only had $73 million of new impairments taken for credit reasons. We also had roughly $100 million of impairments due to mark-to-market changes on previously impaired securities.  The majority of our total impairment, about $250 million where taken on securities where we did not want to rep the hold until recovery. Given current market conditions, we wanted the flexibility to potentially trade these assets at a future date such that such actions would be congruent with our desire to derisk our portfolio in a manner that balances risk, return and capital consistent with our economic view and the expectations of price performance for specific securities.  Now, let discuss some individual asset classes, if you can please turn to Slide Eight. Our CMBS holdings have been a major contributor to our unrealized loss. They represent about 10% of total invested assets but over 40% of the unrealized loss. As you know, fourth quarter pricing was heavily influenced by the continued downturn in the economy, changing fundamentals in commercial real estate and a general lack of liquidity and capital in this asset class. These factors led to significant price declines in our CMBS bond portfolio. At the end of 2008 the average holding in our portfolio had a market-to-book value ratio of about 60% even though 90% of our holidays are rated AAA or AA. The market pricing on these assets at year end implies cumulative losses over 40% which is five times the worse loss experience in the US commercial real estate market. We continue to stress test the entire CMBS portfolio under a severe recession scenario and have done an extensive bottom up analysis on each security and its underlying collateral to examine loss potential and future performance. We believe that our impairments to date have reflected both our stress scenario and our bottom up analysis. In the intermediate term we expect that opportunities to sell CMBS assets at reasonable values will be limited giving the current pricing levels are so out of alignment with the likely ultimate value of these assets. That being said, our long term plan is to reduce overall exposure to CMBS relative to our entire portfolio as well as to align our holdings to only the most senior part of the capital structure.  This will take some time to accomplish and in the interim we will continue to explore hedging opportunities at the security, property type and portfolio level. As you know, in the third quarter we further stressed the loss modeling assumptions for the severe recession scenario we used for CMBS and will continue to use these assumptions in modeling our cash flows for determining impairments going forward.  When we ran the cash flows underlying our CMBS holdings through this severe recession model in the fourth quarter, only a few securities failed for the first time. Our impairment testing assumes 20% to 30% plus peak to trough declines in commercial property values depending on geography and type, declines in rental rates and sharp increases in vacancies. In total, the assumptions were using for defaults and severities are close to the levels experienced in the 1986 [Cohort].  This severe recession scenario is consistent with our view of the commercial real estate market based upon declining valuations and deteriorating market fundamentals, we do not expect prices to recover much over the intermediate term or in government intervention. That said, we still expect to receive principal and interest payments on the majority of holdings going forward.  Now, if you could please turn to Slide Nine. The financial service sector remains in todays headlines on a daily basis, market uncertainty about the future of this sector has reintensified in the past few weeks with speculation ranging from nationalization to the establishment of bad bank government entities. We have remained quite cautious on this sector for some time given the challenging economic backdrop that has resulted in increased losses and reduced capital adequacy for many of these organizations. Included in our financial exposure of $7.9 billion is about $2.6 billion of market value exposure to tier-1 capital including preferreds. This exposure is diversified among leading worldwide financial institutions including banks, insurers and finance companies. We saw significant price volatility across the hybrid sector globally in January driven by increasing concerns over expected losses and potential restructuring events.  Our tier-1 capital exposure to European banks is about $900 million which is roughly 1% of our total invested asset portfolio. Our European bank exposure is primarily to what large universal banks that are integral to the financial system. Included in this number is around $100 million of European perpetual preferred exposure.  Id like to reiterate the following points on financials: first, our preferred and hybrid holdings are in large institutions that have strong parent ratings, on average AA and AA-; second, this portfolio was constructed primarily to match longer dated liabilities which allows us to hold these maturities from an ALM perspective; and finally, while we do not see imminent risk of non-payment or nationalization for the vast majority of our portfolio, we remain concerned about price performance against the economic backdrop.  To that end, we continue to pursue a host of risk mitigation and hedging strategies for specific financial exposures where we have an elevated degree of concern. As part of this analysis we reduced our financial services exposure by over $500 million in the fourth quarter. As you will recall, in the third quarter we spent a fair amount of time discussing the fact that we had recognized about $1.5 billion of impairments on financial holdings where we were not able to assert that they would substantially recover their value within 2 years. At investor day we said we planned to move away from the two year period based on the evolving guidance on impairments. Beginning in the fourth quarter we began to evaluate the potential for price recovery over a longer period up to and including maturity. We continue to employ what we believe is a conservative impairment process which immediately reflects all credit specific concerns as well as decisions to preserve trading flexibility in order to actively manage portfolio risk. If you could no please turn to Slide 10. Weve included a Slide on non-financial [inaudible] primarily to demonstrate the diversification and defensive positions within our portfolio. This asset class has not come under the pricing pressures we had seen in other sectors. Trading at just under $0.90 on the dollar in aggregate, these holdings have benefited from our underweight to both high yield bonds and consumer cyclical sectors. We hedge certain risk in our portfolio by buying protection on names we believe could have challenges in the current market environment. Some of these would include names in the retail, lodging and a lot of our BBB rated credits. If you could now turn to Slide 11. As we position our portfolio for 2009 and beyond, it is difficult to predict when and how the global economy will emerge from this significant downturn. However, our current view is that domestic and global economy will remain week for some time despite continued government stimulus packages here in the US and abroad. The potential also exists for government purchases of stressed securities combined with some form of recapitalization and asset protection loss sharing for financial institutions which could be an important first step in the long process of unfreezing the credit markets. In this back drop, we expect to continue to incrementally reduce our risk exposure in a prudent manner that is focused on value and capital preservation. We will move towards a portfolio that will take both the long term view and short term economic realities in to consideration. Finally, and moving forward, well put on new risk only when we reduce risk in other parts of our portfolio. We believe that our very strong liquidity position is critical in these types of market conditions and are employed in a prudent action oriented approach to investing.  With that, Ill turn it over to Liz.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : I would like to begin by discussing our yearend capital positions. Im working from Slide 12. The Hartford enters 2009 well capitalized. Our property and casualty operations, our capital lies above levels that have historically been associated with AA rating. The preliminary yearend 2008 RBC ratio for our life operations stands at 385% and we have $1.9 billion of excess capital at the holding and property casualty company. Finally, we continue to maintain $2.4 billion of available capital resources in the form of our pre-funded $500 million contingent capital facility and our $1.9 billion credit facility. While we enter the year well capitalized, our preliminary yearend numbers came in lower than our December investor day estimates. Ill take a few minutes to walk you through the differences.  Please move to Slide 13. On December 5th managements best estimate for yearend additional capital resources at the holding company and the P&C company was $1.1 billion. In fact, we ended the year with $1.9. There are a couple of reasons for this difference first, rather than down streaming all of the proceeds from our Allianz capital raise at the life company, we retained $1 billion at the holding company providing us with greater flexibility going forward. Second, the decline in interest rates in December resulted in a smaller benefit than anticipated from the discounting of our long tail P&C reserves and certain rating agency capital models. This decline reduced our excess capital position by roughly $400 million. Partially offsetting this were other changes to surplus including higher fourth quarter statutory income. All in, we entered 2009 with $1.9 billion of excess capital in the holding company and P&C operations.  Please turn to Slide 14. In December, we provided estimated yearend life RBC rations at different market levels. Given the fact that the market ended the year at 903, Ill focus on the comparison to investor day projections at a 900 S&P. As the Slide shows, our preliminary 2008 yearend RBC ratio is 385. That compares to December projection of 535. Again, the 535 reflected the Allianz capital being contributed to the life company. Retaining $1 billion at the holding company results in a 70 point reduction in the RBC ratio. So, the apples-to-apples comparison is to 465. That leaves an 80 point difference in the RBC ratios. Generally, the reasons for this decline fall in two categories, what Ill describe as market changes and forecast variance. One important estimate that was impacted by both market changes and forecast variance was [inaudible] testing required under AG39. You may recall that on investor day we AG39 would not impact our yearend reserve requirements.  In preparing our capital projections in late November, we did not perform full blown cash flow testing as this is done annually in the first quarter of the year with actual yearend data. Instead, we made a number of assumptions about our yearend book of business, projected marketing conditions and other reserve valuation inputs. Having now conducted the actual cash flow testing on yearend in force business, using 12/31 capital market input, it resulted in a net reserve increase of about $600 million. We think this result is unduly conservative. With that perspective we have requested AG39 relief from our yearend reserve calculation from the Connecticut Department of Insurance. If relief is granted, the benefit will be included in our actual yearend RBC ratio but we have not reflected any potential benefit in our preliminary 385 RBC.  A different market change that contributed to the 80 point difference was Yen strengthening in December. This increase required reserves for the Japan annuity business resulting in $150 million reduction in surplus. Finally, other factors netted to a benefit of about $50 million. The sum of these three impacts totals the $700 million which you see on the Slide. Another market change unrelated to VA was the effective spread widening and certain investment holdings. This reduced surplus by about $450 million and was largely related to the surplus required in the market value adjusted fixed annuity. Again, this amount was more than the amount that we had forecasted. To be clear, these are not impairments but rather the impact of marking to market the assets supporting the fixed annuity liability. To the extent that the credit markets recover, we expect to recapture that capital. Before we move off the subject of yearend 2008 capital, as I mentioned earlier, we submitted a permitted practice request relating to AG39 with the Connecticut DOI. We have also submitted a permitted practice request related to the admissibility of deferred tax assets. If both requests are approved, they could provide a benefit of as much as 75 RBC points.  So, we finished 2008 well capitalized. Our P&C operations are capitalized above historical AA standards, we have excess capital at the combined P&C holding companies of $1.9 billion and our preliminary life company RBC ratio is 385. Of course, we also maintain the $2.4 billion of capital resources related to our contingent capital and credit facilities. Please move to Slide 15. Now, I want to make a few comments about 2009 capital. Our P&C operations are expected to generate capital in excess of that required to maintain AA type capital levels and to support the cash requirements of the holding company. As to life, given the significant uncertainty in the markets today, yearned RBC projections are extremely volatile and inherently imprecise. Therefore, we are not providing specific yearend RBC ratio projections.  However, to provide some context, isolating just the impact of equity market declines, we estimate that in an S&P of 700 we have capital within our enterprise today sufficient to maintain and RBC ratio of 325. This assessment does not include a provision for credit or other market effects which of course will occur. That said, a few additional things should be considered when looking in to 09.  First, while we are disappointed with the impact of AG39 on 2008, having a higher VA reserve starting point actually reduces the expected incremental capital impact of lower equity markets in 2009. Second, we purchased additional equity protection to further mitigate the tail. Third, we are evaluating offshore and capital structures which we believe will allow for better alignment between our hedging program with the reserves we would need to hold. Finally, weve announced our intent to reduce the dividend. We are revamping our VA product and disrisking the investment portfolio and again, we have $2.4 billion in additional resources available from our contingent capital and credit facilities. In summary, given our current capital position and other capital resources, we enter 2009 able to absorb further market deterioration.  Now, please turn to Slide 16 to discuss changes to our hedging program. An important step we took in the fourth quarter was to modify our VA program to better protect statutory capital. We began to reduce volatility and interest rate protection in our program during the quarter. From a GAAP perspective the effects of these changes were roughly offsetting. The changes did however, benefit our yearend capital position. Going forward, we will continue to tune our hedging programs to tilt the balance towards protecting statutory surplus, recognizing that this will increase the potential for GAAP volatility. In the fourth quarter, the GMWB hedging program managed through the tremendous volatility of the markets reasonably well. We finished with an after tax loss of $384 million. This was driven mostly by our under hedged vega position, basis risk and intraday market volatility.  Finally, I will conclude on Slide 17. I want to quickly hit upon our 2009 guidance. For 2009 our plans imply full year core earnings per share of between $5.80 and $6.20. There are a number of assumptions underlying these estimates including our assumption of the S&P starting at 900 and growing to 965. Im not going to go through all of them but I would like to draw your attention to the DAC assumptions. Our 2009 guidance assumes no affect from DAC unlock. As you know, we completed our annual DAC unlock at the end of the third quarter in 2008. The S&P at the end of September was 1165. If the first quarter were to end at an S&P level of 830 or lower, we would likely perform an off cycle DAC unlock at that time. Based on the sensitivities provided in the third quarter 10K, the unlock could be in the range of $670 million to $1.3 billion after tax at that level and I would guide you towards the higher end of the range. With that, Ill turn the call over to Ramani.
Ramani Ayer : Operator, Id like to open the call now for questions and answers. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeffery R. Schuman  Keefre, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Jeffery R. Schuman  Keefre, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: A couple of questions, first of all I was wondering, it look like the margin guidance for the annuity business is relatively high for 09. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about that. Then secondly, I was wondering given the relatively modest levels of annuity production at this point, what is being done to kind of keep the wholesalers feed and kind of keep the wholesalers and the distribution partners kind of in place and keep the franchise together?
Thomas M. Marra : Ill start. Obviously, weve taken a lot of expense action on the annuity side already and thats one aspect. Another fact is the DRD benefit is a relatively stable number so that on a lower asset base is going to obviously lever up the ROA. Johns done a number of things on the wholesaler front and Ill turn it over to him to cover that part of it. JJ As you know, in the fourth quarter we did resize our wholesale force on the variable annuity side. While were pleased with that, I think at current sales levels were going to have to continue to manage our expenses aggressively. We are making product changes as weve described both increase in the fees on our products which go in to effect in February and then other product changes that were considering for May.  As we roll those out and assess the competitive environment, if we need to make additional changes to the expense structure, were prepared to do that. Were going to view that in a fluid market as we go forward. 
Thomas M. Marra : But relative to retaining wholesalers, weve put in some temporary subsidies to keep them in a good comp perspective. JJ Yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess a plain old boring question on operations and on the property casualty side. Your accident year loss ratio for the fourth quarter, in fact, for the full year proved to be exceptionally good at a time when prices by everyones account are coming down. So clearly, it seems that through the quarter and throughout the year you took a different view of loss cause and I guess it is based partly on your look back and looking how reserves have developed. But, if you could flesh that out, what are you seeing in the numbers thats allow you to book a lower loss ratio accident year ex cats in 08 versus 07?
Neal S. Wolin : We do not look or make any assumption about prior development when we do our picks for 08 but we obviously look at our book of business, we look at how loss costs are developing in 08 and make judgments on that. I think what you see in our accident year combined is really what weve been talking about for a long time which is disciplined pricing, a product suite where we think we can match price and risk in a very sophisticated way and where we see profitability well dig harder and work on our retentions harder but where we dont well let it go. All that I think from our perspective contributes to what we feel like our current accident year combines in 08 that were very pleased with.
Ramani Ayer : Two things also that I would like to add Jay is one is the frequency in our business has been very, very favorable. That is something we are naturally reflecting in our loss costs. The second thing I believe that investors should not is that our carried reserves are actually 3.8% higher than the actual real estimates compared to say 2.7% last year. So, from the standpoint of the reserve position were in a very good place.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Then just a follow up, as the economy continues to deteriorate what is your expectation for claims expenses?
Neal S. Wolin : I think theres a lot of puts and takes in how you think about the effects of the challenging macro economy or real economy on loss cost experience. In the aggregate I think we sort of view loss costs as developing in 09 in a reasonably moderate fashion. So, for example, probably less frequency in certain ways on account of the real economy and some of the slow downs. So really, I think when you net it all out and there are lots of different pieces of it by line and by segment, moderate loss costs development through 09 is what were calling.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Randy Binner  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Randy Binner  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: More of question from the holding company perspective, the new RBC ratio thats been estimated of 385% does not include excess capital particularly $1.5 billion in excess cash that sits at the holding company. Although, I guess I read the 700 level S&P RBC ratios potentially including that cash. So, can you one share why that capital was held at the holding company and not put to the life subsidiary and if Im correct on the 700 level sensitivity piece?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : It was not included in the yearend 2008 number. We wanted to hold it at the holding company because it provides more capital flexibility. As we speak about the 700 levels in 2009, yes we are looking to avail ourselves of that capital. 
Randy Binner  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: If I may, could you expand please just more on the capital flexibility? Is it because youre relying on the Connecticut regulator to potentially give you relief so youre closer to 450? Or was there potentially another reason why you would hold the capital there because obviously optically it makes the life company RBC look low.
Ramani Ayer : Two things right, one is we believe a 385 life RBC is a very good RBC. The second thing is you know better off maintaining capital flexibility at the holding company level and you use it when needed and that is a wise discipline. Those are just the two reasons, there is nothing more than that. 
Randy Binner  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: So theres no read through to potential debt covenant issues or collateral call issues with rating agencies?
Ramani Ayer : No.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : No, not at all. Remember, at any point in time we can downstream that capital if needed.
Randy Binner  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: So you feel it is fundable, it is ready for downstream if necessary?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : That is correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group.
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: In the December presentation there was some discussion about the not taking the full value of the vega hedge although the volatility hedge should definitely help improve the RBC from where we had talked about it in the third quarter earnings release. At the time early December volatility was extremely elevated and came down during the month of December. Can you tell us how were utilizing that vega hedge today in terms of using the 385 RBC estimate? Then, Ive got a couple more.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : In terms of how we look at the 385 RBC, after the all we did settle out of some of our vega positions and this did actually help our statutory capital ending reserve valuation. In the reserve calculations for example, it does run a lot of scenarios and assumes that the hedge itself can degrade and so that has a negative impact or an increase in the reserve you have to hold. So, in fact, by selling out of some of our vega position we not only helped preserve the fact that as you said volatilities did come down but, it also helped in terms of the yearend statutory net reserve calculation.
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Are you taking the full benefit of that hedge today?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Well remember the hedge asset itself of course goes in to surplus so its marked-to-market at the end of the year. That hedge asset was about $4 billion at the end of the year, that goes in to statutory surplus, thats the combination of the hedge asset and the amount we sold so that fully goes in to surplus. The calculation for reserves though actually increases the reserve because it assumes in the future that the hedged asset can come down so thats where you get the negative impact. 
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: You talked about your tier-1 securities, whats the tier-2 balance look like across the board and for European financials?
Gregory McGreevey : Let me just give you total exposure overall by subordination levels. Weve got about lets call it $1 billion in lower and upper tier-2 and that would be in total. The unrealized loss position that we had at the end of the year on that $1 billion is roughly about $100 million in total. Then, you have about 12% of that total would be in European lower and upper tier subordinated debentures.
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: You said 12?
Gregory McGreevey : Correct.
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Then finally the last question, in the 8K you walk through a lot of stuff and youve already covered a lot of it but I want to go back to the $450 million component which talked about spread widening. At the beginning of November, CMBS pricing was probably 90ish, at the end of November it was down to70 so well call that around the analyst day and then at the end of the year it was higher. Also during the month of December AA and most corporate spreads improved by well over 100 points in line with the decline in the [VICs] which youve already referenced. What time frame was being used on December 5th to make the observation on spread? Because, it would appear that we were using spreads that were more like from the beginning of November than something that would have been a little more timely as of the beginning of December?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : So, on investor day we tried to have as updated assumptions as we could. There are certain securities that we get, particularly in the latter half of November and particularly those that are illiquid that we did not have in our assumptions. So, it was both a spread widening on those certain assets that back our fixed annuity products that occurred at the end of November and some of those asset widened a bit further in December that caused the variance versus our projections.
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Is that mainly commercial real estate investments that you reference here?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : That is correct.
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: But the CMBS market very publically fell apart in the middle of November so Im confused as to why wed be using something that looked like rather stale information?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : The one thing I would say is on this fixed annuity product where we have to mark the assets to market, in that particular product, so for assets backing that including whole loan commercial mortgages we had to estimate a market value. So, some of that is just trying to estimate a market value for the whole loans also.
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Then youre carrying those whole loans at what sort of discount?
Ramani Ayer : We dont have the specific numbers on that here Dan.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Typically those are not marked-to-market as you know for statutory 
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Which is why Im really interested in how youre valuing them on a fair value basis.
Ramani Ayer : Right. Why dont you take that offline with Greg.
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Do you have a rough estimate?
Ramani Ayer : Nope.
Ramani Ayer : I would just request that you keep your questions to two questions because there are several people in queue so I just want to be sure that we give everyone the opportunity to air their questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: I guess I have two questions if I could, one is I just wanted to understand and get the specifics behind the release that you guys have contacted the Department of Insurance in Connecticut for. I understand from Lizs comments, 75 RBC points, Im not sure if that was the DTA, the deferred tax asset only or if that also included the AG39 relief you were requesting?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : John, that number is a rough estimate of both of them but they are interrelated. So, the AG39 additional reserves actually causes the DTA benefit to go up. So, if we get both of them thats the right number but if you get one or the other its hard to give you that unless we know which one we get.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Then just related to that one before my second question, based on your understanding and your conversations with the rating agencies do you expect them to look at that as incremental capital or are they discounting that? I guess with one state maybe moving one way, another state maybe moving another way or not moving at all I guess Im sort of confused as whether the rating agencies in your view will view that as incremental or not?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : I would say a couple of things, first of all I cant speak for the rating agencies and you know that they are all different. They have their own capital models in addition to looking are RBC so while they may not count this they may also have a different capital model in the first place. We do think this particular added test of cash flow testing that required this reserve is redundant so that is how I would look at it.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: On the 325 RBC ratio for the S&P 700 scenario now, I guess a couple of things there, how much capital does that assume gets injected from the holding company to the life company?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Its important to note Im not giving an pinpoint estimate. So, its very variable and what were really saying is with available capital excluding or not including our contingent capital or bank lines, we have the ability to maintain a 325 for changes in equity markets.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Then lastly, when you think about that $1.5 billion of excess cash that you guys talk about at the holding company, is that really excess? What are your holding company cash needs during 2009? Is that over and above those cash needs to meet debt service, your lower common dividend number?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Yes, the holding companies cash needs are about $400 million with the reduction of the dividend and when we talk about excess, it means excess of those requirements. 
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: One more thing, on the 325, just a ballpark figure what does $100 million of capital equal RBC points?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : RBC ratio for 2008 denominator is about $1.3 billion. I dont have that number for 2009.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Berg  Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: Here are my two questions, first I fully empathize with you folks with respect to this whole issue of the difficulty of balancing the hedging of gap versus stat versus economics, I understand that it is all different. However, it is my opinion that gap is closer to economics that stat is and Im just wondering why would you be reducing pairing back your vega and row hedge, understanding thats going to improve this accounting thing and I realize its an important accounting thing but by doing so arent you exposing the company to real economic risk that in the end should matter above all?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : No, I would not say that. First of all we have sold out of some of our vega positions but weve also added protection for further equity market declines so I would look at it as refining the hedge, adding protection for example for other risks like the death benefit in Japan and selling out of some of our vega position. I mean, volatility is at all time highs and at the end of the day what we have to do here is ultimately pay claims if people are in the money and the claim comes due. So, when we look at balancing economics and gap and stat, we think the actions we have taken have been prudent, they have helped our statutory capital at the end of the year and well continue to make those balances and tradeoffs throughout 2009. 
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: Heres my second and final questions and its for Greg. Greg, you provided a break down in the past and today of your CMBS by ratings category. Yesterday Im sure you know Moodys said its going to take a fresh look at the whole world of CMBS and we will be downgrading junior AAA securities, at least that was the strong suggestion. Some work we did yesterday looking at a sample of your bonds from schedule D would suggest that you have quite a bit of exposure to the junior AAA. Is that conclusion that we reached from a sample correct or would you put it differently?
Gregory McGreevey : First of all just to back up, I think were well aware of at least what the rating agencies and kind of anticipated that the rating agencies would probably be looking at taking action in this case in the CMBS portfolio. So, I dont know exactly what your relative point is but I guess I would say that the things that were focused on and the things that were the most concerned about in the portfolio at least as it relates to downgrades would be in certainly those things that are lower down in the capital structure and from a ratings standpoint the [AJs] as you pointed out which we do have a decent amount of exposure to. So, with that theres a couple of things that weve done in looking at our portfolio. One, is to potentially look at some hedging opportunities specific to that area of the capital structure in [AJs] and weve also looked at if all these things did get downgraded under different stress scenarios what the impact of that capital would be. Now, Im not prepared to tell you exactly what that capital number is but I can tell you the impact of that we think is not material over the course of 2009 depending on what we expect the severity of those downgrades to be at present.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Darin Artia  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Darin Artia  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just two questions here, the first one it seems like its difficult for many insurance companies to calculate their statutory capital and reserves in real time. With that back drop Im just wondering how effectively can insurance companies hedge statutory capital for the Vas?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Youre right, it is a challenging exercise. Id say a few things, number one 2008 was particularly challenging because these cash flow tests that typically are used just to determine sufficiency of the reserves actually were utilized to determine excess reserves that you have to hold. So, we had to try to model both reserves plus the impact of these additional cash flow tests. In 2009 were going to be moving to a new methodology which is called VACARVM that should make it somewhat easier to determine. But, I think the point really is how do we manage our capital, are we making wise decisions, do we understand how our capital moves? The answer to that is yes, we do. So, we do feel we are making the right decision for those tradeoffs.
Darin Artia  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: The second question, in terms of the variable annuities, if we think about the lower base of assets and so well have lower fees in 2009 but were also having lower sales. Im just wondering in terms of the actual cash flow or statutory earnings, how does that change? Whats the delta there for 09 versus 08?
Ramani Ayer : Darin, on that were not forecasting or giving you specifics on it but as Liz was giving you an impression of how we think about 09 capital it clearly has expectations around the cash flows in our various businesses. So, to the best of our ability, the modeling from this point to the end of the year is very, very challenging so path dependent but we certainly have made an attempt to give investors an impression of how we think about it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Josh Shanker  Citigroup.
Josh Shanker  Citigroup: One question would be, what is your competitiveness in the life insurance business as a A rated company? Two, how would that affect your desire to see out strategic alternatives with the A?
Thomas M. Marra : Ill have John comment on specific businesses but as weve watched the last few weeks theres a number of really household name life companies that are now A as well. Not to say that its going to be easy but I think we will hold up reasonably well. Again, I think theres some good companies that are also in the same category now. John, do you want to talk about specific businesses that might be more affected than others? JJ As you look at our portfolio of businesses, I think different ones have different rating sensitivities. Our sense is that in general we have a very good reputation with our distributors and reputation as a company they can count on over time and that everyone is aware that the ratings levels are changing kind of across the industry in this economic environment. So, to some extent were in with a pack of firms that are getting challenged from a rating standpoint. That said, it will present a headwind that well have to work our way through. I would say that some of our institutional businesses may be most affected by it and then in other businesses, like our mutual fund businesses ratings are not an issue at all and in other businesses Id say were more in the middle of the pack relative to ratings. I think its a very rating specific issue but I do think it will present some top line headwind as we go through the year and were prepared to work through that and get out and be very active in explaining to the people why they should be completely comfortable putting new business with the Hartford.
Ramani Ayer : One thing that Id just remind you, we had some real headwinds in the fourth quarter and our people worked very hard and I think were going to have to work hard. Thats how we think about this. So, thats our answer to that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: My two questions are first, I guess for Liz, how much protection did Hartford purchase to reduce VA tail risk or is that more of a prospective comment? Is that going to materially reduce your RBC sensitivity that you gave out at investor day? For instance, at investor day you showed a move from S&P 900 to 700, moved your RBC by 255. Is that sensitivity or delta going to be meaningfully lower? Then, my follow up is Ramani can you comment on how youre thinking about the VA business longer term? Is this a business that youre committed to or would you consider divesting it given the issues right now?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Tom, to your first question, yes it did reduce some of the convexity. I mean obviously were starting the year at 900 with less capital than we had projected but some of the protection that we put on did reduce the convexity. In addition to that, because youre starting off with higher reserves in 2009 as you go down in to the lower S&P levels its not as convex because youre starting off with a higher reserve level. So, all in we think that is probably worth, Im giving you a wide range here, in the $1 billion range of reduced convexity between 900 and 700.
Ramani Ayer : The question on our annuity business we believe first of all globally that the need for income and retirement is really a customer need that is not going away. One of the things that Tom, and Ill let Tom comment on this is working with John and the team to figure out how to constrain the annuity risk in a way where we are balancing enterprise risk with policyholder benefits as well as value to our distributors. Tom, do you want to comment on how were thinking about it?
Thomas M. Marra : I wont get in to the specifics but well have a new product coming out in May which will be significantly derisked but we also are coupling it with some other products that were excited about. The whole notion of payout or life time income. I think as you say our fixed annuity business has really done extremely well, the fourth quarter it was up handily and although somewhat interest rate dependent so we might not be quite as robust in the first part of this year. We have a number of moves to make but with a derisked variable annuity kind of anchors the whole retirement income for individual space and compliments our other products. JJ I would just add a couple of things. I think youre seeing the industry go in kind of a couple of different directions. Youre seeing some people keep very robust features and benefits and just push price up more aggressively and youre seeing other folks which is more the camp that were going to be in trying to constrain the features and benefits to a level that we think is the right balance for us and try to keep cost more in line.  So, I think its too be determined which way investors and which way advisors feel more comfortable with but, were going to go down a path of trying to keep cost in line and keeping the product more simple rather than trying to compete on a feature-by-feature basis with some of the other products that are out there that will because of this environment have to go much higher in term of their expense structures. We just think that theres a total expense structure beyond which these products are not as attractive for individuals.
Ramani Ayer : That last point I would make Tom is balancing customer value, enterprise risk and market place behaviors, etc. is top of mind for our management team and were just constantly working this issue. This will evolve throughout the year so we have to observe and take actions accordingly.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Then just one request actually for Liz, if the convexity is dropping that much and thats a material change in the convexity, may be by the time your K comes out, if you can give us an update on the 900 to 700 RBC impact, that would be very helpful.
Ramani Ayer : The key there is that is something Id be very reluctant to do principally because it is so path dependent Tom. We have debated this a lot about what to do and how you get from here to the end of the year, what happens with many, many variables embedded in this makes it very challenging for us to give you a lot of explicit guidance and that is the reason we wanted to give you some rough impressions of how we think about this rather than get in to a lot of specifics at different levels.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Kligerman  UBS.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: My first question, the S&P 500 closed around 1164 at the end of the third quarter so where would the S&P need to be in order to avoid another prospective DAC unlocking in the third quarter of 09. And, if there were an unlocking what kind of a magnitude would we be looking at?
Ramani Ayer : Liz did cover it in her comments but I think it bears repeating so why dont I have Liz cover that one more time. 
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : In order to not have a DAC unlock youd technically have to take 1165 and grow it in that 9% range. We gave you the estimate assuming youre starting at 9 to 965 and certainly you have the sensitivities in the Q. As we sit here today we would expect a DAC unlock.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Then with respect to the NAIC, I understand that theyre going to be phasing AG39 cash flow testing out and implementing the new VACARVM rules in 2009. How much could this statutory accounting help Hartfords results in 09 when that gets implemented?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Andrew, theres a lot of moving pieces. That is correct AG39 standalone cash flow testing which is what we think was redundant is going away, the whole system so to speak is getting replaced by VACARVM. Its hard to try to assume how that would change but what I would say is that theres a AG34 test that we also had to do at the end of the year and that looks at the total, it kind of requires you to hold reserves for all of your living benefits and death benefits and really looks at your entire contract. That is more consistent with the new VACARVM rules. So, I would just say AG39 is redundant and will go away in 09.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Pamela Cravic  NW2 Investment Management].
[Pamela Cravic  NW2 Investment Management]: I have a question and then [John Bose] has a follow up. I just want to touch back on the RBC ratio and make sure that I conceptually understand it. At your December investor day you started at 585 and your stress scenario was down to 330 ex impairment. Now, youre at 465 and thats with the full deployment of the Allianz proceeds.  So, I guess in your stress scenario theres a difference there of 120 points and Im understanding that you feel comfortable with your downside stress scenario because of the further protection that youve purchased and then also theres the potential capital relief coming. But, I guess on the negative side you could have more credit impairments, there are more asset classes being reviewed by the rating agencies so we could be looking at more downgrades. You talked about that but I just want to make sure I conceptually understand that you feel comfortable that your stress scenario is only 5% lower, down to 325 now at 700 just with the further protection that you purchased. Is that correct?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Ill be frank and say that I didnt quite follow all of that. Let me just say a few things. In investor day when youre seeing a 535 were saying the best way to look at that is to start with 465 because we did not downstream $1 billion in to the life company. So, the apples-to-apples comparison is 385 to 465 which is an 80 point difference, thats where you should start.
[Pamela Cravic  NW2 Investment Management]: Okay but its just getting from 465, Im assuming that what you laid out, youre going to downstream the proceeds with your stress scenario so I guess when youre getting down to your stress scenario your assumptions actually fall to the same level because I think in both cases you were assuming that those proceeds would be down streamed completely?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Thats correct. Heres how I would think about it, we start out less at the beginning of the year as you mentioned and then all were saying is rather than just kind of taking that and assuming that stays constant throughout the 700 levels, again for equity market declines only, were saying weve kind of reduced some of that convexity both because the starting level reserves are higher and secondly, because we have purchased additional protection for equity market declines. To your point, I think youre also saying well what about credit market impacts which were not including in our estimate. We were trying to isolate equity market levels only. We do see that this market is very turbulent so we would expect to have impacts to our statutory capital because of credit and there I would say first of all we have the contingent capital and bank lines but as importantly were looking for the permitted practice. We will continue to look at our hedging program. We are looking at captive or offshore solutions which we think could provide some additional relief and at a minimal will help us line up our hedging program better. So, we will continue and are continuing to do things to protect statutory capital.
[John Bose  NW2 Investment Management]: We spent the entire call on half of your business, could you Ramani articulate whats the synergy between the life and the P&C and your perspective on why or if these companies have to be together?
Ramani Ayer : I think the way to think about this is when it comes to the Hartford brand and the end customer, I believe that the ability to provide protection products as well as investment products under this brand has been very well recognized by our customers and distributors as having extreme value. So, that is the principal reason beside the diversification benefits that we have seen overtime in both sides of the house having a combined platform does help us diversify risk. So, those were the two things. The Hartford culture and the Hartford management discipline are similar across the board and that is something that is brought to bear in everything we do. Tom, did you want to add something?
Thomas M. Marra : I did. One thing we rolled out John in 08 that has been going very well is a cross sell program where were getting property casualty agents to sell 401K and group benefits products and even high end individual life. Thats been an exciting development and we plan to extend it in to 09 and beyond.
[John Bose  NW2 Investment Management]: Just a quick comment, in terms of your mission to protect and enhance shareholder value, youve got one business thats not impaired and based on alternatives it would seem you have an opportunity to utilize that value or capital to have the most bulletproof life company and even use that strength to take advantage of the disarray and opportunities in the market as opposed to holding an asset and then hoping the markets, or working towards a long term solution in these turbulent times. I mean its pretty unprecedented times and so I think kind of options and really need to be viewed.
Ramani Ayer : Thank you for the suggestion and comment.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Tisha Jackson  Columbia Management. 
Tisha Jackson  Columbia Management: I guess two quick questions, what is the duration of the protection that you bought in the fourth quarter, i.e is this a short term fix or a permanent fix on the convexity issue? Then, back to being downgraded to a A, does this affect or at what point might it affect your property and casualty businesses? For example, are there any rating triggers in your AARP relationship or does it limit your ability to compete in the specialty commercial business, the professional liability, etc.?
Ramani Ayer : Ill take the second one first and then Ill turn the question on the protection to Liz. Basically on the property casualty issue as far as ratings, one is clearly from a property casualty competitive landscape standpoint there are a lot of good property casualty companies that are rated A or even below. So, I believe that A is an excellent rating. We will compete vigorously. At the same time there will be areas that were going to have to work hard and in which we will. The larger end of the business, the financial products end of the business, were going to have to work and sell the Hartfords benefits and sell the Hartfords strengths. As you think about it, this is one weve grown to understand how to do and we will keep fighting out there in the market place. Im pretty confident that we will do that. On the AARP business, there are no rating triggers and therefore this will not be a material issue from an AARP standpoint. At the same time, Id rather have a AA and that is how Ive attempted throughout my life to position the company. Overtime well have to work hard through both earnings generation and risk management to try and work our way back. That is something that will take time but we will work very hard to do that. Let me have Liz answer the first half of your question.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Tisha, in terms of the protection that we purchased particularly in December it was shorter dated including some futures. But, I will remind you that 27% of our book is covered by reinsurance of our GMWB book and about 27% is covered by very long dated customized derivatives. So, we have a lot of long dated protection and of course we are going to continue to manage the book looking over the length of the guarantees.
Ramani Ayer : I want to bring this call to a close. I think you all for joining us today. I also want to thank Neal Wolin who will be departing from the Hartford. Hes given us many good years and he has really done a very good job of managing our property casualty company focused intensely on strategy and driving for performance which shows in our results. I believe the country gains in his capacity as Deputy Whitehouse Counsel working on economic policy given the times that we are all going through. I wish Neal and the administration great good fortune because this will certainly affect us and our business.  I want to thank Neal for his service and I want to thank all of you for joining us on the call and we will be talking to you.
Operator:  This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Johnson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Ramani Ayer - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thomas M. Marra - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director Gregory McGreevey - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer; President of Hartford Investment Management Co. Lizabeth H. Zlatkus - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Neal S. Wolin - Executive Vice President; President and Chief Operating Officer of Property & Casualty Operations John C. Walters - EVP, President - U.S. Wealth Management Division; Co-COO of Hartfords Life Operations Alan J. Kreczko - Executive Vice President, General Counsel  
Analysts: Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group Andrew Kligerman - UBS Warburg LLC Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach [Tesha Jackson - Columbia Management] Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America [Terrie Shoe]  Pioneer Investments Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt Kelton Crochran Caronia Waller (USA), LLC Jeffery R. Schuman  Keefre, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group [Josh Smith  GRAACRF] Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch
Operator: My name is Jeremy and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Hartford third quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Kim Johnson, head of Investor Relations.
Kim Johnson: Thank you for joining us for todays third quarter 2008 financial results conference call. As you know our earnings press release was issued earlier today. To help you follow our discussion, a financial supplement and slide presentation are available on our website at www.thehartford.com. Ramani Ayer, Chairman and CEO, Tom Marra, President and Chief Operating Officer, Greg McGreevey, our new Chief Investment Officer, and Liz Zlatkus, CFO, will provide prepared remarks. Well conclude with our usual question and answer session. Also participating on todays call are Neal Wolin, President and COO of our property and casualty company, John Walters, President and COO of our life company, and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to the presentation on page 2, please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about the Hartfords future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investor should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ including those discussed in our press release issued today, our quarterly report on Form 10Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008, our 2007 annual report on Form 10K, and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation which speaks as of todays date. The discussion in this presentation of the Hartfords financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures is provided in the investor financial supplement for the third quarter of 2008 and the press release we issued today and on the Investor Relations section of the Hartfords website at www.thehartford.com. Now Id ask you to move to slide 3 as I turn it over to the Hartfords Chairman and CEO, Ramani Ayer.
Ramani Ayer: Lets begin on slide 3. The third quarter was the most challenging in the Hartfords history. The markets we are experiencing are truly unmatched with dramatic spread widening in the credit markets and a substantial retrenchment in the equity markets. These elements factored heavily on our third quarter investment portfolio performance and earnings results. Realized losses of $2.2 billion mostly from impairments and a $932 million DAC charge drove our net loss of $2.6 billion or $8.74 per diluted share. Core earnings in the third quarter were -$422 million or $1.40 per diluted share. In addition to the DAC unlock core earnings were hurt by catastrophes and negative returns on our alternative investments. Were clearly very disappointed by our third quarter performance and we intend to focus this call on several key investor issues. On the issue of investments we announced our new Chief Investment Officer, Greg McGreevey, earlier this month. Greg joins the Hartford from ING where he oversaw much of their investment operations for the Americas. Were very pleased to have him on board and he will be a key figure on our investor calls. Greg will talk about our third quarter performance but I do want to make a few comments. It is clear that overweight positions in financial services and structured securities hurt us in the third quarter. Over 70% of our third quarter impairments came from financials and we took real economic losses in some high profile names like Fannie Mae and Lehman. At the same time it is critical to note that $1.5 billion of our $3.1 billion of pre-tax impairments were primarily caused by price declines in financial services holdings, not defaults. We still expect to receive all payments of interest and principal from these highly rated quality issuers. In our CMBS and subprime portfolios we have stress tested our holdings and impaired those securities where the cash flows werent projected to hold up in a severe recession scenario. On the issue of capital we closed the $2.5 billion Allianz investment earlier this month. The investment strengthened us at a time when capital is critical. Our resources continue to be tested by the global markets but even at todays market levels the Hartford remains well capitalized. Liz will provide additional color on this issue a bit later. On the issue of liquidity investors have recently shown more interest in the liquidity profile of the insurance industry. Insurers with long-dated liabilities are more insulated from liquidity pressures as compared to other financial institutions like commercial banks. With over $10 billion in cash, short-term investments and other highly liquid holdings I feel good about the Hartfords liquidity position. In terms of the Hartfords core business operations our property and casualty business is doing very well. Markets remain competitive but there are signs that commercial pricing declines are moderating. While its too early to call a bottom, were optimistic that we will see more attractive markets in 2009. In our life operations our mutual funds, retirement plans and group benefits lines all showed healthy sales growth. Our investments in these lines have continued to pay off even in the face of difficult market conditions.  In our variable annuity business sales and earnings suffered from the global decline in equity markets. This extended period of market volatility will lead to changes in product and pricing in VA guarantees of the Hartford. There will continue to be strong consumer demand for living benefits and we certainly dont expect markets to remain as volatile as they are today. But we definitely believe a retooling of product features and pricing is warranted and we have begun that process. With that lets go into more detail on these important issues. Tom will begin with an overview of our business results.
Thomas M. Marra: Please turn to slide 4. Our property and casualty results for the quarter were strong especially when you take into account the heavy storm activity. We reported core earnings of $156 million.  Catastrophes had a significant impact on the quarter. The total impact from current year cats was $356 million pre-tax. This covers all cat-related costs including $325 million or 12.7 points in claims losses as well as reinstatement premiums and estimated state mandated assessments. On an ex-cat accident year basis our ongoing operations combined ratio was 91.8, a little more than a point higher than last year. This is an excellent result at this point in the underwriting cycle and reflects the discipline we are exercising. In personal lines our ex-cat accident year combined ratio was 88.3, down slightly from the prior year. We are benefiting from mid-single-digit negative auto claims frequency and severity is virtually flat. In small commercial underwriting profitability was excellent with an ex-cat accident year combined ratio of 87.7 for the quarter. Low single-digit declines in expected claim frequency across most lines continued to contribute to our strong results. Total net written premiums were $2.6 billion in the quarter, 1% below the 2007 level. Markets remain competitive and with the exception of personal lines pricing continues to fall. We are balancing underwriting profitability with growth. In summary, our property and casualty operations had another very good quarter. Neal and his team have done a great job staying focused on day-to-day execution. Now please turn to slide 5 for our life results. As you would expect our life businesses were heavily impacted by equity markets in the third quarter. The DAC unlock and negative returns on alternative investments reduce core earnings. With AUM down fee based revenues also declined. Our US and Japan VA results were hurt by the slide in equities. Product competition in these markets remains intense and global markets are still struggling. We expect US and Japan VA sales and flows to be challenged until we see some stability return to these markets and we have reduced our fourth quarter guidance accordingly. Also as Ramani has said, we have begun a process to revise our product pricing strategies in the VA area in light of the market turbulence we are experiencing. Our retail mutual funds, retirement plans and group benefits business showed a lot of sales resilience in these markets. Mutual fund deposits were solid at $3.6 billion and net sales remain positive even as redemptions increased in September. Sales in October have continued to be good but like many others in the industry we are seeing higher redemptions. Based on what we are seeing so far, we are guiding to a range of $2.5 billion to $3.3 billion for mutual fund sales and $1.3 billion to $1.8 billion in net outflows for the fourth quarter. We believe we have a strong mutual fund franchise and are well positioned for growth in this business when markets stabilize. Our retirement plans group had another quarter of great execution. Deposits were $2.3 billion, up 67% over the prior year, 13% on an organic basis. Group benefits had outstanding results this quarter producing $100 million in core earnings for the first time. The record earnings were driven by favorable morbidity and good expense control combined with steady premium growth. Finally, with revenues down across the company particularly in the life businesses we are taking a hard look at our expense base. We are taking actions in the fourth quarter and we are working on additional plans that will be implemented throughout 2009. At this point we expect to reduce our 2008 run rate by an estimated $250 million by the end of 2009. This will not come all at once but will be worked in over the course of the year and be fully in place by the time we enter 2010. With that Id like to turn the call over to Greg McGreevey to cover investments.
Gregory McGreevey: In the time I have today Ill cover the asset categories that had the largest impact on our third quarter results, our investment and financial services and structured securities. Ill also share some of my near-term and longer-term priorities.  Please turn to slide 6. As the slide indicates the crisis in financial services had a significant impact on the Hartfords third quarter results. Dramatic spread widening combined with declines in financial services preferred stock drove $2.3 billion of pre-tax impairments in the quarter. You can see a breakdown of the impacts of fixed income and equities on slide 6. Fully $785 million of the $2.2 billion in impairments were true credit defaults including institutions you already know like Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Lehman. The remaining $1.5 billion were impairments primarily because we were not able to assert that they would substantially recover their value within two years. The two-year time horizon may be an area where we differ from others. A specific price recovery period is not prescribed in the accounting rules. In other words, $1.5 billion of the impairments we took this quarter were on high quality institutions where we had limited credit concerns. We feel this is a conservative view on the prospects for near-term recovery within financial services. At the end of September we had $10 billion or about 11% of our portfolio in financial services. Virtually all of the third quarter mark-to-market changes in equities were recognized as realized losses this quarter. The net unrealized loss of about $800 million in financial services represents temporary price declines on high quality institutions. We have included a listing of our top 25 financial holdings in the Appendix of todays presentation. On slide 7 we can take a closer look at our structured securities. The CMBS and RMBS markets have remained incredibly challenging. We were seeing the effects of both fundamental economic trends and a very high premium for illiquidity factored into pricing for these securities.  Each quarter we stress test the cash flows on our subprime and CMBS securities to determine if and when we expect them to recover. This quarter we worsened our loss assumptions for the severe recession scenarios for both subprime and CMBS. Average home prices for example are down 20% since their peak in the summer of 2006. Our stress test assumed home prices nationally will decline an additional 20% for an overall decline of 40% from peak to trough. For CMBS we are now using assumptions for defaults and severities that are approaching the worst commercial real estate environment recorded in the US since 1980. As a result of our stress testing we impaired roughly $500 million pre-tax primarily in CRE CDOs and lower-rated recent vintage RMBS. As you can see on the chart we have about $3.5 billion of net unrealized losses in CMBS and RMBS. We expect no loss of principal or interest on these assets using our severe recession scenario test and we have the ability and intent to hold these securities until they recover. Looking ahead the pace of economic recovery is uncertain. Credit markets as we all know are still quite volatile and spreads have widened further in October. We are optimistic that the aggressive steps being taken by the Treasury and Fed will eventually help to strengthen financial institutions and in turn stabilize real estate valuations. We have taken significant impairments over the past four quarters in subprime and CMBS. In the Appendix you will find three slides that show our current investments at PAR, book and market value based on original rating. I think youll find this additional data provides greater clarity on our pricing for these securities. Id like to close with a few comments on the Hartfords investment portfolio and next steps. From an asset mix perspective the Hartford has a broadly diversified fixed income portfolio. That said and as Ramani indicated, we have overweight securities that are exposed to the real estate market: CMBS, home equity and financials. I am planning to take a series of actions aimed at repositioning the portfolio in light of current economic outlooks. First. I intend to enhance the overall credit quality of the general account. Today were investing in treasuries and high quality securities and maintaining higher than average liquidity. This is not a long-term strategy. We are looking for markets to stabilize and when they do we will put risk back on the table. Our investment decisions will seek to balance risk, returns, capital and earnings. I also intend to continue to decrease our exposure to credit derivatives, shrink the securities lending program and reduce exposure to certain capital intensive and volatile asset classes like hedge funds. I dont want to suggest that we can make wholesale changes in the portfolio near term. Its not economically prudent or feasible to sell severely depressed assets at the height of market fear. Over time however we will make prudent portfolio decisions that effectively optimize investment performance, capital and earning stability. With that Ill turn it over to Liz.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: I would like to walk you through our updated 2008 guidance so please turn to slide 8. As you saw in our press release we have lowered our core earnings guidance range to $4.30 to $4.50 per share. The range assumes an average of 315 million shares outstanding which gives effect to the Allianz investment. The new range reflects actual performance for the first nine months of the year including the third quarter DAC unlock. You will recall that we provided an estimate of the market impact relating to the DAC unlock of $330 million to $640 million on the second quarter call. That was based on separate account performance through June 30. As you know, markets subsequently fell sharply in the third quarter with the S&P 500 down 9%. We incorporated all of that market impact into the unlock. Our guidance also includes a fourth quarter charge resulting from about $3 billion of VA assets in Japan that triggered an account value floor. This charge relates to the 3WIN products. This is a variable annuity with an accumulation benefit rider sold in Japan. The rider includes the floor benefit which is triggered if the account falls 20% below the amount of the original investment. Then the policyholder has two options. One, to withdraw 80% of their original investment with no surrender charge. Two, to recover the entire original investment through a 15-year payout annuity. The severe global sell-off in equities and bonds in October caused virtually all of these policies to hit the 20% threshold. This will impact the fourth quarter by $185 million to $225 million. Most of this charge reflects a DAC write-off. Our guidance also reflects the loss of about $90 million from limited partnerships and other alternative investments in the fourth quarter. Returns on these investments continued to be poor. Finally, you will note in our press release that we provided guidance on fourth quarter ROAs and like asset management businesses. This is a slight change from the past but with three quarters and a significant DAC unlock behind us we thought guiding on the fourth quarter alone would be more useful. I also want to comment on capital and liquidity. The Allianz investment announced in early October supplemented our capital resources with an additional $2.5 billion. Of course much has changed since the beginning of October. We have seen dramatic declines in the markets across the globe. The S&P has dropped nearly 20% this month and volatility levels have hit all-time highs. Given the current markets projecting a year-end capital margin is extraordinarily difficult. Credit spreads, currency rates and interest rates are fluctuating day-to-day and the sensitivity of these various assumptions in our capital models is much more acute in the tail. In this environment we are not comfortable providing a forecast of our year-end capital margin. However what we can say is that as we sit here today, the Hartford is capitalized at levels that are consistent with the standards that rating agencies have historically used for AA- level companies. The difficult market conditions have resulted in heightened concern among the rating agencies. While capital is a key factor for the rating agencies, they consider a number of other factors in their ratings determinations. We have implemented a number of actions to enhance our capital position and are working on other alternatives that could reduce the amount of capital that we are required to hold. As Greg indicated, we are reducing our exposures to certain higher risk asset classes. We are also looking at ways to maximize the capital efficiency of our reinsurance programs including the potential for captive reinsurance. Finally, the Canadian regulators recently made changes to their capital requirements given the extreme and rapid market declines we are experiencing. We also understand the ACLI is exploring the possibility that the regulatory capital requirements in the US could be similarly modified. We would support these efforts. Of course changing the rules will take time and there are no guarantees it will get done. Over the past few quarters we have increased our holdings of cash, short-term investments and treasuries. We built those resources to $7.8 billion at September 30 not including assets we hold as collateral in connection with derivative transactions. With the $2.5 billion cash infusion in October thats over $10 billion of liquidity. When you evaluate this against our potential cash requirements, I feel good about our liquidity position. You will also note that we have supplemented our 10Q this quarter with additional disclosures regarding sources of short-term liquidity as well as potential uses. Finally, Id like to give you an update on the Hartfords GMWB hedging program. Our program continues to perform within our expectations. Of course the capital markets in the third quarter represented a real challenge for any dynamic hedging program as equity fell and volatility soared. These factors contributed to a GMWB loss of $133 million pre-tax in the third quarter. Most of the third quarter loss was incurred in September when markets really fell. In October market conditions have continued to deteriorate and we clearly have seen higher losses to this point than we did in September. Some of that would be expected to unwind should market volatility subside so at this point we cant forecast a full quarter impact. Three issues are driving most of the losses in the quarter and month-to-date. First, we have been under-hedged for [VEGA] or volatility for some time. We felt [ball] prices were unreasonable and decided not to chase it upwards. The second driver is basis risk where the performance of our VA mutual funds differs from the indices. This has been a negative for us. Finally, transaction cost increase when markets become more volatile. It is important to note that our hedging program is just one aspect of our overall equity risk management. We dynamically hedge only about 44% of our US GMWB account values. Market risks relating to the remaining 56% of the block have been transferred to third parties through reinsurance and customated long-dated derivatives. We are pleased with this prudent approach which has allowed us to lock in equity risk protection when costs were much lower. With that Ill turn the call over to Ramani.
Ramani Ayer: Well begin the Q&A session in a moment. Given the volatility of the market environment, it is really impossible for me to predict when some normalization will occur. In the meantime there are several areas as youve heard that were focusing on. First, were going to stay focused on executing in a disciplined way in our insurance businesses. Second, were going to review our VA business and rethink our product and pricing strategies in light of what we have seen over the last few months. Finally, we have begun the process of repositioning our investment portfolio under Gregs leadership with an emphasis on higher credit quality and greater capital and earnings predictability. With that operator you may now open the call to questions. Id ask each caller to limit himself or herself to two questions to allow us to get to as many callers as possible.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Liz, with capital should I be reading from your comments that its unlikely that you will be needing additional capital based on where you stand today? And also if you could perhaps comment on whether youd be interested in participating in the Treasury TARP if that opportunity were provided to you?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: As we stand here today with market levels, we feel very well capitalized. But in terms of would we access the CPP program if its available, we certainly think theyre favorable terms as we see it and we would look to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Josh Shanker - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Ill give you an easy question and a hard question. The easy question is, the market indicators in the US are down about 20% since the beginning of the last quarter. Im wondering in terms of the DAC charge we saw for the third quarter, would you be waiting till the third quarter of next year before the market results beginning October 1, 2008 would be incorporated into your analysis? The second question, thinking about all the money that youve spent on your hedging for the past few years that weve talked about at great, great length, do you feel that youve gotten anything in terms of protection on your income and protection on your capital from putting that money to work?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Let me first take the DAC question. We would plan to do a study as we always do in the third quarter so we would plan to do that next third quarter. As you know, if markets would deteriorate, wed have to look at an unlocked off quarter. At this point were about halfway to that point and the markets are down significantly so were not looking to that but you guys can certainly look at the Q and run the numbers in terms of looking at market levels and thinking about the impact. In terms of the hedging program, I think its worked as we expected it to work. These are the most extreme conditions I think weve ever seen and the level that the asset has risen has been quite dramatic just in the month of October alone the asset on the non-reinsured part of it has risen over $2.2 billion so that goes directly to benefit our statutory surplus position. On a mark-to-market basis when youre marking the liabilities to market and the asset under GAAP, youre seeing some of the slippage but from a statutory perspective the whole asset value of the hedge goes directly to benefit DAC.
Ramani Ayer: Let me add one point to Lizs point. I think she expressed this on DAC. Theres some information in the Q but basically markets would have to deteriorate substantially from here for us to have an off cycle unlock. So were not anywhere near that yet. Theres still a lot of room from that standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: I remember in a slide presentation some time ago you walked us through stat reserving requirements for the life company under I want to say it was 10% and 30% decline markets or 15% and 30% decline markets. Maybe that was a year ago or so. If we did that again today and used the assumption again of 15% from here or 30% from here, what sort of statutory capital requirements would be created?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: One thing I would tell you is those slides were back at market levels that were much higher than they are today. One of the difficulties in being able to give ranges when youre in the tail already is that as you get farther into the tail a lot of other factors start to really have a bigger impact, like currency levels, interest rates, global market indices. So to be able to say what happens if the S&P drops 100 basis points or 15%, whats the impact on your capital margin, a couple things.  Number one, that capital market was trying to be a number above the rating agency requirements and in these kinds of market levels those numbers are swinging. What I would say is as we look here today we feel very adequately capitalized at a level for a AA- company. We have had impacts to our statutory capital for sure because of the VA requirements where its expected to not only take the market level youre at but it expects you to then shock it down another 30% to 40%. So you can see why this is a very extreme measure. As a reminder, that capital call is not cash so as markets recover that money would come back in terms of reserve releases or capital releases. But to be able to give a number from this point when youre really in the tail is just not practical.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman - UBS Warburg LLC.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Warburg LLC: Before I ask my question, I just want to stay with Dans question. Maybe you could just help us extrapolate a little bit. The market was down 9% in the third quarter and we had extreme volatility. What was the impact on your capital position as a result of that, just your VA business? How much was it hit in the quarter? 
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Obviously we had an impact on statutory offset by our hedged assets but the numbers are only year-end numbers so were always forecasting; we dont C3 phase 2 calculations at the end of the quarter. Its always a projection of year end so that test is a year-end test. So we have to forecast again what swap spreads, interest rates, volatility levels, etc. would be at the end of the year. What I would say is with markets deteriorated as much as they have since the end of the quarter, it definitely has impacted our capital. We feel well capitalized today. We feel we can take further market declines but being able to give a specific number is not possible. Again its a year-end projection number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch: I want to stay on this too because Liz I guess I dont understand how you can say you feel comfortable with your capital position and yet you say you cant give us any idea what the number is. I think at this point its impossible to say those two things in my view. So I really want to keep on this and hopefully we can get some more hard numbers on this because I find it very hard to believe that the Hartford doesnt have an idea about what the statutory capital impact is from an equity market decline. If you dont, its very hard for us to be comfortable about what the risk profile is of the VA business. I understand all the factors and Id appreciate it if you could just give us a little bit more than just what are all the different inputs that affect the number and try to get us to some number.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Thats a fair question. Obviously these are complicated formulas. So heres what Ill say. When I talk about how we feel good today, its because Im trying to stop the clock today. If I wanted to look at a 30% decline from 9/30 market levels which was 1,165 on the S&P, we think that our NAIC risk based capital number would be in the 300 range. Why am I saying that thats a number that we can kind of look at versus rating agency margins? Its because the rating agency formulas, there are four of them, and as I said in the extreme tail all of the formulas are very different and all of these different currencies, etc. impact that. Those things also impact RBC but I feel we can say something like that. 300% RBC with a 30% decline.
Thomas M. Marra: Just to clarify, its a year-end calculation so assume the S&P ends 30% down from quarter end and thats the result you would get, the 300% RBC.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: The reason when we talk about capital in the quarter, the impact on actual statutory capital for the quarter via hedging was not that significant. What I think youre really asking is: What is the capital impact related to the hedging on for example rating agencies or the amount of capital you would want to hold? Thats where it gets a little bit more difficult. But again a 30% drop from 9/30 we think would be in the 300% RBC range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: A couple questions on hedging. How much collateral do you have with Lehman currently regarding in the money positions?
Ramani Ayer: I believe we have written off all our Lehman stuff so we dont have any residual and the last bit of collateral that we had with Lehman we had transferred that to another counterparty. So we do not have any existing Lehman collateral is my best understanding. Is that correct, Greg?
Gregory McGreevey: That is correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Liz, just to beat a dead horse and go back to the variable annuity related pressure on capital and overall just the capital margin as you said. When you pre-announced results and announced the capital raise, at that point you had a $3.5 billion capital margin. If we stopped the clock today based on where equity market levels are, I can appreciate that you dont want to give an update to that because things are fluid but how much of that margin gets eaten away by the variable annuity statutory capital requirements, whether its [C3Phase2] or [carvum]? Thats question number one. And then a question for Greg. In terms of your impairment methodology, I just want to understand if you will continue to stick with the two-year recoverability test even as illiquid and as depressed as the fixed income markets are or whether youre potentially going to ease that rule? I would assume if you stick with that then more of the CMBS portfolio potentially gets impaired but maybe you could just comment on that.
Ramani Ayer: Greg, you want to take the first one?
Gregory McGreevey: Yes. Thats a very good question. I think thats something that were looking at very closely with the SEC literature and guidance thats coming out. Theres no question that weve seen unprecedented spread widening and obviously we were seeing default levels that go well beyond historical levels or any recession that weve seen in the last 30 or 40 years. At the end of September however the decision we made was based on at the time the accounting literature that was out there and our view of the two-year recovery. As I said in my opening comments, we probably deviate a little bit from others who may be looking at the same issue but we took that view albeit somewhat conservative in light of some of the stuff thats come out since then. So I think thats something well look at this quarter in light of a multitude of factors.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: In terms of we wanted to look at a 900 market level and I would say all in VA related changes. If you stopped right there, it wouldnt be that material. Its as you start to go down into the lower market levels. I would say the problem Im having is the rating agency models are changing so if I try to look at more of a risk based capital number, youd be in the $2 billion+ range over that. Whats difficult is trying to assess what the rating agencies are really looking at right now. There are a lot of changes that are going on and thats one of the reasons its more difficult to be able to project a year-end number and even project what the rating agencies are going to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Berg - Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: I suspect like others Im still confused in the following sense. It looks like notwithstanding the favorable activity in the market yesterday that the S&P is down very significantly in the month of October, whether its 20% or 22%. How could it be that weve had a 20% decline in equities and if I understood your last answer correctly, this is not having a material impact on your regulatory capital given the increased reserving requirements for variable annuities with guarantees? Hows that possible?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Its clearly having an impact. As you go down into these market levels, the impact from VA in terms of both the reserving requirements as well as the additional capital you have to hold under [C3Phase2] does rise dramatically. There is an offset of course with our hedged assets and our reinsurance program so that certainly helps protect the books because vol levels have screeched up dramatically. Our hedged asset has also gone up by several billions of dollars. So Im not at all suggesting that these markets arent having an impact on our capital. What Im trying to get at is we certainly still have at the 900 market level, we have additional capital measuring how much above a certain rating agency is difficult so as I said if we looked at a 30% decline from 9/30 levels and if I just look at an RBC ratio because thats something thats a little bit more factual than trying to determine different rating agency models, wed be at a 300% RBC range.
Ramani Ayer: And the 30% off of 9/30 puts you -
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: At about an 815 S&P level. But again Im giving you a little bit of a range there because it depends a bit on what interest rates are and what currencies are, etc. But I think that 300% range is something I feel comfortable with. Again, definitely impacting us. We have some offsets with our hedged assets, with our reinsurance program and obviously we got $2.5 billion from Allianz so all those things allow us to be able to make that statement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Two questions. One is going to stick with this capital margin question again if I may. Could you just walk through how we get from a $1.5 billion capital margin at the second quarter of 08 to the $3.5 billion estimate at year end per the pre-announcement? The second question is, with respect to the GMWBs, the hedge breakage there of $133 million. Does that include any FAS 157 items in there?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Let me take your second question first. I think what youre getting at is how much did the recent change in the FAS 157 valuation techniques impact the quarter hedge slippage? I would say it was really immaterial. Most of the change in the liability was due to market movements and that would be the first question. In terms of the second question, trying to figure out back in time where we were at any point in time. Things impact our statutory capital. Weve had impairments, we have to mark-to-market impacts in terms of some of our asset classes that go through statutory earnings, so trying to go from the $1.5 billion to $3.5 billion essentially we got $2.5 billion in from Allianz. So that clearly gave us some uplift as well as weve made some decisions, some of these reinsurance efficiency programs that were doing already has helped us or will help us by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Sorry. Im going to do it too. Maybe thinking about getting at the statutory and the variable annuity issue and the capital cushion in a slightly different way. I was thinking about it this way. You guys announced the Allianz capital infusion on October 6 and the S&P was at about 1,000.
Ramani Ayer: 1,150.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: All of our statements of capital margin at that time were referring to the 9/30 market level which was 1,165 S&P.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Maybe we can think about it slightly differently. At least one of the rating agencies, Moodys I believe, saw something as you met with them or as you provided them with some information. They saw something, something important enough for them to put the life company on a negative outlook. It seems to me at least from afar important enough for you guys to think about going and talking to Allianz about a capital infusion. I dont know. Maybe you can help us sort of to Eds point understand some of the sensitivity here around what potentially they saw. I suspect it had to do with the VA capital hits with respect to [carvum] and [C3Phase2] and some of the sensitivity analysis that youve likely provided them with but maybe you can help us understand it a little bit more clearly as well so we have a better sense of what we need to be looking at thats more market sensitive as opposed to any other sort of data point.
Ramani Ayer: Let me take a first shot at it. Then Ill turn it over to Liz. One is the conversation with Allianz was not precipitated by Moodys so I want to be very clear on that because thats an inference. I didnt want to leave investors. The second thing is as far as Moodys are concerned, theyre looking at not just annuity reserving issues, theyre just looking at GAAP volatility in our earnings and other factors like that that caused them to consider what they did. I would encourage you to talk to Moodys because Im very uncomfortable representing Moodys view on this call. So thats the second point I wanted to make. Going to this specific question, what we said at the quarter close where we pre-announced as we said at 1,165 at that point in time, we felt given our conventional approach to looking at rating agency margins we said we had $3.5 billion cushion. Part of the reason you find Liz hedging right now is because rating agencies are in say flux in terms of defining how they look at capital and capital margins, we felt it would be more difficult for us to project year end based on rating agency capital requirements. That is the reason why were trying not to do that. Then she also said, which I just want to recap, looking at a quarter at 1,165 at 30% from there S&P as youre playing around in the tail becomes a lot more tricky now principally because there are other variables like exchange rates, like interest rates, etc. that affect the liability modeling and that is the reason why were not trying to give you all a specific number to anchor your conclusions on. We are trying to give you a sense from 1,165 if you were to have S&P decline 30%, we model that and at that modeling we think our RBC is modeled around 300%. Theres obviously variability depending on all the other variables. That is the reason why were trying not to forecast a rating agency margin. Its an important distinction. Were not trying to dodge your question but that is the reason why were doing what were doing. I dont know Liz if you wanted to add anything to that.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: I think you said it well.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Tesha Jackson - Columbia Management].
[Tesha Jackson - Columbia Management]: I was thinking maybe we could skin this cat a different way. If we looked at the net present value at this point of what youre guarantees are, do you have a sense for where that is, like what the net present value is? Unless thats the number you gave us. If it was in a present value form.
Ramani Ayer: While Liz is trying to think about that answer, one thing I wanted to really assert here is these capital calls are not capital like you would see in the property and casualty business if you were to have a hurricane. The capital is gone from the system. These are capital calls based on shocking the reserve models by another 30% to 40% or so from year-end close and that capital comes back. So the economic costs of these annuities in the tail; first of all the payout is not until the very end till all the asset values get depleted so its way out in the tail and therefore the present value of the economic costs is much, much lower. I just wanted to be sure.
Gregory McGreevey: Its pretty important that the actual claims are not made for years from now, 12 or 14 years from now in most cases so I know that you all know this but that is one of the factors and the capital can spring back as markets spring back as well. Weve modeled that enough to know those spring-backs can be pretty pronounced. Liz, did you want to add anything?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Yes. I would just say if you want to think about a present value, you can really look at the liability under FAS 157. That is, in fact some people would say its an onerous calculation, but its looking at risk mutual scenarios. Its really discounting the future stream of payments out under the current market conditions which are extremely onerous right now. At the end of the third quarter that liability number was about $2.4 billion. Thats what happens every quarter. You mark your liability to market value which is essentially a present value number again under risk mutual scenarios and then you mark your asset which is your hedged assets to market and its the difference between the liability valuation and the asset valuation that gets into those gains and losses. What ultimately will actually get paid out in terms of real claims is -
[Tesha Jackson - Columbia Management]: Anybodys guess.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Yes. And certainly we believe that this is a pretty onerous condition to assume that if you took a point in time at 9/30 or even today that that liability valuation is the ultimate claims cost. We dont see it that way at all. So we think as markets rebound that liabilitys going to come down and as importantly separately as the statutory calculation is calculated and Ramani alluded to that, that is in a present value calculation. It is looking at the worst 10% under extreme market conditions because youre taking a current market level and youre shocking it down another 30% and youre also shocking policyholder behavior down, youre assuming people lapse less and they optimize their benefits. So its a very extreme test and you have to put the capital up. But once again as markets recover that capital gets released. So it is not a cash call in any sense of the word.
[Tesha Jackson - Columbia Management]: I think what everyone on the call is struggling with though is it may not be a cash call per se but I guess two points. After the Allianz announcement, it sounded like youd have $3.5 billion-ish of excess capital assuming 1,165 market levels.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Correct.
[Tesha Jackson - Columbia Management]: Clearly things are really different and now its sounding like you think youre going to end the year with somewhere, and again I understand that there are a lot of moving parts so this isnt hard and fast, but a 300% RBC. 
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: If we ended the year at 1,165 -
[Tesha Jackson - Columbia Management]: No, no, no. If it was 30% down from 1,165 or the 815 then it would be a 300% RBC, which actually sounds to me like youre actually in a capital constraint position in that scenario.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: What I remind you is, we did say the 300% RBC range. That does not include any potential benefits for example of captive reinsurance programs which were looking at. It also of course does not include that we accessed our contingent capital facility and theres also another variety of options that were looking at to reduce the capital that would be required. Were just saying as we sit here today, [inaudible] benefit of any of those in because we have to make sure they all work and that it would be a 300% range. We still think thats a very well capitalized company [inaudible].
[Tesha Jackson - Columbia Management]: But if you look at your stock right now, basically the market is saying you need to raise capital or thats what the fear is is that you need to raise more capital and that its going to be extremely dilutive to existing shareholders. So I think what were all struggling with is how comfortable can we be that youre not going to come back to the trough basically?
Ramani Ayer: This is a tough question. We have no idea how to answer that question other than to say we will do what we believe at all times to be right from a shareholder perspective. I think what Liz is saying is even at 815 or so our RBC is around 300%. To tell you the truth, thats shocking it quite a bit. I mean 1,165 to 815 is shocking quite a bit. I think to have RBC of 300% feels to me like the system is able to withstand a fair amount of market retrenchment. But I honestly cant categorically sit here and say we will or we wont. You would not want me to say something like that.
[Tesha Jackson - Columbia Management]: I know. I mean I just think thats what were all struggling with here.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Its also like I said in Canada theyve already relaxed the rules. There are a lot of things underway although we cant count on them right now but there are a lot of things underway that could put some capital relief on these numbers because again I think that when youre down at the tail with market declines unprecedented and then youre shocking it down 30%, there is a possibility that we could see some relief, which is another thing that we have in our quiver. Again I cant bank on it at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America: Ramani, you mentioned that you might be retooling some of the products on the VA business. I assume thats with an idea of either decreasing the risk or increasing the return on capital given how year is capital. Maybe could you comment on what would the intent be and why wouldnt you do the same thing on the property/casualty side if the cost of capital is a lot higher today, much more difficult to get, shouldnt you look at getting higher ROEs or being more cautious on that?  And the other question relates and I want to make sure from a shares outstanding point of view Liz. For 2009 what would be the shares on a fully diluted basis because the capital injection came in the fourth quarter as opposed to full year?
Thomas M. Marra: Im going to start the first part of the question and then ask Neal and John to quickly chime in and then well go over to Liz on the other. First of all, on property and casualty, were pretty darn happy with our ROEs even through the tough cycle. Im really pleased with the way that business has performed and the way Neal and his team has managed it.  On the VA we just think its the right thing to do at this point. We dont think this is the norm but we think volatility is going to be up for a while and we have to look at retooling the product which will mean price and product features.  Neal and John, why dont you quickly add to that.
Neal S. Wolin: I would just add that as Tom said, on the P&C side were still very focused on writing business with a pricing discipline that delivers strong ROEs still in the 18% range for the quarter and not taking our eye off that ball. Theres no question that thats something we will continue to be focused on. Obviously we want to get that right balance but we feel like were delivering very strong business with a lot of pricing discipline in just the sort of way that would deliver that ROE strength.
John C. Walters: I would just add on the annuity product side, I think for some time now weve been at the lower end of the risk factor and relative to product. Were very comfortable with that position. We think it has served us well particularly in this difficult environment. But we are going to go through a process of rethinking everything relative to the VA product which of course includes price and are we charging the right price for these products. Its difficult to know what the exact right price is because the markets are so volatile and I dont think you can price to the worst experience the markets have seen. But weve got to come up with what we think is a sustainable price over time and put that out there, and weve also got to look at the product features and which ones are really important to the client and which ones are the risk drivers and see what changes we want to make to that. But were pleased that we havent really jumped into the competition and tried to match everybody over the last couple of years. I think that served us well and well continue to take that risk discipline into our rethinking as we go into 09.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: In terms of modeling for diluted earnings per share, if we look, Im trying to estimated earnings per share for the fourth quarter, that would be about 329 million shares. When you try to go into the next year, you kind of have to estimate what the stock price would be because it impacts the dilution under the treasury stock method. So I would say it would be something north of 328 million but I cant give you an exact number. I would use that for modeling purposes and I think that gets you essentially there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman - UBS Warburg LLC.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Warburg LLC: With respect to my question, what I really want to understand and youre talking about capital adequacy, you still have three rating agencies despite the capital raise that have kept your financial strength ratings on the insurance subsidiaries of the life division at either negative outlook or negative watch. The first question is with regard to doing this offering at all, why didnt you offer it to the public? I want to understand why you didnt offer this to the public. I feel like theres something thats not being provided here. What am I missing?
Ramani Ayer: We were looking into a market that was extremely volatile. We had not closed the third quarter and wed have had to have closed the third quarter. If you look at us now, we are talking about October 29. Thats when we would have had to have done this, meaning waited till then before we confirmed all our numbers, gotten audited numbers, etc. As I talked to our lawyers and others in terms of whether we can do this without audited numbers going public, their discomfort in doing all of that was extremely high. So I sought to use an approach that I felt was swift because I believe the perception that we didnt have enough capital was every bit as important to tackle immediately as well as a substance of what might happen with respect to capital opportunities out here in terms of the markets receptivity to provide capital. So that is the reason why we did that. I made a judgment call on that given what I just told you. That judgment call is what resulted in the approach we took. Really going out without fully audited statements, etc. in an environment like this becomes very, very challenging when we are sharing the kinds of numbers we are with you, and that is one reason why I decided to do it the way we did it.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Warburg LLC: I want to retrace some steps. On June 10 Hartford announced a $500 million accelerated share repurchase. Current with that timing Ramani there were a lot of financial institutions that had discontinued their buybacks, they were having extreme difficulty. Some were going under. In the second quarter and early into the third you bought a total of about $1 billion of stock. So I want to understand what was being thought about back on June 10? What was missed at that time that you later realized?
Ramani Ayer: Very simple. I honestly missed, and this is a very clear answer, the degree to which markets have cratered in terms of equity markets, credit spreads widening, all of which happened in an accelerated way in September/October. I did not see that. We debated that internally. Liz and I talked extensively about whether we should buy back shares at that time, and I felt when we did the share repurchase we were doing it in an environment where investors were constantly worried about the fact that we would be sitting on excess capital and not responding to investor concerns when our stock was somewhat under pressure. So that was to respond to that so you cant say at that point in time, How come you guys didnt see what was about to happen? And honestly, we didnt see that. We didnt see the degree to which markets got to where they are today.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Warburg LLC: And you feel good going forward that with a new chief risk officer youll have a better handle going forward?
Ramani Ayer: I want to be very clear. Forecasting in these kinds of markets even if I have the smartest risk officer is a great challenge but Im very proud of the risk officer we have in place who certainly is looking at all aspects of risks including the risk were taking on the investment side of the house so were comfortable that were going to do this very rigorously. But, Andrew if I were to go back and say would a risk officer have seen what happened in September/October, I think I still believe and I may be wrong, Im willing to be called as not being clear on this but I do believe sitting there and for us to have said we would be in markets that go down as far as 900 and credit spreads widening so much, candidly I dont know if we could have called that then. Because, if we could have we should have made a whole bunch of different decisions, not just capital raising. We should have done a whole bunch of different decisions so we did not see that magnitude of change.
Operator:  Our next question comes from [Terrie Shoe]  Pioneer Investments.
[Terrie Shoe]  Pioneer Investments: Im not going to ask the capital question but maybe its all related. Earlier I think Liz you talked about and driving your fair value modeling policyholder behavior and you said that you had applied very stringent or conditions, not stringent but that you had shocked it with much higher withdrawal assumptions and such. Can you share some of that with us to the extent you can? And, what recent experience has been?  I would think given the present volatility in the markets and what the markets have done that there might be a significant change in policyholder behavior. What is currently built in to your pricing? And, when you say that you test it, how far do you take that?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Let me try and take that in steps. You want to separate GAAP with stat and actual experience versus what we have to shock. So actually, through these markets weve seen that the policyholder experience has been very consistent with what we would expect and what we price in our products. So, I wouldnt say that there was any material difference there. Again, when you think of policyholder behavior, its everything from asset allocation to lapses to when someone can reset in our principal first product, etc. So, I would say again experience is very consistent with what we price.
[Terrie Shoe]  Pioneer Investments: Are you concerned that there could be a delayed kind of behavioral change because this all happened so suddenly?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Well, its interesting because when you say what could happen. Why dont I finish and then I will answer that question because under FAS 157 we not only have to use prudent estimates of policyholder behavior, and again under risk neutral scenarios which is very low interest rate levels, when youre in the tail you have to shock that policyholder behavior down. You have to take your normal estimates and you have to assume that policyholders due optimize their benefit which would mean they would not lapse for example. They would move their money in to more equities. Thats kind of in the valuation. Your question is are we worried that people will in fact do that, the number one thing is it is sort of already in the FAS 157 to some degree. Then the second thing is for example if they started to lapse their policies, that would actually help from a liability standpoint because the guarantee would now be erased. Obviously that hurts now because if markets recover we have less policies and we have less future profitability so sometimes its hard to decide what the impact is on the guarantee for that particular policyholder behavior versus what it is for the long term in force book of the business. For statutory purposes, once again you have to take prudent best estimates and once again shock those in the tail. So, youre shocking policyholder behavior down to some point youre assuming extraordinary low lapse level which weve never experienced before. So far with markets declined this far, we have not experienced that. We feel very conservative in our assumptions and so very good that they would encompass policyholder behavior thats much worse than what we have seen.
[Terrie Shoe]  Pioneer Investments: How about usage though of the withdrawal benefit? Is that not an important variable?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : In terms of us seeing whether or not theyre withdrawing when they take their 5% or 6%? Again, it is fairly consistent with what we price for.
[Terrie Shoe]  Pioneer Investments: Is it very sensitive to that assumption if the usage rate goes up a lot?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : That would be definitely something if 100% of the policyholders for example decided to start withdrawing that tomorrow, that definitely would have an impact. But, were already assuming a fairly high withdrawal rate and again, its policyholder behavior is consistent. Im going to ask John to add some color to that.
John C. Walters : Terrie, just to be clear we have a dynamic modeling process that assumes that the deeper in the money a particular clients policy is, the more they exercise all the benefits, one of the benefits being to stay with the policy because theyre in the money, another benefit to take more income to exercise the guaranteed income that they have. We still believe that those policy assumptions that weve built in, the dynamic assumptions that weve built in to the models are still on the conservative end of what we would expect.  Weve seen nothing in policyholder behavior to date that would cause us to feel any differently than that and its well within our expectations at this point. It is clearly something were going to monitor. We monitor it every day and so its going to be something that we continue to monitor as we go forward and if we see a change in that then you would see a change in how we do our FAS 157 valuation.
[Terrie Shoe]  Pioneer Investments: Is it similar, the sensitivity both withdrawal, utilizing the withdrawal benefit as well as the lapse rate or are they very different? Is one much more important than the other?
John C. Walters : I cant say that one is much more important than the other. They are both important elements of the model.
Thomas M. Marra : Just to maybe add some color to this because I really dont think theres a material risk that policyholder behavior is going to change dramatically. Weve been selling this product since 02 and weve seen just about every season that you could imagine since then and behavior has stayed within reasonable boundaries so I really dont think this is a huge probability.
[Terrie Shoe]  Pioneer Investments: One other quick question, on your reinsurance program youre existing reinsurance program you have  and you show your reinsurance recoverable for the US, GM, WB, can you elaborate a bit more on your reinsurance programs? Is there any risk that that cant be continued? You said that you were looking at captive reinsurance alternatives, maybe elaborate a bit more on that.
Thomas M. Marra : Its a lifetime guarantee for the policies that are already reinsured.
[Terrie Shoe]  Pioneer Investments: Right, so theres no risk whatsoever?
Thomas M. Marra : Its a lifetime reinsurance program.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Again, we obviously work with high quality reinsurers so we feel good about that protection, we feel very good about that protection. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt Kelton Crochran Caronia Waller (USA), LLC.
Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt Kelton Crochran Caronia Waller (USA), LLC: Just a very, very quick question, as the Moodys negative outlook and I guess just general concerns over capital had any impact on your distribution partners or your kind of ability to participate meaningfully on the shelves that youre currently on? Greg Mark Ill start and then Neal and others may join in. First of all, it has not affected our distribution access at all so were still selling in all the places weve historically been selling. Were very pleased with the continued opportunity that we have at our various distribution partners.  We do, as you would imagine get questions in this environment just like I think every company gets questions in this environment and were fielding those and it has not had a meaningful impact on our sales results. 
Neal S. Wolin : Mark, on the P&C side not at all. Our partnerships are strong and if anything our flows are up in October, really across our segments so no affect.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jeffery R. Schuman  Keefre, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Jeffery R. Schuman  Keefre, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Im going to try and squeeze a couple of things in her but hopefully a couple of them are pretty quick. First of all, youve talked a few times about the scenario of the S&P going to 815 and the RBC at 300, I was wondering behind that what does that assume in terms of actually distributing the Allianz capital? Did all of it go to the life company or how much of it would be supporting that 300? The second question is there some I guess sort of simple straight forward reason why you did not have a big FAS 157 non-performance risk factor impact when other companies did? Then the third thing, on the three win can you review just quickly for us again what the two customer options are and which one is most likely to be cake and whether there are additional customers still sort of pending out there that could potentially breach some level and create an additional problem?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : The first question, Im going to turn the last one over to John but the first question from Allianz, when were looking at that level, and again were also including additional impairments, were not expecting that right now but where the markets keep deteriorating we have to make some assumption about credit spreads continuing to widen so theres other impacts on our capital other than just variable annuities. But, we would be looking at utilizing a majority of that Allianz infusion. From the non-performance risk on the FAS 157 adjustment, you may recall when we put in this adjustment in the first quarter of 08 that we had a very small adjustment for this of about $4 million. We did not use our own credit default swaps for that determination rather we looked at what we would consider the probability of default that we would default on our obligation to our policyholders. Obviously, thats very low because we honor our policyholders. So, we looked at kind of a rating agency model, how they would view the probability of default on actually paying out to those policyholders and since that probability was very low it resulted in really an immaterial impact. So, when you kind of move forward in to todays market or even looking at further deterioration in the markets that number would not change.
Jeffery R. Schuman  Keefre, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: John, the third question John has to do with the three wins, the election of options. Do you have a sense of how thats progressed?
John C. Walters : On three wins, in effect how this product worked was it had an 80% stop on it and so if the policy was down 80% you got shifted out of the variable annuity subaccounts and in to a fixed account and then you had an option of either taking your money out at 80% or getting your principal back over 15 years in an annuity payout. At this point about 95% of the policies have been stopped out because the market has declined so dramatically and about two thirds are taking the annuity payout option and one third is taking the cash out option.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group.
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: The 300 RBC, is that like a corporation wide RBC or are we just talking particularly on the life company? And, where would that number have been I guess maybe at the end of 2007?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : At the end of 2007 that number was well in excess of 400%. We are talking about the life company. Id just like to make another comment on this impact on capital and kind of the velocity of things that have changed. I think this relates to several of everyones questions and just as a reminder, in the third quarter alone we took $1.7 billion impact in to our statutory capital for impairments.  I know we spent a lot of time talking about VA but I think it was the combination of the speed at which credit spreads widened and the impact on our statutory capital from that coupled with the impact of VA has obviously impacted our capital. But, as we sat back in that kind of June timeframe when Ramani is talking about, we had very healthy excess margins at that time but weve absorbed a significant equity market decline coupled with significant charges to our capital due to credit spreads widening and impairments.
Operator:  Our next question comes from [Josh Smith  GRAACRF].
[Josh Smith  GRAACRF]: The 300 RBC, most people have targeted 350 as sort of the AA range, whats the numerator and the denominator on that 300? And, would you be willing to take a ratings downgrade if it was at 300 versus 350? And, are there any implications of a downgrade in terms of triggers that would set off any kind of redemptions or anything of that nature?
Ramani Ayer : Let me first talk to the second half of the question, would there be an impact of a ratings downgrade? Theres some businesses that will get impacted, the institutional business would. But, I would say for instance on the property casualty side there are more property casualty companies that are A rating rather than a AA rating. There are very few at a AA rating so my sense is from a pure competitiveness perspective 
[Josh Smith  GRAACRF]: No, I was speaking specifically to the life company.
Ramani Ayer : On the life company side, the institutional business certainly Josh that would be an impact.
John C. Walters : But it would be more of a sales impact than it would be any sort of policyholder optionality impact. I just want to be clear on that point.
Ramani Ayer : Last thing, the numerator and denominator Josh, now youre talking about variables that are both volatile in the numerator and the denominator and I hesitate to give you that kind of answer because I think were starting to get to numbers that are all estimates and at some point we start to worry that were creating more noise.
[Josh Smith  GRAACRF]: To Jeffs question is any of Allianz contribution, is all of that gone to the life company or would some of that be available to sure up if the stress starts to the 300 RBC happened?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : I would say Im trying to be conservative here so Im looking at all of it but again, if we didnt have further deterioration in credits, if I didnt assume some additional impairments, etc. then I wouldnt have to use it all so theres a lot of moving pieces as Ramani said. We calculated it different ways, what if this happened, that happened.
[Josh Smith  GRAACRF]: No, Im just confused on this point, if that 300, does that assume that all the Allianz contribution is already down there or is that before you could put some down there?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Well certainly it doesnt assume all of the Allianz, we have to hold money as a holding company for dividends and other requirements but it assumes that we utilize most really all excess capacity and move it down to the life company. What I was trying to get at is if for some reason the S&P was down, but credit spreads narrowed and we didnt have further impairments then it would be better than that so theres lots of moving pieces. But, yes I am assuming that the Allianz funds are utilized.
[Josh Smith  GRAACRF]: Then just finally, why isnt 350 the target? Is it because theres support from the parent company? Other life companies have talked about a 350 target?
Ramani Ayer : I think Josh again this goes to Teshas question, at some point we will  we have not made any decisions on that. I want to be very clear but, at the same time I think we will constantly remind ourselves that we have a balancing act. Weve got three things to consider, how our competitive position stacks up, how we look at it from a shareholder perspective and third, rating agency margins are all a function of each individual rating agency so well take all three in to account. Ive not made a decision on that issue but were not automatically assuming that it will be met with a capital raise to 350. I just want to be very clear on that.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to make sure, I feel like Im still confused. Liz, I thought you said that if you had that shock scenario or the down 30 from 930 that maybe youd have a $2 billion capital margin. Did you say that or did I not hear that? Then, I have a follow up so hopefully you dont go to the next question yet.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : No, that was a question that someone talked about the market levels today not shock down 30% from the end of the year. The S&P is above 900 right now, the numbers that Im talking about with the risk based capital is in the 300% range was looking at an S&P of 815 and also assuming a variety of other factors including like I said some further deterioration in the credit market.
Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch: I guess the thing that seems to be sort of hard to understand here is that you guys have always talked about modeling tail events and early on you gave us very detailed analysis of different outcomes for the VA book. I guess, you put that all together and you decided initially that it was appropriate to have a $1 billion or $1.5 billion capital margin or whatever we had. Then, you raise money and you say that youre at $3.5 billion, the market goes down 20%, the $3.5 goes to $2 billion. Youre saying if the market goes down another 10% it sounds to me like youre saying you dont have anything. I mean I know were down a lot but 10% from here is like a week in the S&P the way things have been going potentially. I guess I just dont understand the level of capital volatility here. How could we not have seen this? Im not asking you to forecast this occurring in 2008. Im saying how could we not have seen this in our modeling when we are modeling tail event scenarios? We know all of these things about shocking the capital when we have the tail so Im just curious why we didnt see this.
Ramani Ayer : A couple of thoughts, one is youre talking about how could we not have seen it say going back to year-end 07, is that what you mean?
Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch: No, I just mean see it as a possibility not see it as a forecast but see it as a possibility. I mean we have had markets go down 30%, 40%, 50%, right. We had from peak to trough on the NASDAQ, we went down 75% earlier this decade so its not like these things dont happen.
Ramani Ayer : Right, not across a balanced portfolio Ed. This is one of the most severe markets in terms of what has happened year-to-date and modeling at 800. Most of our models do look at a variety of things including what happens in the tail but we also have seen that one of the things that we did not see to the degree that it has happened is remarkable shifts in credit spreads. The third thing that we did not recognize or have not seen is the degree to which our concentration in the real estate sector through multiple sources meaning CNBS, RMBS as well as the financials is the other piece. So, there were several other variables that interacted with this to create the kind of statutory capital strain. So, I feel like an intersection of variables that obviously were not encompassed to the degree that were facing today. 
Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch: But Ramani I guess just what were talking about here in terms of the market at 900 and something saying weve got a $2 billion margin to saying the market down at 815, 300% RBC with all the Allianz money accounted for suggests no margin and in fact it suggests at least that theres no margin. So, Im just focusing on the equity piece. We did see this kind of move back earlier in the decade in terms of peak to trough for the S&P or worse I think. So again, I understand this is an unprecedented environment but thats what tail events are suppose to be.
Ramani Ayer : I agree but as far as 01 to 02 year-end I dont think we saw it but youre absolutely right peak to trough we did see the S&P go to July of 2002 where it declined dramatically. But, going back the degree of impairments we have taken and the degree to which spread have widened are two very important additional factors that effected all this change so those are two other variables that have caused some of this.  What were saying is at 800 including the anticipation that if markets go down further theres a likelihood that there might be more impairments, Im not saying that there will be more impairments, Im not saying that there will be more impairments but we have factored all of that in the analysis and were making a point estimate on that. That is really what were trying to do.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Ed, let me clarify, I think Im not sure that $2 billion might have been trying to estimate a rating agency today. Again, I dont want to forecast what rating agencies are going to do going forward or what its going to be at year-end. But, I think what youre saying is how could it drop off so much at 800 or 815 and I gave a range so at the 300% range at 800 youd probably be in the 400 plus range at 900 so it definitely gets more convex when you go farther in the tail. Again, I want to just remind you thats because youre sitting there at an 800 or 815 S&P level and you have to shock it down 30% more. Youre talking about an extraordinary decline from 1468 at the end of 12/31/07 so there is a lot of convexity in that tail. I dont exactly remember, the $2 billion I thought was relating to rating agency which I was trying to avoid so lets just stick with RBC numbers 300% range and that 800 to 815 and 400% in that 900 range.
Ramani Ayer : So if you shock at 800 and you have to shock another 30% thats another 240 points off that is sort of like the way that [inaudible] reserving calculations work. 
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Again, we are looking at a variety of opportunities like I said with that captive reinsurance. I think Terrie you had asked about that, I dont know if we answered you. Thats just looking and certainly we would be working with the rating agencies to see how they would look through that but there are some potential efficient ways to reduce your capital requirements with captive reinsurance. So, that would be a plus to those numbers if that would work.
Ramani Ayer : Operator were approaching 6:30 so we should take one last question. I dont mean to drag this call out because it is pretty late in the day. So if you could queue up our last question for us operator.
Operator:  Your final question comes from John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach:  Just to tie down a couple of quick numbers, the 300% RBC ration, that estimate was based on the market going down to the 815 level, thats sort of the 30% down from the 1165. Do I have that right?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Yes.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Whats the starting point? If were at 1165 what would the risk based capital ratio be there?
Ramani Ayer : It will be north of 360 or so.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : No, it will be north of 400. What happens is we dont move money from the holding company down to the life company. So youre looking at an RBC ratio thats related to the life company so some of it depends on how much money you have to move down. Clearly, at high levels we can keep a lot more at the holding company and not have to push it down and still be well above 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: The rating agency targets?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : Exactly. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: The $1.7 billion of statutory impairments in the third quarter that you mentioned earlier Liz was that all in the life company or was that a combination of both the life and P&C?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : It was both the combination of life and P&C. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Do you have the split?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus : I dont have it.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Then the last question was just to go back to the commentary sort of early on about sort of taking a closer look at the variable annuity business, thinking about retooling, perhaps even repricing, maybe its a little too speculative and if so you can just say so but should we expect that thered be any sort of consideration around repricing with respect to the in force? Or, is that sort of a prospective for new business consideration?
Thomas M. Marra : We have the option to do some in force increases which are fully under consideration as well. Some of them are tied to how your new business for the same product line charges but John, were going to definitely look at that as well.
John C. Walters : Just getting back to your question on the stat impairments relative to life and PC, its about two thirds one third so about $1.1 billion or so was in life and the remainder was in P&C.
Ramani Ayer : I want to bring this call to a close. First of all thank you all and I hope we have done a good job of answering your questions. I know the IR organization will be available for additional questions. One of the reasons we advanced this call to the evening before is two reasons, one is our call was sandwiched between two others and we wanted to give you the opportunity to have time and the second thing is we know our IR team will be available and given the complexity of the issues we thought it would be better if we had an opportunity to talk to you directly. I hope this was helpful and we look forward to continued conversations with investors. Thank you again for joining us today.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Johnson - SVP, IR Ramani Ayer - CEO Tom Marra - President and COO Liz Zlatkus - CFO Neal Wolin - President and COO of Property Casualty Company John Walters - President and COO of Life Company Dave Znamierowski - Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Josh Shankar - Citi Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Al Copersino - Madoff Investments
Operator: Good morning. My name is Casey and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hartford's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn today's call over to Ms. Kim Johnson, Senior Vice President Investor Relations, our host for today's call. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kim Johnson: Thank you, Casey. Good morning and thank you for joining us for today's second quarter 2008 financial results conference call. As you know, our earnings press release was issued yesterday. To help you follow our discussion a financial supplement and a slide presentation are available on our website at www.thehartford.com. Ramani Ayer, Chairman and CEO, will begin today's call with an overview of the quarter and key trends. Then Tom Marra, the Hartford's President and Chief Operating Officer, will provide more detail on our second quarter results and discuss business outlook. Liz Zlatkus, our CFO, will conclude with comments on our 2008 outlook, investment portfolio, and capital position. Following the prepared presentation, we will hold our usual question-and-answer session. Also participating on today's call will be Neal Wolin, President and Chief Operating Officer of our Property-Casualty company; John Walters, President and Chief Operating Officer of our Life company; Dave Znamierowski, Chief Investment Officer and Alan Krezko, General Counsel. Turning to the presentation on page two, please note that we'll make certain statements during this call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, our 2007 annual report on Form 10-K, and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date. The discussion in this presentation of The Hartford's financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures is provided in the investor financial supplement for the second quarter of 2008, in the press release we issued yesterday, and in the Investor Relations section of The Hartford's website at thehartford.com. Now I would like to turn it over to The Hartford's Chairman and CEO, Ramani Ayer.
Ramani Ayer: Thank you, Kim. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before I turn today's call over to Tom, I want to touch on a couple of topics that factored into the quarter. I will also highlight how we are investing for the future. So let's get started. I am pleased with The Hartford's execution in the second quarter. We overcame tough market conditions to record nearly $700 million in core earnings or $2.22 per diluted share. Realized capital losses in the quarter were $156 million after-tax, down significantly from the levels seen in the first quarter. Our net income return on equity over the last four quarters is 12% and on a core earnings basis, our ROE is 17%. The second-quarter saw more volatility in the capital markets. Liz will provide more detail later in the call, but I wanted to make several points about our investment performance. Our portfolio held up well during the quarter and we remained confident in the creditworthiness of our investments. We saw the impact from rising interest rates on our net unrealized loss position. This contributed to a 2% sequential decline in book value per share. Also our CMBS and RMBS securities continue to perform well. While market pricing for these asset classes remains depressed, we are confident that the ultimate economic losses will be a fraction of the mark-to-market losses. The Hartford has worked diligently over the past five years to fortify its balance sheet. One of the reasons we built our capital position was to address the challenges of market conditions like the ones we face today. Our balance sheet remains in great shape and even after weathering the effects of market volatility over the past year. I know our investors believe capital flexibility is precious. We do too. We have the capital necessary to meet our business needs and we have at least $1.5 billion of capital margin. Our liquidity is excellent and we have additional debt capacity should it be necessary. All said, I am very comfortable with the company's financial position. Turning to our business results, I am pleased with how we are navigating some very challenging markets. Excess capacity in the property and casualty market is continuing to put pressure on pricing. On the Life side, the competition to secure retirement assets is intense. It is against this competitive backdrop that I give big marks to The Hartford's employees for their execution each and every day. We recorded another quarter of strong performance in Property and Casualty. On an ex-cat accident year basis, our ongoing operations combined ratio was 90.7, just 1.5 point higher than last year. This is an outstanding result in a softening market. Our efforts to retain profitable customers and to selectively target new business are working. In the Life Company, record deposits in our mutual funds and retirement plan businesses helped drive life assets under management to $363 billion at the end of June. As we look ahead, we expect competition for new customers to remain challenging. I want to assure you, though, that we will continue to make strategic investments while maintaining expense discipline. Markets will turn and we want to be ready. In Property and Casualty, we are investing in our product set. In small commercial and middle market, we are enhancing our franchise with cutting edge pricing technology. This will enable us to more precisely identify new business opportunities as well as the most profitable renewal business. We are also innovating in personal lines, piloting new direct sales and marketing strategies that will complement our independent agency channel. In the Life Company, we are introducing product enhancements in numerous lines, including individual life insurance and U.S. and Japan variable annuities. We also are investing in the retirement plans business. As we work on integrating the retirement plan operations that we acquired last quarter, we are even more excited about the new capabilities they bring to the table.  With that, let me turn it over to Tom to provide additional details about our second-quarter performance. Tom?
Tom Marra: Thanks, Ramani. As we did in the first quarter, I intend to cover the highlights of our property-casualty and Life results without commenting specifically on every business. Our press release and 10-Q have a lot of good information on each of our segments. We have also included a summary slide on each segment in the appendix to this presentation. Now turn to slide 4. In property-casualty, we executed very well in challenging markets. Once again, we recorded very strong underwriting results, especially when you back out higher than average catastrophes. For the quarter, our property-casualty operations recorded core earnings of $283 million and our core earnings reflect $171 million pre-tax or 6.6 points of catastrophe losses. These losses related primarily to the severe tornadoes and thunderstorms that struck the Midwest and Southeast. All of our businesses delivered excellent core underwriting performance. Our second quarter ongoing operations ex-cat, ex-prior-year combined ratio was relatively stable at 90.7 and we believe that to be a very good result. The factors driving our strong loss performance vary from line-to-line. In Personal lines, we are seeing favorable auto claims frequency and only modest increases in auto severity. We suspect part of the cause for the reduced claim frequency is fewer miles driven due to higher gas prices. We have reflected the favorable loss cost results by improving our full year personal lines combined ratio outlook by 1.5 point. In Small Commercial, our performance continues to be consistent. As a leading underwriter of this coverage, we are seeing the benefits of modest growth in loss severity combined with lower frequency. Based on the strong results for the first half of the year, we are improving our full year small commercial combined ratio outlook by 1 point. Our net written premiums were $2.6 billion in the quarter, 3% below last year. New business growth has been the primary challenge to our written premium plans. The P&C markets we participate in are feeling the effects of the softening market competition to varying degrees. We continue to exercise underwriting and pricing discipline. Acknowledging the current state of the markets, we have lowered our written premium outlooks across all of our lines. In the second quarter, we completed our annual asbestos review and added $50 million pre-tax to our net reserves. Every year reserve estimates for individual cases change based upon the circumstances of each account. All of the changes we made this year were case specific and did not reflect any underlying change in the environment. In summary, our P&C operations had another very good quarter. As we look to the remainder of this year, we will remain disciplined. We intend to compete vigorously for new business but won't chase it for the sake of growing our top line. Now, our Life results are highlighted on slide 5. Core earnings in our Life Operations were very good at $450 million, up 3% over the prior year and up 15% from the first quarter of 2008. The quarter benefited from $32 million in tax benefits, $22 million of which relates to prior years for the first quarter of 2008. I would like to take a moment now to look a little closer at a couple of our businesses. Our retail mutual fund business is performing extremely well. We were pleased to see deposits in the quarter exceed the top end of our guidance range coming in at a record $4 billion or 5% higher than a year ago. We are benefiting from excellent fund performance and strong wholesaling execution. Net sales hit a record at $1.9 billion, 9% better than last year. As we look forward, we have raised our full year guidance for mutual fund deposits based on this strong first half. As Ramani mentioned earlier, we are determined to keep investing in growth opportunities. This may cause some are ROAs to decline in the short-term. You will see this in other retail, which includes retail mutual funds as well as several smaller operations. Here, equity market declines have depressed the pace of asset growth. As a result, staying the course with our previously planned investments will have the effect of lowering ROAs for the balance of '08. This is reflected in our updated guidance. Now, our retirement plans group also had a great second quarter. Deposits were $2.4 billion, up 72% over the prior year. This of course reflects the acquisitions we closed in the first quarter. But, even on an organic basis, deposits grew a healthy 17%. Integration of our acquisitions is on track and during the second quarter, we combined our sales force and moved about 300 people into Hartford offices. We have increased our 2008 full year ROA outlook for the retirement plans business to the range of 21 basis points to 23 basis points. This change reflects the tax benefits we recognized this quarter. Our view on the expected long-term ROA for this business remains unchanged in the low to mid 20s. In our U.S. VA business, volatile equity markets lead to a challenging quarter. Deposits declined to $2.2 billion. Now we had expected deposits to be off, due to the restructuring of our wholesaling force in March and the timing of our new product launch on May 1. What we didn't expect was such turbulent markets. Notwithstanding a tough second quarter, we continue to be excited about our new VA product. Feedback from our distributors has been positive and we saw a positive sales momentum through May and June. Plus we will introduce a product enhancement in August. It should position us as a competitive alternative to deferral bonus type guarantee products that are popular with some consumers and advisers. We have also seen improving fixed annuity sales as interest rates have moved up. Forecasting sales in these equity markets is very difficult particularly in the middle of a new product launch, so we have changed our full year VA deposits outlook to a range of $9.25 billion to $10.25 billion. To the extent that equity markets remain volatile and depressed in the latter part of the year, we would expect deposits to come in towards the bottom of the range. If equity markets recover in the second half, we would expect to finish closer to the top of the range. We are also increasing ROA outlook for individual annuity segment primarily due to a lower expected tax rate. In Japan, the markets remain tough. We believe second quarter industry-wide variable annuity sales will be down significantly year-over-year. We have seen the effects of volatile markets and intense competition over the first half of the year. We continue to invest in our VA product suite and we are expanding our distribution. Make no mistake. The Hartford is in Japan for the long run. Finally, our group benefits business had an outstanding second quarter. Fully insured sales were up 13% from the prior year and fully insured premium grew to $1.1 billion, driven by an 8% increase in Life and Disability. These are great results in a very competitive market. In summary, nice core earnings held up well in the second quarter. We are executing well in a tough environment with tremendous growth in our Mutual Funds and Retirement Plans businesses and we expect to launch new products in several lines to leverage our outstanding distribution capabilities. And with that, I would like to turn it over to Liz Zlatkus. Liz?
Liz Zlatkus: Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Following on Tom's operating review I would like to walk you through our 2008 updated guidance. Please turn to slide 6. As you saw in our press release, we reaffirmed our guidance range of $9.20 to $9.50. This assumes an average of 308 million shares outstanding. At this point, our capital planning does not anticipate any additional share repurchases this year. Our outlook also assumes an annualized 4.5% return on our hedge fund and limited partnership investments for the rest of the year. While we didn't quite see that yield in the second quarter, we are sticking with this assumption. We are holding our assumed underwriting loss in Other Operations at $160 million. This figure includes the $50 million pre-tax asbestos charge we took in the second quarter. As you know, we will conduct our annual environmental study in the third quarter. The $160 million figure is merely an assumption. History has shown that actual underwriting results can move a lot year-to-year. Importantly, our guidance does not include any estimate for the results of our third quarter DAC unlock. Based on the actual versus expected market performance, we do anticipate a DAC write down next quarter. We provide you with sensitivities through the unlock in the 10-Q on pages 39 and 40. Based on these sensitivities and separate account performance in the United States and Japan through June 30, our DAC unlock could result in an after-tax charge of $330 million to $640 million or $1.07 to $2.08 per share. When actual separate account returns vary significantly from our assumptions, as they did this past year, the market impact of the DAC unlock tends to track more closely with the upper end of this range. Remember, the sensitivities we updated in the 10-Q only relate to separate account returns. We have not yet completed our assumption studies and those studies along with the account values at the time of the unlock will impact the charge. Now, two final points about DAC. DAC can swing favorably and unfavorably. Last year as you may recall, our DAC unlock produced an after-taxes gain of $213 million. And finally but importantly, DAC is a GAAP concept only. Any charge we take for the DAC unlock will not affect our statutory capital position. I would like to now move on to a discussion of our investment portfolio. The pie chart on slide 7 summarizes the make up of our $94.5 billion portfolio. Net unrealized losses on fixed maturities increased by $876 million this quarter, this is primarily due to rising interest rates, which were partially offset by a tightening of credit spreads across most asset classes. We believe current market dislocations and mark-to-market changes are substantially deeper than the economic losses we expect, even under severe recession scenarios. Even so, we recognize the change in fair value each quarter either through AOCI or net income. Now we will keep a security with a price decline in unrealized losses only, if we believe the value will recover and we have the ability and intent to hold the asset until it does. Each quarter we stress test the cash flows on sub-prime and CMBS assets to determine if and when we expect them to recover. When we do these stress tests, our projections assume things get worse before they get better. For example, our impairment process subjects our CMBS holdings to various recessionary scenarios. We assume negative GDP growth, rising unemployment, and declining property values. As a result, we impaired only one additional commercial mortgage backed security this quarter. The remaining CMBS impairments reflect price deterioration on securities previously impaired. Moving onto slide 8, and the important issue of capital, our approach to capital management has not changed. We keep capital to provide flexibility to pursue business opportunities or acquisitions while mitigating the risks that we will have to come to you, to raise capital in a shock event. There are three parts to our capital plan. Number one, the capital needed to maintain our AA level ratings under the most constraining rating agency models; our capital margin of at least $1.5 billion above the rating agency requirements; and three, significant debt capacity. As part of our capital management discipline, we regularly analyze, forecast and stress test our capital under different scenarios. Now this is critically important, because many factors can and do change. For example, the rate at which we generate our consumed capital is affected by the growth and profitability of our business, statutory impairments, and changes in equity markets, credit markets and interest rates. In addition, changes in statutory accounting can impact our capital position. There is a proposal on the table now to change the statutory accounting for impairments related to structured securities. If adopted, as we anticipate, this change would reduce our yearend 2008 capital position by up to $400 million. This change has been taken into account in our capital planning. Finally, rating agencies can change their models at any time. Recent changes actually lowered our required capital for 2008. Some of you may recall that model changes consumed much of the capital we generated during the 2004 to 2006 period, so we are very pleased to see this change in direction. So, as we look forward to yearend 2008 and we assume more businesses perform as expected over the remainder of the year, the S&P ends the year at 1200 and credit spreads widen further, we project that we would still have at least $1.5 billion above our rating agency requirements at the end of the year. Our comfort in The Hartford's capital position was one of the factors that led us to buyback stock during the second quarter. We repurchased $371 million of stock in the open market through the end of June. And in July, we bought back another $129 million, bringing our total open market purchases year-to-date to $500 million. We also issued our first hybrid debt security in the second quarter. The $500 million we raised were used to fund an accelerated share repurchase program. We look at the pairing of the hybrid and the ASR as an efficient tuning of the company's capital structure. So all then, I feel very good about the capital actions we have taken this year and I am confident The Hartford is on a firm capital footing. Tom?
Tom Marra: Thanks Liz. Casey you can open us up to questions. What I would like to ask each caller if you could just limit yourself to one to two questions, so that we can get to everybody. Casey?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question will come from the line of Dan Arita with Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning. I was hoping if we could talk first a little bit about variable annuity GMWB reinsurance capacity. It seems like Hartford was able to use some reinsurance again. Can you talk about the reinsurance market's appetite for the GMWBs?
Tom Marra: Good morning, Darin. It is Tom. We are very pleased to be able to execute this reinsurance trade just recently. As you know, it is not been a wide open field and my guess is going forward it will be available although not abundant would be the way I would put it maybe ask John or Liz if they want to add to that.
Liz Zlatkus: Yes, I would say the reinsurance market hasn't changed that much, Darin, but we are pleased that we executed both this reinsurance treaty as well as the other treaties that we have transacted over the years. And so, as you can see in the Q, we have over 57% of the variable annuity GMWB book basically protected by either reinsurance or long dated customized derivatives. So, we feel really good about having that much of our book locked in and protected over the length and duration of the products. But I wouldn't say that the market has changed much, but we certainly take the opportunity to secure reinsurance when it makes sense.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that is helpful. And then just in terms of thinking about the capital margin, it sounds like it is still at $1.5 billion. Can you help me think about how the decline in the equity market has affected your capital position? I recall you had a slide in our previous Investor Day where a 15% drop in the equity market lead to a $500 million reduction in capital. Now the equity markets are off more than 15% within a 12-month period, and so is that the same, has that had the same effect on your capital position?
Liz Zlatkus: Darin, it is Liz again. First of all, yes, the markets obviously through June, S&P was down about 13%. And as I spoke about, 1200 S&P level, that would be down about 18% from year-end. So, all of that impact that we talked about in terms of the impact on our statutory capital and markets go down is assumed in our capital planning and when we stress test, we are always looking at various market scenarios. So, that $1.5 billion capital margin we would expect at 1200 would include the impacts of the market decline.
Ramani Ayer: Darin, this is Ramani. I would just like to add one thing. It is very hard to give you a formulaic approach to determining capital margin, because we use the most constraining rating agencies for each company and rating agency models are not concretized and static. So, we do the best we can to give you a sense of our capital margin. However, it is very hard to give you precise definitions on it or precise way to model it.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: That is helpful. I was just wondering if there is a difference, if there is a one day drop versus the same drop over an extended period?
Liz Zlatkus: Dan, what I would say is throughout the year if the market is dropping, you have impacts on your statutory capital like carbon compression. Again, that is in our modeling. And then at the end of the year, you look at the market levels at that point in time and you have to stress test it down under the statutory rules. So, I would say it is both, but again, that is included in our statements about our capital position.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you.
Ramani Ayer: Thanks Darin.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Thank you. I have a couple of questions. The first one is on your domestic VA business. Your sales were down 12%. I think you mentioned part of this was because of the market, but it doesn't seem like industry sales are down as much at least on a sequential basis. So, if you could talk about what it is that pressured your sales beyond just the market, was it the new product launch or any other factors? And then secondly, if you could just give us a little bit more color on, you mentioned pricing in the P&C markets more aggressive than before. If you could talk about by your major business lines, you just talked about what you are seeing in the various business lines? That is it.
John Walters: Hey, Jimmy, this is John Walters. I will start off with the answer and then I will turn it over to Neal. On the US VA business, we did anticipate and it was reflected in our guidance that this was going to be a tough quarter for us. As we made two changes, we have made some changes to our wholesaling operation where we combined two different wholesaling forces at the end of the last quarter and in this quarter we came out with a brand new product that combined two existing products into one new product with some new features on it. So, we knew there was going to be some transition difficulties. What we expected was a bit of a slowdown in April and May and then the beginnings of a resurgence as we went through the quarter and that is what we saw. I would say that the results were softer than we had anticipated, because what we didn't anticipate was the weakness in the equity markets, which we think have affected variable annuity sales for the industry as well as us and so, that made the results a little below what our expectations had been. Our sense is that on the industry that, the industry started stronger in April and then got a little slower in the second half of the quarter and that is just I think a result of the equity markets that we are operating in and brokers just having more difficulty putting client's money to work. And I think that is going to continue to be an overhang until this market gets back on its feet and so that is reflected in our guidance for the rest of the year.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Just a follow up on that, your market share in VA has declined for the past five quarters, if I include the second quarter of '08. Do you believe that with the new leaders product you are positioned to grow at least in line with the market or with the overall industry?
John Walters: I do believe that we are
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: For faster or slower?
John Walters: Yes, I do believe that we are positioned to grow at least in line with the industry and our sense is, there is no public information available yet, but our sense is that we probably picked up a little bit of market share in the second half of the quarter. So, our sales were improving while others were not is our expectation for the second half of the quarter. So, we feel good about our competitive position at this point and our ability to perform in line with the market or a little better.
Neal Wolin: Jimmy, on the P&C pricing I would take it by segment. In Personal Lines, as you see for us, pricing up a little bit in the quarter. I'd say as we track the marketplace and competitors, we're seeing more and more of our competitors taking rate increases across the states. But, having said, that's of course still very competitive in the Personal Lines segment. In Small Commercial, our pricing for the quarter was off a bit and I would say that in that segment more and more of our competition, more carriers focused on that segment and some of them really being fairly aggressive on the pricing side and so, that's how we see the Small Commercial space. And in the middle market, pricing still off a fair amount for us, about 7 points in the quarter, but really very, very competitive marketplace in the middle market. I think for us to focus on renewals especially with respect to our highest categories of business and then seeking new business opportunities where we can but through all of that maintaining a constant focus on pricing discipline across all of those segments. We feel very good about that.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Josh Shankar with Citi.
Josh Shankar - Citi: Yes, good morning. I will just try and limit myself to one question for you. Asbestos, why shouldn't we view this charge as a trend and can we dig a little bit into the components of these cases so we can be assured that it is not a trend?
Neal Wolin: So Josh, thanks for the question. It is Neal here. We look at every one of our accounts when we do our yearly asbestos study, so we are looking at over 1000 accounts and some of them move up, some of the move down, and across the whole thing if you net out all the ups and downs, we have taken, as you have seen, a $15 million charge. But, there is nothing secular underneath all that, meaning no trends that have contributed to the ups and downs. It is really just a big netting equation after we have examined in a very granular way each and every one of our accounts in our asbestos book. And so, that's really what got us to the 50.
Ramani Ayer: Josh, this is Ramani. When we do these things, we call these things just in time. That's our anticipation in all of this. So, if there was a trend, we would tell you that. And I do not see that as you look at this quarter's actions, I do not see that in the numbers.
Josh Shankar - Citi: How many cases were composed in this 50 uptick? Or is it an amalgamation of all 1000 cases that have come up 50 higher than you thought?
Neal Wolin: Josh, I think the way to think about it is there are puts and takes, so, some accounts improved from the prior year, some deteriorated. And it is all of that in the mix that got us to the 50. It is not one or two.
Josh Shankar - Citi: I figured I would let someone else ask a question. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Josh Smith with TIAA-CREF.
Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Couple of quick ones. On your investment portfolio marks, it does not seem like you took much in the way of hits on the lower rated more recent vintage stuff. Specifically if I look at your Q on page 127, your 2007 vintage BB and below is only marked at $0.50 on the dollar and yet ABX would describe very little value to that stuff. Am I looking at that the right way? Is that amortized costs? Has that been reduced by any OTTIs or does that not impact amortized costs? That is the question.
Dave Znamierowski: Hey, Josh, it is Dave Znamierowski. Thanks for the question. That is a challenging table to read, so let me dissect your question. First, you cannot take the difference between, look at amortized costs as a percentage of fair value there and compare that value to the ABX indexes, for example. A couple of reasons for that; one is that table includes all the OTTI we have taken, which is approximately on that portfolio roughly in the range of $300 million or so, which disproportionately hit the '06 and '07 vintages. So, for example, we had a par security written down to, say, $0.50 on the dollar on that.
Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF: Okay. So that amortized cost is not original cost, original amortized cost. It is already been knocked down, so okay. That was my question.
Dave Znamierowski: There is one more important characteristic, which is, you cannot compare those columns to the respective ABX indices because the respective ABX indices refer to the original rating of the security at the time of issue. So, for example, an '07 issue BBB minus would be the reference point for an ABX index, not a AAA security that was issued in '07 that may have been downgraded to BBB minus. So, again, the index comparison is also a misleading comparison.
Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF: So, if I want to do that, I have to look up further up on the, have to look higher on the ABX rating then to get equivalent? Is that what you are saying?
Dave Znamierowski: You have got it, so if you look underneath all of these numbers, I am comfortable with the pricing that is in there. If you saw lower quality purchases, you will see that reflected in the underlying numbers. So, I have BBB minus securities at original purchase that are marked at 5 and 6 and 7 in that table.
Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF: Then just one of follow-up question on guidance. Given that you are assuming 9% annualized return for the back half of the year from June 30, I assume there is 2% dividend, 7% stock appreciation. Would you need basically, if the market went up in a straight line, would you need 15% appreciation from these levels? That is how the
Dave Znamierowski: No, we assume from these levels, which is basically June 30, and an annualized return of 9, which is inclusive of dividends, as you mentioned.
Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF: Right, I will follow-up with Kim off-line but, whenever I ran the numbers, it looked like if it was a straight line appreciation of the market you'd need 15% but, I will follow-up with Kim. Thanks.
Dave Znamierowski: Should not be. Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Eric Berg with Lehman Brothers.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much and good morning to everyone. I have a question regarding the outlook for DAC and comments made by Liz. I think at one point in your prepared remarks, Liz, you were saying you provided a fairly large range of potential DAC charges, if I understood the range correctly. But, then you went on to say that DAC as we know can be both written down and written up. So, that left me a little bit confused. Are you saying that it is highly likely there is going to be a DAC charge and that is why you gave us the range? Or are you saying in fact there could be a DAC write up and a DAC benefit?
Liz Zlatkus: Eric, good morning. Thank you for the question. Now based on where we see market levels today, we clearly would expect a DAC charge. We cannot give you the exact amount, because we have not completed our full assumption update and all of the work we need to do that, which will be completed in the third quarter. What I was trying to say with the range is, it is a wide range, but as you look at our actual performance of the markets as a separate account return and you compare that with what we would have expected in some of this is in the Q, on the US side, we are off about 16% and on the Japan side, we are off about 11% against our expectations. You are farther away from your expectations on market returns. You would tend to be higher in the range. Of course in this case, that would be a negative or a charge.
Ramani Ayer: Eric, its Ramani. If I could raise one point, Liz also went on to say that DACs can swing favorably or unfavorably and last year, if you recall, we had an after tax gain of $213 million. That was the point that you might have picked up as maybe signaling something about this quarter. That was related to last year.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Got it, thanks very much. Second and final question relates to the August product launch that I think Tom referenced. Tom, you were saying that this has to do with the deferred bonus. Can you elaborate?
Tom Marra: Yes, John is the expert, but, we are not coming out with a straight deferral bonus, but if folks defer for five years, they can move through the income bands. So in other words if they start at 6%, they can get 6.5% if they wait until the next stage band. John, do you want to give more detail on that?
John Walters: Essentially, Eric, what we have done is, for many of the deferral bonus products that are out there, once you start going on income, you no longer get any increase in your income. What we try to do is, be a little different than that with the way ours works and as long as you wait five years to take your first income amount, then as you go through either step-ups or age bands in the future, your income can still continue to rise. So, that is really the differentiating factor there. We think this will be a differentiating factor that will improve our competitiveness and will work well with the new suite of products that we launched in May.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thank you, John.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I appreciate the change in disclosure on your handout this morning. On DAC, you went through a very good discussion of how it affects the various issues. How does management think about DAC? Specifically does it affect compensation? I know it is a non-cash charge, but to what extent when you take a large DAC charge do you say we have to relook at pricing? I have a follow-up.
Ramani Ayer: Let me address the compensation issue, Bob. This is Ramani and I will have Tom or John address the pricing issue, etcetera. First and foremost on comp, we exclude the DAC charge principally because as you saw last year, we wrote it up and this year it goes the other way and it's a cumulative effect, if you will as you well know with DAC, it is a question of how you amortize the acquisition cost over the expected profits on a lifetime of a cohort of business. And so, it is really moving this issue given the accounting regime from one year to another. So, we really exclude that. It is not reflective of operating performance. But, as far as pricing, I am going to turn it over to Tom and have him talk through.
Tom Marra: Well pricing, like DAC and like our outlook projections assume the 9% market return inclusive of dividends. And also we assume the weighting for the non-equity portion. So, in essence, Bob, we price for a long-term normal market and the vagaries that cause things like DAC write-offs or write-ups are not reflected in day-to-day pricing.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. So, it sounds like you ignore it over the short-term.
Tom Marra: Well, we price for the long-term because these contracts are going to be. They are 20 plus year contracts and short-term GAAP swings positive or negative should not affect our view of long-term markets.
Ramani Ayer: One thing, Bob, I need to refine for you, though, is when I was thinking about the comp issue and thinking about the annual bonus or incentive comp, but when it comes to long-term, the long-term parts of our compensation system, that is all in with respect to book value per share. So, that was an adjustment we made. I cannot recall one or two years ago, maybe two years ago, where we basically moved to long-term compensation on book value per share plus dividends distributed. And there the book value per share includes all charges, everything. It is a final book value per share.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Neal, my follow-up is for you. Now that you are factoring in down frequency in auto for guidance, have your underwriters started to factor it into pricing at all?
Neal Wolin: A little bit. We are saying for the full year that we expect frequency will be pretty flattish, and that is what is basically in our pricing.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I mean, driving mileage was down, I am sure you saw the numbers was down 3% or 4% in May, I believe, the last month we have seen the data. Flat seems like it might be a little bit on the high end. No?
Neal Wolin: I think that is probably right. The question, Bob, is whether the minus 3 or minus 4 in miles driven is on the high end?
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: No, just you are assuming flat frequency for pricing, you said, in the second half.
Neal Wolin: Yes, I think for us we want to see this over a couple of quarters at least, and so we are not going to adjust our frequency picks every quarter before we get a sense of the run rate and of the trend.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. So, just analysts should factor it in, but not underwriters. Thanks.
Tom Marra: I surely would not tell you how to do your job, Bob.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right, thank you.
Neal Wolin: We have got to think where energy prices are going and where they will stabilize, but there is some shift in driving patterns and people are making adjustments.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Thank you.
Tom Marra: Thanks Bob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Johnson with Citadel Investments Group.
Tom Marra: Good morning Dan. Hello.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: I am sorry. Yes all right. So, the question is on stat capital. A couple quarters ago, David Johnson had mentioned that one of the unique characteristics of stat capital math is when the markets went down, the assets did not get impact on a mark-to-market basis, but the hedges did. Can you tell me how the down market, which we are clearly in, has added to your stat capital? And if we were to return to something more like a normal market, what that would do as that impact unwound? Then I have got a DAC question.
Liz Zlatkus: So, Dan, it is Liz. Overall, I think what David was trying to explain is that it is not easy to compare GAAP capital and surplus with statutory. So, there are a variety of things that moved either consistent or inconsistent, whether it'd be interest rates or credit spreads or equity market levels. I will tell you that on average, stat capital does go down when markets go down. So, all in, they are negatively impacted. There are particular items, and again this is just one example like your hedged assets would go up when markets go down. So, conversely when markets go up, those hedged assets would reverse. On the other hand, there are other impacts like carbon compression and things that are negatively impacted by markets going down. I think what is important is, again, I go back to looking at how we plan for our capital and how we stress test it, and we feel good about our capital position in light of both the equity markets today and under some stress scenarios.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: So, maybe it is fair to say that the down markets certainly do not help your stat capital position, but there is a bit of a smoothing effect on the way down. Similarly, there would be a little bit of a smoothing effect on the way up.
Liz Zlatkus: I do not know if I would call it smoothing, but I just think your conclusion is accurate. When markets are down, it negatively impacts stat capital, but it is lumpy, and I wouldn't necessarily call it a smoothing impact.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Okay. The other question then pertains to DAC, and specifically I am looking at L5, the roll-forward schedule on a year-to-date basis. First, a point of clarification. The amortization from realized capital gains about $389 million, is that the DAC add back that comes from a capital loss, or is that actually coming from realized capital gains?
Liz Zlatkus: No, that is what you said at the beginning. It is the offset to realized capital loss.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Got it. Okay. So, if I add that together with the $649 million of also add backs due to the unrealized component, it is about $1 billion that is been added to DAC because of realized or unrealized movements in the investment portfolio. Well, I understand the accounting, but help me with the implications on go forward earnings as we eventually run this $1 billion back out of the balance sheet and into the income statement? And if you can also add on how the impact from the DAC charge assuming it is let's say in the middle of your range, how will that impact go forward earnings as well? Thank you.
Liz Zlatkus: Hey, so, Dan, the first thing I am going to tell you is that I can't give you specifics, but what I would say is when you are increasing your DAC balances you mentioned because of our investment losses, then over time you are going to have more amortization, obviously because, you still have to amortize the total amount over the life of the book. Conversely, with the anticipated DAC charge in the third quarter again, we cannot tell you the number but it will be a charge, that would decrease DAC balance and so, therefore that would decrease amortization over the life of the contracts. How those numbers interplay in terms of the impact on amortization in '08 and '09 we will not be able to tell you until we do our DAC unlock, because it depends on the pattern of estimated gross profits and how they impact the current years versus future years. But, suffice to say I think directionally as you were looking at it, one increases amortization, because we wrote-up DAC and one would decrease the amortization.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: The $1 billion, that is going to get amortized over the life or the expected life of the products, not really over anything that would relate to the life of the assets that generated the capital or realized or unrealized loss?
Liz Zlatkus: That is correct.
Tom Marra: Yes, I would just say obviously that goes into the DAC and then you are going to have a DAC unlock event is what you said in the third quarter and then you will have amortization from there on. So, some of it presuming we are right and there is going to be a significant DAC unlock would be reflected in that process as well.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tom Marra: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Just wanted to touch on the capital margin for a minute. When we step back and think what you are incorporating in that, are you factoring unrealized losses at all into that calculation or is it just impairment? That is the first part. And the reason I ask that is, I would be curious how you all would look at let's say the pool of bonds that are now trading below 50% of par that are still on the unrealized category, it is $650 million or so. Is that something that you are actually factoring into capital planning in terms of those potentially getting impaired in the future? Thanks.
Liz Zlatkus: Tom, its Liz. First of all, the way that impairments would impact our statutory capital position, the rules for impairments under statutory are different than under GAAP. That is the first thing I would say. And as I mentioned in my comments, while there is a proposal out there that would change the rules for statutory impairments and would actually increase them and we have talked about that, if the proposal was enacted, it would decrease our capital position by $400 million and that clearly is in our capital planning. In addition to that, as we look out into the future and we stress our capital, we do look to how impairments that we have taken and how we look at our portfolios would run through the stat numbers because again there is a big difference between stat and GAAP. But, I would make a final comment and that is related to just how we think about impairments from the GAAP basis and your comment about the below 50%, and I can turn it over to Dave Z. But, as of June 30 when we looked at the securities, we do feel that everything that is in unrealized is recoverable. We have done a lot of stress tests over that and we have both the ability and the intent to hold those assets until recovery. So, I think we stand by what is unrealized and only when we can't meet those tests, do we impair for GAAP.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Liz, just a quick follow-up if I could. The proposal on the stat accounting, is that somehow going to factor in unrealized losses on structured securities or what exactly is going to occur there?
Liz Zlatkus: Sure, Tom, let me give you a little bit more color on that. So for structured securities under GAAP, we take a GAAP impairment to fair value of the discounted cash flows are less than book value. Under the current rules for statutory use undiscounted cash flow testing to determine if the security is impaired, and if it is impaired, just under an undiscounted method, you write it down just to the on discounted level. The change that is a proposal, again, it has not been enacted yet, but the change would make stat more comparable to GAAP. You would use discounted cash flows and if you failed the test, you would mark it to fair value.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. So, no change based on mark-to-market or anything along those lines? This just has to do with cash flow impairment.
Liz Zlatkus: I would say that the tests would be more similar, more statutory and GAAP under the new proposal for structured securities.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Liz Zlatkus: Sure.
Operator: And your last question will come from the line of Al Copersino with Madoff Investments.
Al Copersino - Madoff Investments: Thanks very much. I have two related questions for Liz, just quick ones. You've all given us the estimated average diluted shares for the full year. I am just wondering if you wouldn't mind giving us your estimate, and I know it can only be an estimate for the diluted share count for the third quarter just because there is the ASR out there. And that's my second and related question is, are there any other changes to the share count or any other factor we should think about as a result of the ASR?
Liz Zlatkus: Good morning. So, how we looked at our guidance, we are using our guidance using a $308 million share count and that would really include what I would call the full billion dollar buyback both the $500 million ASR as well as the open market purchases both through the end of the quarter as well as the open market purchases in July. So, I think that is your question. As far as the ASR work, again, we got shares originally under the ASR program, but we would expect that if at prices today of our stock that we would get back an additional or we would buyback an additional $1 million shares when the ASR is completed. So, that is included in that $308 million share count.
Al Copersino - Madoff Investments: Okay. Thanks, Liz.
Liz Zlatkus: Sure.
Ramani Ayer: Operator, do we have any more questions?
Operator: And we have no further questions.
Ramani Ayer: Well, then I am going to bring this call to a close. I would like to remind you that we are hosting an Investor Day in Japan this fall and that event is scheduled for September 10 and we look forward to sharing a deeper look at our international operations with you at that time. So, I want to really bring this call to a close by saying that the second quarter from our standpoint represents strong operating execution with very good underwriting profitability in Property-Casualty, good execution in Life. Our AUM really is up 3% year-on-year and we have also executed and completed our $1 billion share repurchase and in the face of volatile capital markets, our realized capital losses have moderated. So all in, we feel good about how the quarter turned out. I want to thank you for this call and we look forward to joining you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ramani Ayer  Chief Executive Officer Thomas M. Marra  President, Chief Operating Officer Neal S. Wolin  President, Chief Operating Officer David M. Johnson  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer John C. Walters  Co-Chief Operating Officer Lizabeth H. Zlatkus  Co-chief Operating Officer David M. Znamierowski  Chief Investment Officer Kim Johnson  Investor Relations
Analysts: Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Alain Karaoglan  Banc of America Joshua Shanker  Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Gary Ransom  Fox-Pitt, Kelton Inc. Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlleney Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch Nivel Dally  Morgan Stanley Andrew Kligerman  UBS Warburg LLC Charlie Gates  Credit Suisse Joss Smith  TIAA Chris Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt, Kelton Inc. Al Coppersino  Maddox Investments
Kim Johnson: Please note that we will make certain statements during this call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about the Hartfords future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our quarterly report on Form 10Q for the quarter ended March 31st, 2008, our 2007 annual report on Form 10K, and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation which speaks as of todays date. The discussion in this presentation of The Hartfords financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures is provided in the investor financial supplement for the first quarter of 2008 and our press release we issued yesterday, and in the investor relations section of The Hartfords website at www.thehartford.com. Now Id like to turn it over to The Hartfords chairman and CEO, Ramani Ayer.
Ramani Ayer: Thank you, Kim. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Ill open up our discussion today and turn it over to Tom Marra, who will provide more colour on our first quarter operating performance, and well conclude with David Johnsons comments on our investment portfolio, our 2008 outlook, and capital position before we open up for Q&A. Moving to our results. As you know, credit and equity markets were very challenging in the first quarter. As a result, our results were impacted above and below the line. Our first quarter net income of $145 million reflected a total of $648 million in net realized capital losses. At the same time we were generally pleased with how well the company operating businesses performed during the quarter. Quarter earnings per share came in at a solid $2.51. As Tom will describe in more detail, our property and casualty operations had an excellent quarter driven by disciplined risk selection and successful retention initiatives. Underwriting income proved to be stronger than we had expected with a combined ratio of 87.8, a full point better than the prior year quarter. On the life side we continued to execute on critical initiatives to expand our earning space. We grew assets by 10% over the last year driven by our mutual funds and retirement plans businesses. Strong execution over the last four quarters drove The Hartfords core earnings ROE well above targeted levels at a healthy 17.8%. On the other hand, our net income ROE was lower due in large part to the realized capital losses we incurred in the first quarter. The capital losses came from two primary sources: impairments and other losses in our investment portfolio, as well as our transition to a new accounting standard  SFAS 157. The SFAS 157 charge was $220 million, which was within our estimated range. David Johnson will walk you through the other components of the net realized loss later in the call. Now, recognizing that we have taken significant losses in our $94 billion investment portfolio over the past two quarters we remain comfortable with the overall portfolio. Our investments are well diversified and of high quality, and over 80% of the portfolio consists of fixed maturities of which more than 95% are investment grade or high-quality government securities. The general spread widening seen in fixed income securities in the first quarter also caused our investment portfolios net unrealized loss position to increase, moving from $500 million at the end of 2007 to about $2 billion at the end of the first quarter. Now, as fixed-income investors we expect to periodically experience volatility in the value of our holdings. This volatility can emerge from movements in both interest rates and credit spreads. Despite the unprecedented dislocations we have experienced in the fixed-income markets we remain comfortable with our ABS, CMBS, and CLO positions. While we will continue to monitor these securities we believe that the impairments (inaudible) fully exceed the (inaudible) losses we will experience. Since the end of the first quarter weve been pleased to see spreads coming in improve liquidity in many credit market sectors. At the same time the spreads have tightened treasury rates have increased and to date these two trends have roughly offset each other in our investment portfolio. What is most important to me is the favourable spread movements we have seen in the asset classes that have been hit the hardest since the middle of 2007. Our financial position remains excellent. Book value per share ex. AOCI increased 8% over the last 12 months to $63.79. Our balance sheet is very strong. Our $1.5 billion capital margin is in place and we have significant debt capacity. As I look forward I am particularly excited about our new developments in our US VA business. This is a competitive market with a focus on product. I dont want to take away from Toms comments, but Im enthusiastic about our US VA product launch next week. I believe our team has developed a competitive offering with enhanced lifetime income benefits and investment options. So all in, Im very confident in the fundamentals of our businesses, our market positions, and our ability to manage through this volatile period. With that, Im going to turn this over to Tom to provide additional details.
Thomas M. Marra: Before getting started Id like to review my agenda, which is slightly different this quarter. I intend to cover the highlights of our property, casualty, and life results including the topics of greatest interest to investors. Im not planning to comment on every business. Our press release and 10Q have a lot of good information on each of our segments. We have also included a summary slide on each segment in the appendix to this presentation. Turning to slide four, In P&C I am pleased to report very strong results for the first quarter with core earnings of $426 million. Our ongoing operations delivered excellent underwriting income with outstanding combined ratios in each segment. We benefited from benign weather and some favourable prior year development. On the other hand, net investment income was lower this quarter due to losses in partnerships and alternative investments. P&C net written premiums were $2.6 billion in the first quarter, 1% below last year. We grew policies and force in personal lines, small commercial and middle market over the past year. Good retention has helped us with our policy growth. Were pleased with the results of our retention initiatives, especially in middle market where we see three consecutive quarters of increases. Our first quarter ongoing operations combined ratio was 87.8 including 1.5 points of cap losses. I believe thats a very good result, especially considering recent industry trends. A number of items affected the quarter, including 2 points of favourable prior year development. Every one of our P&C segments delivered above target combined ratios. To reflect this quarters strong results and our forecast for the rest of the year we have improved our combined ratio outlooks for ongoing operations, small commercial and middle market. One are that has been of interest to investors is personal lines loss cost trends. In the first quarter auto frequency was close to flat. As we looked to the rest of the year we expect frequency to be stable and severity to increase, all resulting in moderately higher loss costs. In response we continue to make rate adjustments and refine our pricing models. We also continue to expand our distribution in an effort to broaden our market access and to fuel new business. In personal lines we are on track to add 1,000 new agents this year. In small commercial we added 175 agents in the first quarter while continuing our efforts to deepen our ties with existing producers. Both property and cash (inaudible) competition is intense with new business difficult to come by. As we look to the remainder of 2008 we think competition will remain strong and, based on our first quarter results and our expectations for the rest of the rest of the year, we are reducing our written premium outlook for ongoing operations, personal lines, and specialty commercial. In summary, our P&C operations had a very good quarter. We had great underwriting results driven by strong execution in very good accident year combined ratios. As we look to the remainder of this year we are confident we have the right initiatives in place to strengthen our position in the market while delivering good returns to our shareholders. Our life highlights are highlighted on slide 5. Life operations had a good quarter in the face of increased competition in challenging markets. Core earnings for the quarter were $393 million. Lower equity markets, negative returns on alternative investments, and unfavourable mortality all contributed to core earnings coming in a bit lighter than we had hoped. With that said, our underlying earnings drivers remained intact. We continue to accumulate assets as reflected by $1.8 billion of net flows in the first quarter. Additionally, total life insurance in force continues to grow, increasing 9% in the last year. At the end of the quarter life operations total assets under management rose 10% to $370 billion. That increase was roughly split between organic growth in the $19 billion of assets we added through our retirement plans acquisitions. Moving on to slide 6. Our domestic VA business was impacted by weak equity markets and increased competition. While we cant turn the tide on equity returns, we are taking action to improve our competitive position. As Ramani mentioned, next week we are introducing a new VA product which combines our Hartford leaders and Hartford director M products. The new product offers a strong investment line up of 81 investment options from 12 leading asset management companies. We also offer enhanced lifetime income withdrawal benefits, including a full annual step option. In March we combined our leaders and director M wholesaler teams to create the single largest wholesaler force in the industry to support this new product launch. With 175 wholesalers well be able to deepen our penetration across all channels. Of course, it will take a few months for these product and distribution changes to gain traction. We believe we will see deposits increase in the second half of the year and we are maintaining our full-year net flow outlook. In Japan we reported first quarter variable annuity deposits of $944 million, slightly below our previous guidance. There are two factors that contributed to lower sales. First, we estimate that industry VA sales were down year over year by over 25% due to the weaker equity markets in Japan. Second, we are seeing a higher degree of competition. We anticipate that these market factors will continue for the remainder of the year. As a result, we are lowering our full-year outlook for deposits and net flows as noted in our earnings release. Our assets under management in Japan has held up better than one would have expected because of the mix of assets underlying the annuities. Our Japanese VAs hold a mix of Japanese and global equities and Japanese and global bonds. So while the NEK (sic) was down over 27% in the 12 months ended March 31st the account values of our Japan VAs fell about 10% on average. Another factor contributing to our AUM stability is lower surrender activity. While this is a good thing for the company over the long term, it will reduce 2008 fee income. The reduced fee income combined with the effective lower equity markets and net flows are pressuring our return on assets. In response, we are lowering our ROA outlook for the year. We remain confident in the long-term market outlook and in our business strategy for Japan. We will continue to leverage our product distribution capabilities and build on our recognized leadership and brand. Later this year we look forward to expanding our product portfolio with the new VA product and we also expect to introduce mutual funds. Now turning to slide 7. I want to talk about the progress we made this quarter in our retirement plans group. We closed the three acquisitions that we announced to you in December. These acquisitions bring with them broader access to the defined benefit and defined contribution markets. We have reflected benefits of broader access with an increase in our guidance on full-year deposits. These acquisitions also provide us with capabilities and skills necessary to offer a full array of customer services. Weve now begun the process of integrating these acquisitions and we expect to complete it by the end of 2009. With these acquisitions we have enhanced our product mix to include a significant mutual funds base 401K portfolio. To reflect this business mix change, as well integration expenses, we have reduced our 2008 return on asset outlooks to 17 to 19 basis points. Over the longer term we expect ROAs to be in the low- to mid-20s. Our retail mutual fund business continues to perform exceptionally well. Deposits in the first quarter reached a record $4 billion, 9% higher than a year ago. The keys to our success in this business continue to be strong fund performance, increased productivity from a seasoned wholesaling force, and improved diversification from fund sales. Im really pleased with how weve built this business. In February The Hartford mutual funds were recognized by Barons (sp) for outstanding fund performance. The Hartford mutual funds was the number one rated fund family in US equities for 2007. We also ranked in the top five out of 67 fund families for the one, five, and 10-year periods. In summary, our life operations had a pretty good first quarter with good core earnings and growth in AUM. As we look to the long term we like the businesses were in and are optimistic about the opportunities afforded by the markets we compete in. With that, Id like to turn it over to David Johnson. David?
David M. Johnson: Thank you, Tom. Turning to page eight, it summarizes net realized capital losses for the quarter. Most of these were anticipated and disclosed to investors in February. Our SFAS 157 adjustment came in at the lower end of our two to three hundred million dollar range at $220 million. Impairments were similar in amount to the fourth quarter at $191 million after tax and GAAP (sic). The largest piece was roughly $75 million in CMBS where there have been major drops in price, but no deterioration in cash flows to date. In the quarter we impaired to market value those CMBS securities where our modelling showed a potential cash flow problem in the event of a major recession. Credit derivatives also again caused pain. Accounting for about $100 million of the $111 million lost in the bottom row under Other. I am pleased to report that we took some decisive steps in the quarter to reduce this volatility, exiting or offsetting entirely our exposure to CMBS indexes and substantially reducing our exposure to general corporate CDS. This should materially reduce the volatility from this investment category in the future. Housekeeping note: For investors who are looking for the appendix slides that we often provide in the morning showing our marks by asset class, all of these tables are now in the 10Q on pages 102 through 106. Turn to page nine. You will recall that in January we told you that based on US equity markets alone we were at the bottom of our old guidance range and that partnership investment in particular offered risk to our forecast. Unfortunately, all of that came to pass. We are reducing our guidance by roughly $0.65. Page nine highlights the drivers. Our original guidance assumed roughly $60 million pre-tax, pre-GAAP of partnership income each quarter. We are now assuming half of that, $30 million, per quarter for the last nine months of the year. We obviously did worse than that in the first quarter. The second biggest driver is the effective equity markets on USB income; roughly $0.05 a quarter reduction. This is based solely on drawing a 9% annualized market growth trend line from an S&P of $13.23, the mark on March 31st. This is clearly arbitrary and hopefully offers some up side. If the market appreciated at an annualized rate of 9% from its current level through the balance of the year this could add $0.06 or $0.07. Lower fixed-income yields are principally an issue on the P&C side where crediting rates dont offset reductions in income. Here the largest driver is the portion of our investments held in short-term and variable rate investments. This isnt a huge part of our portfolio, but one- and three-month LIBOR are down over two points from the time we put our budgets together. Others include a variety of items, the most material of which is the effect of volatile markets on our outlook in Japan. Id like to conclude with a few comments on capital. Since 2003 we have worked hard to build The Hartfords capital strength. Despite the turbulence of the last nine months, The Hartford remains in a very strong position. We would need to see a further dramatic deterioration in market conditions from what weve seen to date for us to need to raise additional capital. At the end of the quarter our capital margin of at $1.5 billion of statutory capital remains very well protected. We have several billion dollars of debt capacity and $500 million in our stand-by hybrid capital facility. And finally, many of our operations, particularly P&C, continue to generate strong statutory capital close despite the markets. Its important to note that not all GAAP charges reduce statutory capital. Our SFAS 157 transition charge obviously had no stat impact. Also, rating agency model changes this year look more likely to be position to our capital position than negative, which is a welcome change from the past. In our hedging program, which largely offset the GAAP losses in volatile markets, is a positive to our statutory position, particularly in moderately depressed equity markets since the hedge assets go up in value without an offsetting stat liability loss. The bottom line is, based on where we sit today our financial position still gives us the capacity to buy back a billion dollars of our stock at year end, should we decide to do so, while still maintaining all the margins I just described. Ramani.
Ramani Ayer: Thank you, David. Before we go into Q&A, I want to remind investors that this will be Davids last conference call as CFO. I want to thank David for his outstanding service to The Hartford and also our investors. David, we wish you the very best.
David M. Johnson: Thank you, Ramani.
Ramani Ayer: As we announced in February, Ms. Zlatkus will officially take over the reins of CFO on May 1st and I look forward to working with her in this capacity and have no doubt shell be very successful in this new role. Operator, you may now open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Well pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you. Good morning. First question just with regards to GAAP. If youre to complete your annual GAAP analysis based on where the markets are today what level of after-tax charge would we likely be looking at? Second question, on SFAS 157, pre-tax impact was $650 million; the after-tax impact was $220 million. It implies you received a substantial GAAP offset. Does that mean we should expect GAAP amortization to be higher in the future following those charges? And then last question, on your new variable annuity product, what will be the cost of the rider and how does that compare to your all-inclusive hedging on the new hidden benefit guarantees?
Thomas M. Marra: Nigel, its Tom. Let me just clarify this for a minute. I think well start in reverse order. Were excited about the new VA product. Its actually two different products. John will walk you through those. Then well just immediately turn it over to David.
John C. Walters: All right. Good morning, Nigel. On the new product, first of all I just want to reiterate what Tom mentioned earlier. Not only do we have new riders in the marketplace but we also have a new product in the marketplace that combines our historical leaders and direct our product into one product with 12 asset managers anchored by The Hartford funds, American funds, and Franklin Templeton. So we think that will be a highly competitive product offering. The new riders, theres two of them. One is an enhancement of our existing lifetime income builder rider called lifetime income builder selects. That will be priced at 55 basis points. The second is lifetime income builder portfolios, which is a full annual reset product with required asset allocation, and that will be priced at 65 basis points. We think that the pricing on these riders is both competitive and in line with what we expect the long-term hedging cost to be on these products. In any particular quarter the hedging costs may be higher or lower based on current market volatility, but we think this is consistent with what we expect the long-term view to be.
David M. Johnson: And Ill take the GAAP questions, Nigel. First, from where we stand today I think we would still stay with the estimate we made in the January call, which is if we were to do the GAAP study today it would probably be an impact of $200 million to $400 million. In terms of the impact of SFAS 157, complex when you look at whats really in some ways a geography move of the emergence of profitability from core income to the emergence of profitability in realized gain over time, which is effectively what SFAS 157 does. I think the answer is that it will not have a material impact changing the amortization rates. Given the technicality of the question, were going to check into that and do some more research and get back to you if its a different answer.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley: That would be great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlleney: Good morning. Dave, I want to wish you well. How much of your $7 of AOCI negative is matched with the reduction of life liabilities versus being a real loss of value?
David M. Johnson: Well, for GAAP purposes 
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlleney: I know.
David M. Johnson: -- it doesnt show. So you would, are you asking 
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlleney: Im asking, theres a problem with GAAP that we mark the assets to market and dont mark the liabilities to market. Im asking for a little bit of help on whats the real loss versus the accounting loss?
David M. Johnson: Youd have to put it into three pieces, which Ill give you conceptually. Im not sure we can give you a crisp answer because it really does almost go to an actuarial or a fair value type view. Theres the piece of it thats in life and the piece of its thats in P&C and then theres also in each of those buckets the amounts thats reflected by a value change driven by interest rates of short-term changes in spreads. Then theres the piece that might ultimately be reflected in an economic loss. Conceptually, if weve done our duration matching correctly and appropriately positioned the assets versus the liabilities, absent an economic loss it should all be reasonably closely matched. I guess in the end what youre asking is what aspect of that AOCI piece might not ultimately be recovered until we have a true economic loss where we dont recover principle and interest. I would say, and Ill turn this over to Dave Znamierowski for further gloss, that we would expect most of the depression in the investment marks to date to come back and not be reflected in an alternate economic loss. Dave, do you have any further comments on that?
David M. Znamierowski: Yeah, I would add two pieces to that. One is that you would have to consider the portion of the life book that effectively has adjustable credited rates and what percentage of loss could ultimately be passed on there. The other component is, I would steer you toward looking at the impairments as an upper boundary with respect to the economic losses that were looking at. That, frankly, viewed over time, our best guestimate would suggest that only some percentage of those impairments will manifest themselves as economic losses. I would not look at the total unrealized. I would look towards impairments as giving you a better boundary on that.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlleney: You took it a little different way. I imagine the book value for a (inaudible) writer is a bit misleading and irrelevant. If theres a corresponding, it may be more of a second quarter phenomenon where the movement is interest rates versus impairments driving the marks. Ill follow this up with Kim off line. I guess the second follow up question would be, with the benefit of hindsight, you guys have been a very opportunistic spread player and Ive always had a lot of respect for when you put your foot on the gas pedal and when you havent. With the benefit of hindsight, were we a little too aggressive growing spread businesses in the last couple years? More importantly, is this a good time to be growing spread business with all we know today?
Thomas M. Marra: Let me start that out and then Ill just invite any of my colleagues to join in. This is Tom, Bob. This is an important business for us. Its a business that, as you alluded to in your prior question, we do run a strict duration matching approach to assets and liabilities. We look for and build into the pricing a level of credit losses that I think over the long period weve been able to manage. The other thing is, we price on a daily basis. Were not trying to lure business in certain cycles and then try to make it up with higher spreads later on. We stay consistent from a margin-management standpoint. Over the long haul its worked out about to the average credit default that weve looked to. Certainly over the short run its not necessarily been as lucrative for us, but Id say, whos to know? No one knows the type of environment youre going to face if youre on a daily-basis-pricing business.
John C. Walters: Bob, its John. I would just add a couple of points to that. First of all, clearly with the benefit of hindsight we would have adjusted our investment portfolio to support this business differently. We made some decisions relative to how the investment portfolio was constructed that didnt anticipate the current market environment. Weve looked at that and I think we understand that very well. On a go-forward basis we are still in the marketplace. We remain opportunistic about the way that we think about it. The good news is that weve got attractive yields to work with today. The down side is, in terms of the competitive environment, that people who are not spread lenders but instead really need the funding, and so theyre in the structure of note market to gain operating funding, are more aggressive right now than we are. We are seeing it as a very competitive environment to issue new spread-based product right now.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlleney: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Spehar with Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning. I had a few questions. First, I was wondering if you could comment on one of the new products. I think you said that there was a required asset allocation. I guess, is that a product where money will be moved into some type of fixed-income fund if the markets sound? And if thats correct, I think there has been a little push back on those type of products as customers perhaps dont understand how that money can be moved out of the equity market maybe when perhaps theyre at a low level. The second question is on ascribed fees. Could you help us understand or think about what portion of your fees are the ascribed fees for the DMWB (sic) liability and are you fully hedging new business right now or are you being more tactical because of whats going on with longer term volatility.
John C. Walters: Okay, Ed. Thank you. Its John Walters and then Ill turn it over to Liz on some of the risk issues. On the required asset allocation the short answer is no. We dont have what we would call dynamic allocation where youre moving people in and out of the asset classes based on what the performance is. These are more static portfolios. They can be funds of funds portfolios. They can also be existing asset allocation funds that we offer or some combination of funds that gets to a certain equity exposure. We do not offer and do not have plans to offer one that has the dynamic allocation as youre describing.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Ed, as prescribed fees Im going to give you a kind of broader answer to your question, but I think it will cover a lot of ground that people ask. So if you think of scribed fees, Id look at it this way. Scribed fees are new cohorts clearly have risen, as you know, for several reasons. Number one, we have additional market inputs to buy the liabilities, such as longer data volatility. Weve had a drop in interest rates and overall theres been a cost increase in implied volatility. And then you add to that SFAS 157, which adds risk margins to the calculation. Now, if were right about our assumptions these margins would (inaudible) over time, but they would come through realized gains and losses. Bottom line, if market conditions remain the same for a sustained period of time wed have to raise our prices on new business, so clearly well watch that. Overall, scribed fees, our ROA guidance remains the same, so the impact on our overall imports focus is very minimal. As to are we fully hedging or not, weve been fortunate that weve been hedging and bringing (inaudible) for five years, so weve been able to lock in very favourable prices for a very long dated protection over that period of time, both with re-insurance and complex derivative transactions. So weve been able to lock in very favourable prices. Now, we still have some shore to dated options and we try to be opportunistic, but obviously we also have some roles because we want to remain fully hedged. I would say we try to be opportunistic as well as watching market conditions. If you look at overall our hedging portfolio compared to our overall in force book of variable annuities, rider fees, and base contracts, were very comfortable with the profitability of the book.
Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch: Could I follow up in that, I think on the last call you were a little bit more specific about the scribed fee issue and I think it would be helpful for us if we could get a little bit more of a sense in terms of basis points so we can at least arrange so we can think about how close we are to the point where it would make sense to have to raise prices.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: You know, if you look at, I would say the biggest increase from that kind of 15, 16 basis point range you might have remembered us talking about not that long ago to really in the kind of 50 to 70 basis point range, most of thats due to the change in market conditions. Obviously, if market conditions go back to that of a year ago, youd see those come down. Now, of course theres also the added margin in SFAS 157 and thats not going to come back unless, as I said, were right about our assumptions and that will come back over time through realized gains and losses. If youre looking in that kind of higher range, that kind of 50 to70 basis points from a GAAP income core earnings stand point if it stays there for a long period of time youd start to see a drag on ROAs.
Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch: I guess the question is, I know that the product your selling is different than if we just look at the in force. If we looked at that increase thats like almost a 30 basis point after-tax increase, everything else held equal, for a business that right now is in a mid-50s after-tax ROA. It would seem that would suggest marginal returns on new business at least in the last couple quarters are I guess potentially single digits.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: You know, I would say were still comfortable that the marginal returns are very comfortable. Again, remember, this is kind of a geography issue. Some of it after taking it out of core earnings, remember, and again, if were right about our assumptions, there was kind of added margins of 157 are going to come through realized gains and losses. And again, the overall impact on the (inaudible) is very low. To your point, you just looked at business written next quarter its a bit challenged. But then if you look at business that was written several years ago we had excess margins. So we price this business over a long period of time, were watching the capital markets conditions, and if we think were at a new step change then I think the industry is going to have to look at pricing. But were still comfortable were earning an acceptable returning.
Ramani Ayer: Ed, dont forget the comment that Liz made where a lot of our protections are longer in duration, so therefore we have locked in both capital market solutions as well as re-intern solutions, longer protections on a significant chunk of our business. So thats an important point as you connect the dots here.
Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS Warburg LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot. Good morning. In looking at the sizable unrealized losses in the quarter and then just taking a look at some of the impairments, I thought maybe you could give me clarity around a few items and then Ill have a follow up on the variable annuity area. You had $119 million in impairments on CMBS. I think you had about $0.9 billion of fair value in lower credit retrenched CMBS CBOs. So that would leave you with about $0.8 billion. The question on that, where are you at in terms of potential unrealized losses there, potential charges? Same thing, I was looking at page 99 of 10Q and it looks like youve got CBSs with an unrealized loss of $311 million. Whats unusual about it is its got a CCC+ average credit rating. So whats the possibility that that comes down? And then just to kind of wrap up on the investments, about 20% of your fixed maturities or close to 90% of your shareholders equity is represented by CMBSs. What was the thinking that went into it? And then I just have a variable annuity question to follow up. Maybe you could give me some colour, because Im concerned that maybe there will be some charges to come going forward. I know Ramani had indicated he feels very confident, but looking at these figures gets me rather concerned.
Ramani Ayer: David Znam, do you want to take the question?
David M. Znamierowski: Sure. Andrew, let me take this in each of its pieces. First on the CMBS side, you noted correctly that we took $119 million impairment charge against two components of the portfolio. The first was the CRE CDO portfolio and, secondly, some CMBS losses. I would tell you that we, to evaluate it, Andrew, this entire portfolio for a potential loss is part of our impairment development process. We effectively go through every security in the general account. In doing that, with this particular part of the portfolio what we did is we ran a stress case. We run a lot of different cases on these portfolios, but we ran a stress case, as David referred to earlier, that has real estate prices down anywhere between, depending on property type, 20% to 35% in flat rents over a very long horizon. So Id say it was a very high degree stress case. In that case we ran the approximately $900 million in book value CMBS CRE portfolio through it and the only losses that we could generate, economic losses we could generate in that scenario were on these particular securities. So $100 million of that $119 million is attributable to what is about $200 million in book value of CRE CDOs. The remaining $19 million is principally a charge that weve taken, again using the same kind of scenario analysis in our CMBS portfolio where weve got a concentration of multi-family units where weve seen not a change in loss rates, because loss rates are still infinitesimally low, but when we run it through this scenario combined with the fact that weve seen some peek in delinquencies, a spike in delinquencies, we took another $19 million there. So I think that covers the CMBS.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS Warburg LLC: And then $0.8 billion remains on that thats the fair value now, on this CMBS CDOs with the mezzanine underlying collateral? Is that whats left?
David M. Znamierowski: Yes, roughly. And again, what I would emphasize is that weve taken impairments on the CRE CDOs that have one either lower levels of subordination or combinations of lower levels of subordination and more recent vintage collateral. So if you looked at that portfolio in total, Andrew, what you would find is the average vintage year of the underlying collateral on the securities that we took marks was between probably 2005 and 2006. The remaining securities in that portfolio have an average vintage year of the collateral of 2002. So a very substantial difference that I hope demarks the line between where we took impairments and where we did not. On the CDS side the 311 negative impaired value that you see is part of the broader, I would call it a basket trade where we have certain slices of corporate risk. Thats on a zero to three piece where we take the first 3% of losses on the notional basket. Importantly, though, as you look at that 311 number, and theres no way that you would know this from the financials, we received an up-front payment on that of about $200 million. So if you net that against the 311 were actually down about 111. To Davids earlier point, we took some very significant actions with this portfolio in the last quarter. You saw a meaningful amount of volatility in the P&L there as a result of taking credit risk in derivative form. Going forward its not our intent to do that anymore because it creates a lot of uncertainty with respect to earnings projections. So weve probably taken that volatility down by roughly 75%. I would expect going forward well continue to whittle that down. In terms of overall fixed maturities, CMBS is a big part of the portfolio. Youre right, weve been investing in CMBS really since the mid-1990s when we saw the emergence of that market. Its a surrogate for a whole-loan portfolio for The Hartford. We had not been a whole-loan investor and this was our way of being in that market effectively. Weve got a very good team that I have a high level of confidence in and who do a high level of underwriting on that portfolio. I think that gives you the historical reason for it.
Thomas M. Marra: Andrew, its Tom. Ive just been handed a note that we have a pretty big cue, so were going to ask people to stay to one question and, Andrew, if you could do your VA question real quick wed appreciate it.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS Warburg LLC: Okay, yeah. Maybe just give a little more colour around the GMWB hedging. Is there any breakage? I assume that derivative charge of $41 million is something different than the typical breakage around the hedging and is that in the SFAS 157 and where do you see it going forward in terms of losses, gains, etcetera, in the volatile market that were in.
David M. Johnson: Andrew, as you probably noted in our disclosure, roughly two-thirds to three-quarters of that was not breakage in the hedge program, i.e. ineffectiveness of the hedge assets moving in lock-step with the modelled liability. We get a mortality study in the quarter that just tweaked up a little bit the anticipated lives of the annuitants and that had a fair value impact of about $76 million pre-tax, pre-GAAP, which was about 80 and $1 million pre-tax, pre-GAAP, which is about three-quarter of it. So the smaller portion was the actual hedging effectiveness and that was, both the liability and asset were valued pursuant to SFAS 157 in the quarter. So the mortality study was not driven by SFAS 157, but the amount of ineffectiveness that you saw in the P&O was calculated under the new rules of 157.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS Warburg LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Good morning. Im going to have two quick ones on the life side and then Charlie Gates has one on the P&C side.
Thomas M. Marra: Okay, were trying to move things along.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Theyll be real quick, I promise.
Thomas M. Marra: Go ahead.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: The first one is about new disclosure about level three securities, $18 billion. I noticed there that it looks like the AOCI is about half of your AOCI loss, about a billion dollars. Is it fair to say that because theres less transparency in those assets that auditors are pushing you to use more conservative marks here? That was my first question.
David M. Johnson: Sure. The disclosure on level three is required by SFAS 157 and were proud to have our Q out today so you can see the new disclosure, as can be required for everybody in the first quarter. No, I would say level three marks are not, were not being pushed to more conservatism by auditors on a level three. We are being pushed on all of our investments to increasing rigor given the complexity of the market and the fact that in level three you dont have observable input. So I would say the documentation burden and the level of analysis that documentation supports is definitely up as weve gone through the last nine months. We welcome that and are working very closely with our auditors. We feel very comfortable that the rigor and analysis in our evaluation is definitely up to market standards.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just quick one on Japan. I guess there was commentary that competition is intense there, but also that the overall markets going to be down. Just based on the level of the decline in your guidance is down, lets call it roughly 40%, it would seem that its more of a competition than a market issue. Is that fair or maybe you can give us a little colour there.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Yeah, why dont I give you a little colour. I think several things happened. Ill kind of look at the quarter and then how we do what were doing about it. Then our outlook. So Interjection eh quarter, impacted FIEL did range throughout the quarter, as we told you, and, as Tom mentioned, the markets were very volatile. We did see competition increase somewhat more than we expected. So we had about eight new products alone in the first quarter were introduced. So it set a pace thats much faster than we had expected. So what you really have is kind of a shrinking market right now which we do think will change when markets rebound, coupled with intense competition. That obviously challenges our sales for the second quarter. What are we doing about it? Well, just like in 2006 when the sales declined, were taking a lot of action. Were adding distribution. We recently reached agreement with one of the largest distributors of annuities to launch a new version of our lifetime income and this is going to occur in the second half of the year. Of course we continue to pursue other distribution for our new and existing products. Second, were on schedule to launch another VA later this year. So then as far as our overall outlook for the year and really into 2009, Id just like to kind of give some colour around the Japanese variable annuity industry. Its really still in its infancy. Sales are driven primarily by product features. In fact, its not uncommon for a company to be ranked number one or two in the market and then drop two or three places a quarter or two later. Our sales ranking, for example, had dropped quite a bit in 2006, but by second quarter of 2007 we were back to number one and we remained in the number one position throughout the remainder of 2007. When I look at that I say its kind of volatile and youll see that our guidance does reflect that. If overall industry sales grow nicely we would expect to be at the higher end of the range. Second and most importantly, we believe the market continues to present a real great opportunity. The VA assets are still only 1% of the total personal financial assets and, as you know, about 50% of those assets are still in cash. So The Hartford, we refer to the market, we have over half a million policy holders, we have shown that weve dropped before and gone back to number one. So were confident between new product launches and new ideas, our planned test in the mutual fund business, and our merging brands will continue to be a very formidable player and see this as a very good long-term opportunity for The Hartford.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. And then Charlie just had one on the P&C side.
Charlie Gates  Credit Suisse: In 1997 there was an article in The Wall Street Journal that listed The Hartford as one of the parties interested in acquiring American states. With that foundation what was your assessment of Liberty Mutual proposed acquisition of Safeco? How do you think that impacts your property as the business?
Ramani Ayer: Well, Charlie, this is Ramani. Let me take a shot at that. First of all, Safeco is a very fine company. Its got a very clean balance sheet and strong positions in key markets, especially personal and small business insurance. I believe Liberty, through that acquisition, are going to be a formidable competitor in the agency distribution channel. Liberty already are a formidable competitor with their regional agency companies. So I feel that the competitive landscape will be very intense. I know Neal is very well positioned to compete in this channel, but I do believe that this will be a strong, strong competitor out there. Neal, I dont know if you want to add anything to that.
Neal S. Wolin: Charlie, I just have these few thoughts. We were very pleased with our first quarter results from a policy/account growth perspective, from a profitability perspective. Clearly we feel like we have the right strategies in place to continue to grow our businesses profitably, especially in those lines where the Liberty-Safeco combination are likely to be most prevalent. Notwithstanding Ramanis points, we feel like it doesnt change our strategy at all and were very well positioned for the rest of the year and beyond.
Charlie Gates  Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darin Arita with Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Just a question on capital. And if you wouldnt mind just reminding us of what the changes are with the rating agency capital mottos and why that could have a positive effect on The Hartfords capital position.
David M. Johnson: Sure. Thanks, Darin. Its David Johnson. Well, where we continue to be working with standard M4s in particular, who are putting through a number of changes in their capital model, I think theyre doing a number of things which we believe are more likely than not to be positive for The Hartford rather than negative. Granting a diversification benefit and also some discounting benefit with regard to longer tailed liabilities. That process continues. Again, you never know exactly where you are until you print your statutory blanks at the end of this year and then they run those through their analytical framework. I think it is much more likely than not to be a positive force. So were very pleased with where theyre going and we think its going to be a benefit for us.
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joss (sp) Smith with TIAA Chris (sp).
Joss Smith  TIAA Chris: Thanks. Just one quick one on L6. When you talk about your GMWB exposure. Significantly increased from I guess it was a billion four last quarter and its up to five-eight total between US and Japan. Can you talk about what kind of capital requirement changes result as a result of that increase. I understand that people are not all going to die at once and invoke their GMDB, but if you just talk to any capital requirements associated with that increase that would be great. Thanks.
David M. Johnson: I guess Ill take that one and Liz can jump in. I think most of that would transpire on the US balance sheet, even the Japan, through various support mechanisms. I dont see that as a dramatic change in capital requirements. The principle test there is done annually, so its going to be based on markets at the end of December. Its the CTE calculation with regards to required capital. Weve disclosed in the past that dramatic moves in markets can create a significant capital call, but thats the S&P going down 15% to 30%. From where we stand at a 1400 S&P, though again its more complicated that because it does include a global market, I dont see that as having a huge impact on capital. Certainly not material in the context of other things that are happening this year.
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Yeah, I would concur with David on that.
Joss Smith  TIAA Chris: So if it was year end at 331 youre saying it would not have been a significant impact to capital?
David M. Johnson: To required capital, again. The principle impact here is on capital surplus to have to be held to protect the risk as opposed to change in statutory surplus. Thats the principle impact. I think the changes in fixed income markets are more likely to have an impact as we stand today versus the absolute level of the equity markets. Now again, that can accelerate as the market goes down, but at 1400 youre on the early parts of that slope not the steep parts.
Joss Smith  TIAA Chris: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Ransom with Fox-Pitt, Kelton.
Gary Ransom  Fox-Pitt, Kelton Inc.: Yes, good morning. I was wondering if you could tell us a little bit more about the property-casual competitive environment. I notice that you did raise rates a little bit in personal lines and reduced them a little bit in commercial. But can you talk about how youre changes have, how thats shown to be manifest in consumer reactions? Either less shopping, more shopping, lower close ratio? Those kind of statistics. Can you give us a little bit of a feel of whats happening there?
Neal S. Wolin: Gary, its Neal. Thanks so much. I think in personal lines you saw rates total pricing up about 3%. (Inaudible) in the personalized segment are going down across the board, I think really on the back of the increased use of comparative raters, not so much on price. And youve seen I think now a number of folks in this market taking rate increases and saying that theyre going to continue to do so over the year. Weve had the 3% price increase in the first quarter and we expect some more pricing to roll in in selected areas as we look at this on a very granular geography-by-geography basis. Id say overall in the commercial lines space, awfully competitive. Especially if you get into bigger account sizes. I think for us weve been very focused on our retention rates. We feel very pleased about them. They are holding strong, especially with respect to business that we view as we segment our book as the highest quality classifications of business. Thats where were focusing our retention activity and feel very pleased by that. But overall Id say in the commercial lines basic continuing steady amount of softening all in is what were seeing and what were expecting, at least through the end of the year and perhaps beyond.
Gary Ransom  Fox-Pitt, Kelton Inc.: Is the higher retention rates in commercial lines suggest that theres less shopping going on in the commercial lines side?
Neal S. Wolin: Well, I think we certainly have been very focused on retaining our best business, our highest quality and most profitable business, so wed like to see less shopping of those accounts that we have in our books that meet those criteria. I think other competitors are focused similarly. There are accounts in play and when they are in play I think you see more price difference than you do, clearly, on renewal business. But its hard for us to get an overall sense of what the amount of accounts in the market in play. For us, I think focus on retention and then competing for new business in the classes and in the segments and geographies where we feel like were best situated from a product and underwriting perspective.
Ramani Ayer: Gary, this is Ramani. A couple of generalizations are true at this time, which is new business pricing is definitely very, very competitive. I would say as account sizes increase new business is getting more challenging. Thats one reason why The Hartfords new business growth rates have slowed in commercial lines. I definitely see that as a trend that is not about to abate. The larger the account the greater the competition.
Thomas M. Marra: We still have a cue.
Gary Ransom  Fox-Pitt, Kelton Inc.: Right. Thank you very much, then.
Thomas M. Marra: Thanks, Gary. Operator, well take and try to do a little bit of a lightning round here.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Dan Johnson with Citadel.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: Great. Thanks. The underwriting profitability ex-CADX (sic) accident year was phenomenal in the first quarter and substantially better than sequentially one would have expected. Can you identify what sort of lead to that 400 to 600 basis point sequential improvement outside of specialty? Thanks.
Neal S. Wolin: So, Dan, its Neal. In small commercial where the deltas probably most pronounced we had a very good non-CAD (sic) property quarter. Were not necessarily expecting that to trend out for the rest of the year. You see weve taken our combined ratio guidance down, but not fully reflective of all of that good experience in the first quarter working its way through. Weve also had a more favourable outlook as weve been talking about now for a few quarters on the comp line both in small commercial and the middle market. So I think our first quarter experience reflects that as well. And then finally in the personal lines we talked a little bit on our last quarterly earnings call some of the personal line fees now take up the combined in that segment. That obviously not there, that seasonality in the first quarter. I think all of those things combined in the aggregate to improve the ex-CADX prior year experience.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: But in aggregate its fair to say we even know we had a better first quarter in your guidance assumptions there is more or less no change in the subsequent three quarters or there is some change?
Neal S. Wolin: Theres a little change. If you take our combined guidance down a point on either end for the full ongoing operations and that reflects some of the improvements we saw in the first quarter but not all of them. We expect, for example, for there to be some lost cost inflation in personal lines through the remainder of the year. As well, in the commercial lines especially with respect to severity, which we expect to take up a little bit through the remainder of the year.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with FPK.
Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt, Kelton Inc.: Oh, hi. This will be real quick. When you think about the eight new products that have been introduced in Japan I guess the first question is how comfortable are you with the products that have been introduced in terms of your own risk appetite and whether or not you see those as aggressive, kind of, you may try to replicate, etcetera. And then just secondly, can you just give an update, are we fully through, in your view, the impact of FIEL and do you continue to believe that was kind of a six-month sales impact and that sales should kind of revert back to normalized scenarios all else equal, adjusting for obviously competitive environment and where equity markets are, etcetera?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Mark, Ill take your second question first, which is FIEL. Yes, Id say its pretty much through the system and its definitely had an impact on industry sales and The Hartford sales for about that six-month period. I think were through that. In terms of the products out there, obviously I would characterize it similar to the US. They are products as we look at them, maybe a bit more aggressive than were comfortable with in our other products that are in line very similar to ours. I would look at this partly as just that a lot of products out there coming from both domestic competitors as well as foreign competitors. So its just changing daily. But we still think that we can compete and we do think with our new product in the second half of the year its still going to be challenging, because theres just a lot of competition out there. And the markets are still volatile. So if we see industry sales pick up were going to be able to see our sales, as I said, be at the higher end of the range.
Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt, Kelton Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Al Coppersino (sp) with Maddox (sp) Investments.
Al Coppersino  Maddox Investments: Oh, thank you, but Dan Johnson asked my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Shanker with Citi.
Joshua Shanker  Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Following up on this question, obviously the results were very good, but you have a more pessimistic outlook going forward. Where does the inflection point fall in the quarter where you saw new information that was leading you to get more pessimistic and what in terms is happening on the agency compensation side that may be driving that?
Thomas M. Marra: Not really a compensation issue but more an outlook on loss ratio.
David M. Johnson: Yeah, I think, Josh, as Tom just said, its not really driven by agency compensation issues. As the quarter developed we saw in the small commercial space, for example, how the non-CAD property was developing and continued to develop well throughout the quarter. And we continued based on the data to think that the workers comp lines both in small commercial and middle market are doing well. Especially with respect to frequency. That also informed our judgement both about the full year and the guidance there and to take it down a bit in those two segments in particular. So thats really how those two things developed through the quarter. It really had nothing to do with compensation issues.
Joshua Shanker  Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Whats motivating agencies to shop around more?
David M. Johnson: Im not sure I understand your question, Josh. Im not sure this is about shopping around. Were retention, weve kept on our new business quite well. As the business on our books developed the loss experience flowed through in the ways we talked about with respect to the property in small commercial. On the written premium side, you know, very competitive markets so the top line a little off overall, flattish in the flow businesses, personal lines, small commercial. That I think is really a reflection principally of just the competitiveness in both of those segments. In the larger commercial lines premium reflects both pricing decreases and just overall competition, especially as Ramani noted earlier, as accounts get bigger and bigger.
Joshua Shanker  Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Well, I appreciate Dans colour. I might come back to you. Thank you very much.
Thomas M. Marra: Thanks, Josh. Tracy, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Okay. Your last question comes from Alain Karaoglan with Banc of America.
Alain Karaoglan  Banc of America: Yes, good morning. I know were pressed for time, but first I want to thank David Johnson for all your help throughout the years and the great job that you did at the hard part. I wish you the best of luck. Having said that, I have a question and then Tamara will have one as well. Why were we so shy about share buybacks in the first quarter? Was there anything preventing you from doing them or were you concerned about the overall environment? What were your thoughts on that?
David M. Johnson: Thank you, Alain. We had no restrictions on our ability to do share repurchase in the first quarter, either from a legal  other than our normal blackout periods of course  or a capital point of view. I think the principle thing which restrains us from aggressively buying back our shares is the significant equity downturn scenario which weve alluded to many times where the market drops dramatically below any level thats already tested in the last nine months. So were talking 30% or more drops in the F&D and associated global markets. That scenario uses our capital strengths for the reason why we are maintaining it. We are required to post effectively a statutory margin column in that scenario and we did not want to be in the situation where we had the capital, the markets plunged, and then we had to raise capital. Obviously what would be an extremely challenging capital raise environment. So that is the principle thing that causes us to be cautious as we go through more uncertain global financial markets about repurchasing.
Alain Karaoglan  Banc of America: And Tamara has a question.
Tamara Kravec  Banc of America: Yes, just quickly. Since we talked to you about international and US VAs, on group benefits can you just talk about, you had some strength in your disability sales and with the macro environment where it is can you just talk about what youre seeing in that business right now and what your outlook is?
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Yes, I would say the market remains somewhat where its been. Its competitive, but we can find places to really be successful. What I would say is that overall, when you look at this over time you tend to have a little bit of lumpiness. Sometimes well have stronger disability sales, sometimes stronger life sales. I wouldnt read too much into that. When you have national cases and you get a few big ones some quarters and not in other quarters. Overall we think the market is good for us. We have good growth prospects. If youre talking about recession and are we concerned about that I would say no, were not. Overall we think the business will fare well through a recessionary period. So both from a top line, again, its competitive in the overall market and the United States isnt really growing, but we think we can get a good, solid return as we have and a solid top line.
Ramani Ayer: Thank you, Liz. This is Ramani. Im going to bring this call to a close. I know both sell side and buy side will join me in first of all recognizing Davids contributions at The Hartford as phenomenal, as well as our building a very strong IR function and reaching out to investors so we are always visible and transparent in all our disclosures. Hopefully that, more importantly hopefully, but Im confident that Liz will continue in that tradition. So I want to thank you all for joining us on the call today and I look forward to seeing you in the next quarter. Thank you again.
Operator: This concludes todays Hartfords first quarter earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-25 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Ramani Ayer  CEO, Chairman of Exec. Committee  Thomas Marra  President, Chief Operating Officer Neal Wolin  President of Property Casualty Operations David Johnson  Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt Kelton Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank Securities Andrew Kligerman  UBS Jay Cohen  Merrill Lynch Eric Berg  
Ramani Iyer: Good morning everyone. I am going to touch on several highlights for 2007 and where are headed in 2008. We are very pleased with companys strong 2007 results. If you turn to slide3, you will see that our solid fourth quarter finished off a record setting year for us. Net income for 2007 came in at $2.9 billion, a record for the company. Core earnings rose to another full year record $3.5 billion. Core earnings per share were up 21% over 2006 to $10.99 driven by double digit core earnings growth both in our property causality and life operations. Book value growth again in last 12 months exceeded our long term growth goal of double digit growth even with market challenges we face in the second half of 2007. Since the end of 2006, book value per share excluding AOCI is up 11% and our return on equity topped 15%. As you know, the credit markets remained extremely volatile in the fourth quarter. This volatility contributed to the $429 million of net realized losses recorded in the fourth quarter. Obviously, we do not like seeing losses of this magnitude in our portfolio. Our investment professionals are actively managing a diversified $95 billion general accounts portfolio. With most of the portfolio invested in fix maturities, it is difficult to avoid credit losses in markets like these. Now, the first few weeks of 2008 have seen a continuation of market volatility. Investors are now looking at credit risk across a number of investment categories and the latest area of concern is muni bonds in light of the issues faced by bond insurance. We hold about $13.5 billion in muni bonds and slightly half of these securities are wrapped with insurance. As David will cover later in the call we dont expect the bond insurers current trouble to have a material impact on The Hartford. Now, turning to slide 4 you will see that we continued to execute well in competitive markets. In our life, operations 2007 saw record core earnings of $2 billion up significantly over 2006. Large record profitability was driven by successful asset accumulation over the past 12 months with $53 billion in deposits. US variable annuity deposits represented over $13 billion of that total, up 9% over 2006. The recent decline in US equities may put some pressure on near term industry sales. Over the longer term though, we think periods of heightened volatility will reinforce the value of living benefit guarantees for customers and financial advisers. This is exactly the type of market where benefit guarantees prove their worth, giving increasing longevity the typical retiree must allocate a meaningful proportion of their assets to equities.  And so, if you take a hypothetical 69-year-old retiree. Assume she has an investment portfolio consisting of several mutual funds, some cash and a variable annuity with living benefits. With headlines clamoring about Wall Street volatility, she is going to be sleeping much better at night than if she did not have the safety of a guarantee. She knows that she has an income stream that will continue to deliver regardless of what happens of these markets. So, with that in mind I am looking forward to the new VA product we will be introducing in May. This new product should help us improve deposit and flows in the second half of the year. Tom will discuss our Fourth Quarter life performance in more detail, but I have to say that I am impressed by the progress we made in 2007 in our retail mutual fund and retirement plans businesses. Assets under management in these two businesses grew at a combined rate of 22% last year. These fast growing segments are important elements of our longer terms strategies to diversify our life earning space. In property and casualty, I am please to report record core earnings for 2007 up 10% over the prior year. We benefited from favorable weather, our underwriting profitability was healthy and investment income was strong. PNC competition has been and continues to be intense with new business difficult to come by. During 2007, we introduced a number of initiatives aimed at retaining more of our most profitable business. These efforts did bear fruit in the Third and Fourth Quarters of increase Policy Retention Levels in several lines. We think competition will remain tough in the coming year, but we do not expect pricing to be come broadly irrational. That is why we believe we can achieve modest premium growth in 2008.  And finally, we finish 2007 in a strong capital position. We spend the last few years building our capital resources and enhancing our risk management capabilities in order to navigate the types of markets we are facing today. When we first introduced the concept of a capital margin, our goal was $500 million. As our business grew we increased the margin to $1.5 billion and that margin is in place today, and we have tremendous liquidity. The company has the capital resources and flexibility to ride out the current market instability while competing vigorously in our business line.  And before I hand out to Tom, I would like to comment briefly on last weeks announcement that David Johnson will step down as The Hartfords chief financial officer. I really say that with regret as the board of directors and I accepted Davids resignation. David has been a highly valued advisor and partner on financial and strategic matters on last seven years to me and my management team. He has consistently challenged our organization to improve the quality and transparency of our financial reporting and all our public disclosures. And it is important to note that David will be staying on as our CFO until the middle of the year. In the meantime, we are committed to finding the very best candidate to fill this critical role. Let me now turn this over to Tom to provide additional details.  
Thomas Gallagher: Before I start, I just want to echo Ramanis comments on David Johnson. I think everyone on this call knows David to be enormously talented and has contributed greatly to The Hartfords success but just want to add on the behalf of the management team that he has also been a great teammate and a superb business partner and I personally look forward to working with him as does the rest of the management team over the next few months.  Turning to the quarter, our property and casualty results are highlighted on slide 5. Our property casualty operation finished a record year for core earnings with solid performance in the fourth quarter. Core earnings were $414 million. This marks the fourth time in the last five quarters that core earnings pushed above the $400 million mark. Good underwriting results, favorable weather and prior year reserve releases has helped us achieve these very good results. Written premiums were $2.5 billion in fourth quarter, 4% below last year. Even though our top line has declined, we grew policies in force in personal lines, small commercial and middle market over the past year. Our fourth quarter combined ratio is 91.1% in ongoing operation, including 2.6 points of cap losses. That is a very good result, considering recent industry trends. Of course a number of items affected the quarter, including 4.8 points of prior year reserve releases. The releases were partially off set by some reverse strengthening for the 07 accident year in higher than usual policy holder dividends. The impact of each of these items varies by business and since all the details are in our IFS I would not go through every segment. Instead I would like to focus on the key trans we see shaping our outlook for 08. Slide 6 shows the underlying trends in Accident Year Combine Ratios. It shows the underlying trends in accidents combine year ratios for the past two years, alongwith our 08 outlook. These numbers exclude catastrophies. We also have adjusted 06 and 07 to exclude the divested omni business and the benefits we received from citizens assessments and recruitments. I want to make a couple observations. First, our 08 guidance reflects only a modest increase in the combined ratio for ongoing operations. We believe our property casualty business will deliver return on equity at or above our targets with up to 3% top line growth. Of course, this all assumes a normal cat year. Our 2007 accident year combined ratio for ongoing operations, excluding catastrophies, was 2  points, higher that the prior year. In 2008, we expect continued margin compression from lower pricing and higher loss cost. That said The Hartford is well prepared to navigate the space of this cycle. We have specific tailored action plans for each segment of our business. We have seen more competition in personal lines of small commercial, but these lines remain largely rational. Loss cost will trend in slightly higher are still quite manageable. We have the opportunity to grow these businesses in 08 at very attractive margins. Our game plan is to grow our top line through expanded distribution and we will all drive our competitive position and profitability through product enhancements, leading edge pricing and underwriting technologies and ease of doing business. We are planning to increase marketing and add another one thousand new agents in personal lines. We are also introducing refined rating plans for both AARP and Dimensions for early in the year. In small commercial, process improvement and technologies such as expressway are making it easier for agents to do business with us. And our recent product enhancement are showing promise. The commercial auto-product we launched last December is generating more opportunities to quote and more sales. Overall, I am optimistic that we have the right initiatives underway in personal lines in small commercial. In 2008, we should see continued increases in policies in force and modest growth in premium, all at attractive returns.  In middle market, we are seeing the effects of several years of moderate pricing declines on a written premium in combined ratio. State mandate reductions in workers compensation rates are also dampening premium growth. Even so, our outlook for 08 is for solid mid-90s, accident year combined ratios, excluding catastrophies. We believe that we can achieve these results through our relentless focus on retaining our profitable costumers and managing our business mix. We are competing aggressively for new businesses in select classes and regions, where historically, we have earned very good returns. In addition, the new commercial auto product is generating new business opportunities, particularly for companies with fleets of less than 25 vehicles.  Our discipline and underwriting expertise in the middle market is clearly paying off. This is the second quarter that we have improved premium retention even with the lower written pricing. In 2008, we expect modest premium decline with good underwriting margins. Specialty commercial wrote about $1.5 billion of premiums last year, and reported excellent accident year combined ratios. Industry profitability has driven excess capacity in many of these lines and competition is intense. Our focus for businesses like professional liability is to expand our product offerings to middle market and small commercial customers. In other specialty lines, we are selectively writing and renewing business that meets our target returns. So, no doubt that competition has increased in every segment of our property casualty business. That said, we believe that we have initiatives in place to strengthen our position in the market while delivering good returns for our shareholders. Now, turning to slide 7, life operations had another quarter of strong performance. Core earnings for the quarter were $457 million, a 16% increase over last year. The total assets under management were up 14%. The chart on the left breaks out the growth of our asset management businesses. As you can see, strong net flows in the markets drove AUM growth. Total deposits were $11 billion in the fourth quarter and $53 billion for the full year. Net flows for the full year were $15 billion, up 26% over 2006. In our US variable annuity business, fourth quarter deposits were $3.1 billion, flat to last year. Variable annuity net outflows for the quarter were in line with guidance at $1.1 billion. Given current competition and market conditions, we expect first quarter variable annuity sales of $2.4 billion to $2.8 billion. As you know, we will be launching a new product in May. For competitive reasons, I cant provide you with product details now, but our guidance reflects stronger sales and net flows in the second half of the year. As Ramani said, the performance of our mutual funds continues to be outstanding. More than half the equity funds we offer are ranked four or five stars by Morningstar on a load rate basis. Our portfolio of strong retail mutual funds helped to drive fully year net flows above $5 billion. Fourth Quarter retail mutual fund deposits were $3.5 billion, a 14% increase over the last year. The net flows for the Fourth Quarter were $1.3 billion. I am pleased to say that our efforts to diversify our fund flows are also gaining traction. In the fourth quarter of 2007, deposits through the companys equity funds, beyond our most popular equity fund more than doubled over the prior year. Our Japan variable annuity business topped of a strong year with another quarter of good performance. Solid net flows over the past year drove assets under management up to 13% to 4 trillion Yen or $36 billion. And the earnings contribution from Japan is growing significantly with over 14% of 2007 life core earnings coming from Japan. As we expected, the implementation of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law (FIEL) slowed sales of investment products in the fourth quarter. Our deposits for the quarter were 123 billion Yen, or $1.1 billion representing a 11% decline on a Yen basis compared to last year. We continue to believe the changes adopted under FIEL should work their way through the system by the end of the first quarter. As FIEL settles into the mainstream, our Japan operations remain focused on the capabilities that have proven successful, offering a compelling value to customers, building a market leading distribution system, and introducing innovative products. In February, we will be introducing a new VA product in nine of our distribution partners. We also plan to introduce another variable annuity, as well as mutual funds later this year. Turning to institutional solutions, full year total deposits surpassed $11 billion in 2007. Strong sales were reported in bank and life insurance, structured settlements, and institutional mutual funds. Our deposits for the fourth quarter were $1.5 billion. But given the current low-interest rate environment, it may be difficult to match our 2007 sales results in 08. But we now have $68 billion of assets in institutional solutions and it is that asset base that will drive our earnings. Life protection businesses also performed well this quarter. Total life insurance in force for individual life was up 9% over the fourth quarter of 2006. Solid full year sales combined with very strong persistency drove this growth. In group benefits, fully insured premiums were up 1% over the fourth quarter of 2006. That figure understates our true growth though. Premiums rose 5% if you back out the medical staff loss business that we sold in the spring of 2007. Core earnings also rose by 5% driven in part by favorable mortality and morbidity. Competition in group benefits remains intense particularly in the small case market. As we move into 2008, you should expect us to continue to balance top line growth in profitability while deepening relationships with our customers.  I want to take a minute to talk about our retirement plans business. Now I am on slide 8. Strong net flows and market appreciation drove assets under management in retirement plans up 16% from December 06 to more than $28.5 billion at the end of the year. And also we announced three strategic acquisitions in December. I am happy to say we have already closed one of those deals and we expect to complete the other two in the first quarter. In aggregate these acquisitions will expand our presence in mid size market. In addition they bring us industry leading service platform. For example we will now have the ability to service the defined benefit plan. More and more service providers are now seeking to combine the defined benefit plan administration with the sale or takeover of their 401K plan. This provides us greater flexibility to package our services to our customers needs. These acquisitions nearly doubled our retirement plan assets. Its worth mentioning though that the ROA for these businesses is lower than the ROAs we have been reporting. So we will update the 2008 outlook for the retirement plans group at the first quarter call assuming that the transactions are closed. In summary, our life operations had an outstanding year. We had a record year in terms of core earnings with solid contributions from each of our businesses. And with that I will turn it over to David Johnson. 
David Johnson : Lets turn to slide 9. I am pleased to report that our capital loss came in at bit better than what we predicted in December. Long term volatility subsided somewhat at year end but credit spreads continued to widen. Overall impairments were a little higher than projected and losses in our hedged GMWB liability were substantially lower. These realized losses effect GAAP book value but not our capital position.  As a US insurer, our capital is measured under Statutory accounting, which differs from GAAP. We estimate that our roughly $430 million GAAP realized loss pre-tax, will translate to more than $100 million gain, under statutory accounting. The largest reason for this anomaly is the accounting treatment for GMWB Hedging. Under GAAP our GMWB liability and hedge assets are both fair valued. When the hedging works as it did in this quarter, the change in the liability is substantially offset by a similar change in the hedge assets. Under statutory accounting, on the other hand, the hedge assets are fair valued, but the GMWB liability is not. On our stat books, the change in fair value of our hedge assets drove an increase in surplus. Also, bond impairments under GAAP are now largely driven by changes in market value. Under the current stat rules it still requires a fundamental credit development to trigger impairment, so we did not see the same level of impairments on our statutory books. Bottom line is that at year end, our statutory capital position remained very strong and our $1.5 billion capital margin was completely untouched. Also, I want to comment briefly on our guidance, given the impact of market levels on our asset-based fee revenues. As we noted in our press release, we will be at the low end of our guidance range if the market does not recover and further market deterioration would take us below our range. Remember for every percent the S&P is down at the beginning of the year, we lose about $6 million in after tax core earnings or roughly 2 cents. Our guidance also does not include any estimate of the effect of the third quarter DAC unlock on EPS. Were we to do our annual DAC study today, market losses since our last study would generate a negative unlock. Using the sensitivities that we provided you in our third quarter 10-Q, the impact of market changes would likely between $200 and $400 million after tax were we to do the study today. As a reminder, DAC was $213 million good guy in our 2007 study.  In addition to our annual study, we do test DAC on a quarterly basis and if it is necessary we would unlock immediately, but that is a far removed event. We would need to see roughly twice as much as the worst market deterioration we have seen since July for us to unlock our cycle. We have not changed our four-year outlook for our alternative investment income, either. Our plans calls for income of this kind at roughly $240 million pre-tax or about a 9% annualized return. That also could be volatile in a down market. Bottom line is that the current market environment is challenging and it will certainly have some impact on our earnings. That being said, we are not yet ready to abandon the plan we described to you last month. Turn to Slide 10 please. We have added a great deal of investment disclosure to the appendices to our slides. I would like to make a few comments on two categories, Monoline Wrap Securities and Commercial Real Estates. You could see that the vast majority of our Monoline wrapped securities are munis with the balance in structures and corporate. It is not a hard and fast rule, but in general, we would say that for investments where underline credit is single-layer or better the wrap is not getting much value in todays market. The bonds are already trading close to the underlying credit. This process had already started in the fourth quarter and is partially reflected in our year end marks. Underlying credits below single-layer still get some benefits from their wraps, but were all the insurance to disappear tomorrow, it would be immaterial to our muni portfolio, which has an average underline rating of AA-. Of that total portfolio, over 50% is insured and 95% of the insured bonds have underlying ratings of A- or better. The balance of our Monoline Wrap investment, I just note that roughly half the structured investment are sub-prime bonds, we previously disclosed here, so do not double count them, they show up in two different places in our appendix slide. Turn to Slide 11 please. Historically, life insurers have always been major holders of commercial mortgages and we are no exception. We hold a balance portfolio of $22.4 billion. Versus our peers The Hartford does hold the larger portion of its investment in the CMBS format and we provide extensive disclosure about these holdings in our appendix. The CMBS format has pluses and minuses. While in most market condition, they are more liquid than other loans, this liquidity means they are accounted for at market value, while whole loans are carried at amortized cost. CMBS also benefits from diversification and if you buy the senior trunches subordination, though in todays market, structural protection often does not get the highest value from investors. On the fundamental, the commercial mortgage business is still in very good shape. Delinquencies remain near historical lows. Property values, while down in the last 12 months, never experienced the hyperinflation of residential property over the last 5 years. At this point in the credit cycle, I much rather be overweight commercial mortgages than high-yield corporate. You may have noted that roughly $1.9 billion of our commercial mortgages are held in commercial real estate CDOs. I would like to stress of that roughly $1 billion are not CDO in the sense you might remember them from residential mortgages. The largest part of so-called, the spokes CDOs, which repackages only AAA tranches as CMBS Securities. The balance of that $1 billion consists of managed CDOs, which are really much like a CMBS, but the collateral flows in and out, like a conduit, as long as it meets the appropriate criteria for the tranch. The rest of our CRE CDOs do involve the retranching of seasoned, lower credit commercial mortgages. Again, fundamentals still remained very strong here, but these will be on our list for watching. Finally, turn to Slide 11 please. I would like to give you a brief update on SFAS 157. The derivatives primarily show up in two places at the Hartford, in our investment portfolio and in a portion of the living benefit embedded in our variable annuities. Prior to this year, these were accounted for under SFAS 133, now we will use SFAS157. This change has little impact on our investment, which generally are subject to traditional price discovery. On the other hand, our VA derivative is embedded and not really tradable. We have always had to build a valuation model to account for it. Under SFAS 133, we are required to incorporate any observable market input in our valuation model and I am proud that The Hartford has certainly incorporated new input as they became observable over time. The most notable of them, the new markets that emerged from increasingly long tenures of index volatility. When a market does not exist for a key model input, for example policy holder behavior, under 133 we use our best estimate. Under 157, on the other hand, we are required to incorporate market values to all input, even when a market does not exist. In particular, it requires you to add margins that you think a market participant would charge for the risk that the input might change. Our calculations are still being finalized and audited, but I would like to describe some of the risk margins we adding in order of importance. The largest is policy holder behavior. Remember our living benefits give the policy holder a lot of choices, particularly, when and what amount to withdraw their money. We make assumptions, not only based on the persons age, qualified versus non-qualified account, past behavior, but also on market conditions. We generally assume people will value the benefit more in adverse markets. For 157 we have developed the method that tries to emulate what a hypothetical trader might charge us to take on the risk that our behavior assumptions are wrong. This was by far the hardest part of our exercise and it also contributes to the largest increase in our evaluation. The second item is illiquidity and complexity. It is an observable fact that illiquid markets with few very complex transactions trade with a wider bid-ask. We have included an estimate of what would it take to induce a trader to take on our very complex compound option as opposed to a simple 10-year S&P put. The third element is basis risk. Our benefit is based on protecting account values that are invested in hundreds of individual mutual funds. Our hedge instruments and the observable market input associated with them are based on indexes. A trader would likely factor in a charge for the risk that the mutual fund sand the aggregate do not exactly track the index as they are regressed against. And the final element is actually a minor positive. We are required to discount our payment stream in a derivative valuation using a rate reflective of The Hartford credit standing as supposed to the risk free rate. As we have continued our work we have been able to tighten our implementation estimates to between $200 to $300 million after tax and DAC, to be booked in the first quarter of 2008. As a reminder, this is GAAP only and does not affect capital. I look forward to discussing the final number with you on our first quarter earnings call. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen  Merrill Lynch: I just want to ask one question on the property casualty side and on the lifeside, as well. On the property casualty side I guess one thing that stood out a little bit was the accident year number and the personal lines business. I know that included some current year development, a smaller issue is certainly weather I am sure. When you see that number does it make you rethink your pricing at all? Are you going take that information and may boost pricing in certain markets in the personal lines area just given what maybe some underlying pressure on margins?
Neal Wolin:  I guess the first thing I would say Jay is we want to look at this on a year over year basis full year, because as you say there are some one time unusual items in the fourth quarter and I think on that basis, if you have to look at it on an ex-cap, ex-prior year basis, the development is not that big. In the quarter, obviously, there was some development based on current accident year, adjustments, most of those relating to some of the things we have been talking about, with respect to what we have seen on frequency over the course of the year. We said that we are going to look at pricing by geography, maybe make some adjustments here and there, but fundamentally we are still feeling good about our margins and making target returns. The other thing is obviously what we said before is that we expect that loss cost development will moderate a little bit 08 over at 07, so that plays into how we think about it as well.
Jay Cohen  Merrill Lynch: And, just one follow-up on that, in public too early in the year, they even gauged that, but that view, is that yet being supported by the data you are saying on claims?
Neal Wolin: I guess what I said Jay, as you say very early days, but what we have seen at the very end of 07 as we pivot in to 08, it is consistent with that view.
Jay Cohen  Merrill Lynch: What are the scribed fees are now, so basis points on assets related to VA business with living benefit features.
David Johnson : There is no one answer to that because it varies by product, but they are up for the cohorts that we are writing in the latter part of the quarter with market volatility up, so the answer is any where up probably from 10 to 25 basis points, depending on the product. That moves around a fair amount, we reset that weekly, I think, in terms of the cohorts that we book. So it is quite granular and it is a different answer for each week.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Where do you think you will appear when we see you in your the next role? Will it be similar to the CFO type role you are in or something quite extremely different?
David Johnson : Well, courtesy of the good efforts of the folks here at The Hartford, I am here for a fair amount of time and I have really not begun to explore my next opportunity. Generally, people like each other, they want to start right away and I cannot do that. So I am going to take the opportunity of the next few months to think about that. I love being a CFO, it is a great job, but I have the luxury at this point to think about, whether I might want to do something else. I love good disclosure, but what I am disclosuring right now is that I really do not know. It is going to be fun to think about.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Shifting over to the PNC business, with written premiums down 4% for the quarter and targeted 0-3% growth in 08, I am just kind of a rattling of, small commercial down 3, personal line only up 1, then your target is better than that. I know Tom was mentioning potential growth in agents or personal lines, maybe some new products, but given that in the past year guidance is not a net on written premium growth. What is you confidence level in your ability to make that 0-3 and maybe some of the reasons why you may or may not have confidence in some of the more predictable lines, like small commercial and personal line.
Thomas Marra : Let met start that Andrew, since I have been downtown here and watching the property causality team, I have been impressed. Literally they are looking at every place, within the discipline thats really is the hallmark of The Hartford. They are looking in each line or pockets of opportunity, in places, in geographies and industries where we can be successful and that is across all lines, our commendable numbers given the market environment and the discipline which we are approaching at. I turn it over to Neal to get a little bit more specific.
Neal Wolin : Let me start with the fourth quarter premium and then pivot over to how we are thinking about that as we go in to 08. If you look at personal lines, for example, if you x out omnis, the modest one is a +1 and in the commercial lines area, a meaningful amount of the top line pressure is the result of state mandated rate changes and in particular, in New York, where there was one time requirement to give back rate with respect to the unearned premium reserve for comp business written in the state. If you adjust all that out, I think the year over year quarter comparisons are rather better than those that you sighted and so, we start with that and then, we think about pivoting it to 08.  We feel very good about a range of initiatives that we have underway, across our segments. So in personal lines we are releasing, as Tom mentioned in his opening comments, product both in the agency and in the AARP businesses. We feel very good about that, those will be rolling in over the course of 08. We are going to be putting a thousand new agents on our rolls, and so forth. In small commercial again, we expect in 08 product improvement, some new releases, as well as, meaningful enhancements to our service capabilities and ease of doing business. And in the middle market, an awful lot of attention to retention and our retention numbers have picked up. As you see within the quarter, they picked up sequentially within the quarter and we are really focusing on retaining what is for us a very profitable book of business. We have really had a lot of success in doing that. So all those things, as well as, a number of new business initiatives, where we feel, for example, middle market, that there are still good opportunities for us to go profitable business by line, by geography and so forth. All of that makes us feel good about the guidance that we have provided you.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Last, quickly on group benefit, 16% fall in the first nine months, up 26% in the fourth quarter, in terms of sales. Does the momentum carry it to the next year and what are the competitive dynamics?
Ramani Ayer : I would say that sales tend to be lumpy over the quarters. We are in all markets, small all the way to national accounts and so, I would not read so much into the fourth quarter run up. Having said that we do feel good about our core lines, life and disability for the first quarter, but there is less competition out there, I think that small case market will be little bit more challenging and that all is reflected in our guidance.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Thanks Liz.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Darin Arita with Deutsche Bank Securities 
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning. I was hoping to talk on Japanese annuity business. Tom, you mentioned that you expect the FIEL system to work its way through by the end of the first quarter. Can you explain a little more on what that means and why you think that might potentially increase sales in Japan.
Thomas Marra : I will have Liz give the real color on that and I think in part just comes from our people on the ground and also just looking at sales. In the beginning of FIEL really fell precipitously and it crawled back. Liz you want to add on that? 
Ramani Ayer  CEO, Chairman of Exec. Committee, Chairman of Hartford Fire: Let me just give a little bit of color on FIEL again, as a reminder, it was an industry issues so it affected sales of everything, from mutual, funds to JZBs, to variable annuities. For example, if you look at mutual funds sales for the fourth quarter of 07, they were down about 19% and index fund flows were down about 50%. We do not have formal data on VA sales, but our best estimate is bank sales, which comprise most of the markets were down about 25% to 30% for the fourth quarter, so clearly we see this as an industry issue. However, we do believe that December sales started to tick up, so that is why between that and all of the conversations we had with our distributors we do believe that it will work itself through by the end of March. Now, having said that we all know that the Japanese market has really taken a hit, so down close to a third in about six months, although it rebounded yesterday and so forth. That is giving Japanese customers pause in their buying behavior, so lots going on in Japan and in the near term that is reflected in our guidance, lots of competition, but I will say again and stress, we are bullish over the long term in Japan. Variable annuity assets at about 150 billion as of September, only represents 1% of the financial assets in the country, so we think guarantees, especially in light of what we seen will play well, we think the industry will grow and so, the second half of the year uptick in our guidance and certainly we believe more bullish over longer term. Finally we are launching a product in the first quarter and so, that is all the reflect in our guidance.
Thomas Marra : Darin, I think an important point that Liz wants to make is you comment on the Japanese equity market being weighed down. I think it is important that everyone out there understand that because of the diversification of our portfolio within the VA products , the actual investment return in our products is down a lot less and this is one of the areas where our allocations within the portfolio has really helped the customer.
Ramani Ayer : Absolutely and I think that they will see that, I mean we see that there returns were flat for the year before fees, were less in equities typically than the US about 44%, with only about 23% of our in force in Japanese equities, and of course the rest in Japanese bonds and global bonds. Clearly, we have more diversified mix and that should bode well for our customers, but I am saying new customer thinking about making purchases right now were little tepid.
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank Securities: And then, sticking with that and taking it a little bit more broad. Can you talk about some of the metrics that you are looking at, with respect to your living benefit liabilities and how that is tracking first in Japan then also in the US.
Thomas Marra : Question on our living benefit liabilities, are we tracking that?
David Johnson : Darin are you GAAP or stat or you 
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank Securities: I would be curious on whatever is important here, but I would say both.
Thomas Marra : Let us start with the US, you saw the net results of derivative activity from GMWB in the fourth quarter was relatively low, that is obviously been a volatile ride. In December we shared with you where the mark was at the end of November, which was over $100 million. The big impact there is when you have the big spikes in market volatility. The hedges have done, as one would expect, extremely well on Delta, on interest rate, its big spike in Vega and volatility, which are difficult to rebalance again, where you see the slippage and we always expected that to happen. As long term ball came back in through the month of December, you have the mark that you see in our financial statement. Again on that aspect of it, we feel pretty good. On the statutory aspect of it, again, which I believed is the real issue that ensures need to track with regards to these liabilities. Again, we are in good shape as of year end. The principal mark date per statutory surpluses and annual mark, but that one again as we have talked to investors before if you had a very dramatic movement down in the market that could create a large statutory margin cost, we have talked about, but we are in a pretty good shape right now. In Japan again, as I think Liz pointed out, this is a very diversified book, so while the liability will probably will mark up a tiny bit, you are not seeing giant surges with regards to our exposure there the way you would if it was all in one Asian equity class. So far so good for volatile markets.
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank Securities: Just to follow up, I mean, are there any specific numbers that you are looking at in terms of the benefits that are in the money and things that you can share along those lines.
David Johnson : The disclosure on our IFS is on page L6, so you could just look at our our IFS and you will see it.
Operator: Our next questions comes from the line of Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse:   I just want to understand your comments about sort of the DAC sensitivity to equity market. If I understood you correctly, should we assume that you could withstand roughly another 15% drop in the equity market before you would sort of trigger an out of period impairment, potentially?
David Johnson :  Yes. I have to go figure out how that percentage lines up, as what I said. But basically about the same as bad as it has been since last July will have to happen again. Now again, there is a separate analysis for Japan versus the US so you can have scenario where one triggered but the other did not, but yes, that is a pretty good rule of thumb.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Okay, second question is, your comment about the lower statutory capital loses, can you just give us a sense for, if you had $318 million of impairment on a GAAP basis this quarter, what was that actual number on a stat counting basis and why would it be meaningfully different?
David Johnson : The rough estimate was that the stat impairment impact was kind a 125 to 150 range, so was significantly less. Particularly the principal reason is that GAAP framework for impairment has evolved over the last three or four years, and it is now one where in the phase of a significant change in the trading value of the security, the rebuttable presumption is that you will impair that bond and that can happen if the market value shifts dramatically even if there is no downgrade, if the analysis of the cash flows underlying the security dont indicate any recoverability issue, any of the kind of a traditional matrix associated with credit impairment, which are still the rules under current stat accounting. So you could have a save something trades down to 75% of book for GAAP, that is going to be a hard presumption not to impair there even if it is not been downgraded and you think the fundamentals are pretty good, stat on the other would not look for you to impair in that scenario
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Okay, so we are going to see some kind of divergence between a loss recognition on GAAP and stat as we go forward here with GAAP being a lower threshold in terms of loss expectation going more toward a market value based approach.
David Johnson : Well, I would not want to assert that there is a fixed relationship between the two and the stat will always be lower. There are other things in stat on the other hand that are much more sensitive to different things than GAAP. So for example, interest rates can sometimes having interesting impact on your stat liability, and can create loses or statutory surplus and scenarios where you see nothing in GAAP. Also as I was talking before hand, stat in terms of a CTE capital requirement is much more sensitive to absolute mocves in the stock price, and would product a larger loss than probably our SFAS 133 and now SFAS 157 liability might indicate to the big market, it was like a 30% drop. So if there is, stat can be worse than some scenarios too, but with respect to credit impairment I think that is true. You will generally see stat being less than GAAP.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: The last question I had is just want to understand there is obviously a lot of accounting noise with the variable annuity hedging, but to try and simplify if that is possible, as I understand it, you all run about 30 basis points through the GAAP P&L or if you can remind us how much is being run through operating earnings, and then the separate question is, if you look at the breakage we have had on an economic basis your estimative breakage on economic basis, what would that incremental cost have been. Is it trued up this quarter or maybe the last few quarters?
David Johnson : The exact amount of the writer fee which is attributed to core earnings as a fee revenue varies by cohorts and those who go over time, but I think it is fair to say that over most of the life of the product that has been between 10 and 30 basis points and then it is only move out of that range in extreme market condition. When you talk about economic breakage, it is interesting, I kind a have to almost form and redefine the answer in order to try to give it to you because there has actually been no breakage in that. We have never paid a claim that I am aware of, of any material size under any of our living benefit program, they require you to exhaust, for almost in every circumstances, you have to exhaust your principal before our withdrawal of benefit liabilities would actually cause a cash claim for us. So there is a breakage in terms of the fair value reported on our books, when you see net breakage every quarter that is the gap between the liability and hedge assets. The other breakage you can say is how much money have we spent on hedging and  is there been a rebalancing cost and kind of a bid-ask, kind of a loss of economic value from the higher volatility. Difficult to put a cost on that but that could usually range anywhere from, in a good scenario, five basis points over the life of the hedging and in a real volatile hedging scenario that could be 10 to 15 basis or more rebalancing cost over the life of the hedging program. So, certainly there has been a period in the last quarter where __ that were persistent for 10 years, you are definitely will be at the higher end of the trading breakage. Difficult to frame a one version of an answer but hopefully those two or three different versions are helpful to you.
Ramani Ayer: I just want to reinforce, David gave a very comprehensive answer to your question, I mean the way we think about economic loss is really at the end of the day when all liabilities are resolved, does that go against the dot and that is very-very far in to the future. What you are seeing is The Hartford basically following accounting rules to mark everything to the market and David gave you the components to that, says the important distinction that both you and I hope investors get and how we report our liabilities and changes in our liabilities through income.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Berg
Eric Berg: My first question is as regards to the capital losses, you recorded pretax as much capital losses outside of the credit area as you did inside of it , probably half as much but still significant number, $165 million is referenced on page 9 and also in the realized gains page in the supplement. I understand that this is all about hedge ineffectiveness and about certain hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting but how should we think about these losses, are they economic? Should we ignore them in your opinion, David? How do you think about this because they are running through your P&L so clearly the SEC feels they are meaningful. They are hitting your book value, what is your view on these $165 million and similar charges and previous periods? 
David Johnson : Eric, the vast majority of what you saw in the fourth quarter was loss as associated with credit derivative position that is what is recorded in that line and I look at that in two different ways depending on the credit derivative strategy. Portion of that loss is the credit derivative strategies where we did effectively replication trade and took credit risk, very similar to the risk we would take by owning a corporate bond, by assuming credit risk through buying or selling credit derivative and then also getting other fixed income investment associated with it. What you are seeing here is akin to the swing in the fair value of that replicated trade that otherwise would have been reported in AOCI if this had just been a traditional corporate bond. So I look at that as when I look at this as accounting noise is because these reflects a change in fair value. On the other hand I look at the fact that fair value is going to swing a fair bit when credit spreads cap out as they are in the current scenario and we would look for the vast majority of our corporate bond portfolio losses that you are seeing in unrealized loss in AOCI to come back and I would feel the same way about the credit default swaps which tend to be a tenured contract that you see marked in this line. Now on the other hand, there is another strategy and these are roughly half each in terms of the credit derivative loss that you see in that line associated with ownership of index swaps where we basically took the risk of changes in value in some indexes, index associated with commercial mortgages and that is a short term strategy, if we do not decide to roll over the positions in the first half of this year, that will be real economic loss.
Eric Berg: Okay, and then I have one business question for Liz; it is actually a follow up to Andrews earlier question on group insurance. I notice that you reported 1% year over year premium growth in the quarter, 4% for the year. I tend to look at that number even though it is simple, I do not think it is simplistic in the sense that that is your GAAP revenue or your largest component of the GAAP revenue towards everything else in the revenue section of the P&L. Do you think Liz that the1% and the 4% for the quarter and the year are being held down by being distorted or are those number representative of the said ongoing growth power of the business?
Liz: I tend to think of the on growing growth power of the business more in the 4-5% range. So some of that is again two core lines life and disability and we sell some other supplemental products and we see a lot of choppiness in those, so, I see the underlying and we had the IMS business, so some of that is noise, obviously that the business is in a saturated market, we are a very big player in the market. We are number two in both in force and disability, and number three in life and from my new sales perspective as of 9/30 we were number two in both. So, there are big player, huge employers are not being created everyday, but I would say is we still see earnings power probably in that line but maybe higher over time as we continue to manage loss cost price well and gain efficiencies. But in the near term you are looking at a probably a 4-6% kind of runrate over time and you will have some higher or lower depending on some of that noise. 
Eric Berg: That was great! Actually one more just a quick question, in the past I have asked you about your retirement businesses and it certainly is encouraging and it is noteworthy and encouraging that the assets are growing rapidly, and I understand that you are investing in these businesses with the new wholesalers and spending money in other ways to build out a platform. What sort of timetable can you offer up for the earnings to begin trending upward? They seem in the supplement to be sort of stuck in the low 20s area, and while I understand that, again this is the ratings, the patterns of earnings is being sort of break to retarded by the investment spending that you are doing. When are we going to get the good stuff, so to speak, the high earnings?
John Walters: Let me comment on the retirement business. We made some significant investments in the retirement business in 2007, both investments in the technology and infrastructure that supports it, and the three acquisitions that we announced in the fourth quarter. So this is the business that we are very excited about and these have been one of our fastest growing businesses and we expect it to continue to be in the future. What you should expect to see is as we close these three acquisitions, one of which is Tom said is already closed here in the first quarter, then we will be working on integrating all of those acquisitions and bringing these together and we will have doubled the assets we had before, that should give us economies of scale and the ability to invest in the business, while the earnings start to materialize. Our estimate is that the integration will take about two years to fully complete. We got to bring three different platforms together into one platform which is what our intent is. We have not yet finalized which direction we are going with that but we expect to do that by the end of the second quarter, and then we will be moving on the inauguration plan. So my sense is that you will get little impact from these acquisitions for the scale of the business in 2008, and probably most of 2009 as we do the integration and then it should improve the earning levels after that point.
David Johnson: Just to add to that, obviously the long term strategic intent is to make this a big part of our overall portfolio given that it plays right to our sweet spot in terms of capabilities and just looking at the demographic and rounding out the offering that we could bring to the retail financial advisers, so we are investing now but we plan on having retirement plans be a huge part our overall business
Eric Berg: It is very clear that you are succeeding in the asset growth areas. So a job well done.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Finkelstein with Fox-Pitt Kelton
Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt Kelton:   I just have two quick questions. David on the last call you talked about potentially hedging certain element of SFAS157, knowing that there were some kinds of economic or non economic considerations with that. I am just curious where you at and how should we be thinking about the volatility around results if you do not go down that path going forward.
David Johnson :  That it is a good question, short answer is that we are still thinking about it. We continue to refine our understanding of 157 and our implementation of. I think the good news is, it is looking like the implementation of the new 157 model will have an impact on the sensitivity of the liability to market changes versus what it was under 133, but perhaps not as much, so that takes a little bit of the urgency off to make wholesale changes. But we are still on about the same analysis that we were before, which is to get that done in the first quarter or so. Operator we have time for one more question. Is Paul Newsome still on the line?
Operator: That was the last question
David Johnson: Well, I am going to bring this call to a close. We are please to report the record year for 2007. As I mentioned to the core earnings exceeded $3.5 billion and our return on equity has exceeded 15% this year on the net income basis and our capital position in an excellent shape. And I know 2008 will bring some market related challenges. We certainly look forward to meeting those challenges and continue to execute well in all of our businesses. I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call today.
Operator: That concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.
