===== 2025 Q1  (2025-02-27 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session. If at any time during this call you require assistance, please press star zero for the operator. This call is being recorded on Thursday, February 27, 2025. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jess Blomberg, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jess Blomberg: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2025. We released results this morning before the market opened. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website, hormelfoods.com, under the investor section, along with our supplemental slide materials. On our call today is Jim Snee, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and John Ghingo, Executive Vice President of the Retail segment. Jim and Jacinth will review the company's fiscal 2025 first quarter results and provide a perspective on the remainder of the year. Then John will join Jim and Jacinth for the Q&A portion of the call. The line will be open for questions following the prepared remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. At the conclusion of this morning's call, a webcast replay will be posted to our investors' website and archived for one year. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to reference our safe harbor statement. Some of the comments we make today will be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by statements we will be making. Please refer to our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. Additionally, please note we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures this morning. Management believes that doing so provides investors with a better understanding of the company's underlying operating performance. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Further information about our non-GAAP financial measures, including our comparability items and reconciliations, are detailed in our press release, which can be accessed from our corporate or investor website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee. 
Jim Snee: Thank you, Jess. Good morning, everyone. We achieved solid top-line results in the first quarter and made great progress against our key priorities. We are on track to drive growth in the back half of the year and deliver on our 2025 expectations. Our value-added portfolio is strong and performing well, evidenced by our top-line performance and our leadership positions in the marketplace. We grew organic net sales 1% in the first quarter, which is encouraging given the dynamic consumer environment. Demand for key brands, including Spam, Applegate, Jennie-O, Hormel, Black Label, Hormel Fire Braised Meats, and Café H globally inspired proteins, was strong. Our value-added portfolio continues to be highly relevant to customers, consumers, and operators. Our teams executed well in the first quarter to deliver these results, and I'd like to highlight a few of the initiatives that contributed to our organic top-line growth. In retail, focusing our resources on our flagship and rising brand has proven to be highly effective. We grew overall volume and net sales for these brands, led by Spam, Applegate Natural and Organic Meats, Hormel Black Label Bacon, and Jennie-O Lean Ground Turkey. One of our most iconic brands, Spam, has increased households and attracted younger consumers due to our focused investment. In the first quarter, this included the successful sizzle marketing campaign, on-trend flavors like Korean barbecue, and new avenues of product usage, such as the launch of Spam Musubi in a national retail chain sushi department. Our investment and focus behind this brand is spotlighting its versatility and potential for continued growth. The success of the Applegate brand in the quarter reflects our continued focus on leaning into our loyal consumers' values. We understand that the Applegate consumer expects high-quality, great-tasting products with simple ingredient statements. This is just one reason the brand is leading the way in their respective categories in the natural channel. We are also using innovation to generate additional growth. Most recently, we launched two new Applegate frozen convenient breakfast platforms, with breakfast sandwiches and pancake and sausage sticks. This innovative and consumer-focused approach has fueled growth for the Applegate brand, driving volume and dollar growth across categories. Another flagship brand, Hormel Black Label Bacon, continued to showcase the power of protein meeting indulgence. After a remarkable fiscal 2024 for Hormel Black Label, we are proving that the momentum we are building for the brand is lasting. The team continues to lean into powerful marketing and innovation, and our latest innovation, Hormel Black Label Oven Ready, delivers an easy, convenient, mess-free way to cook bacon. Despite a challenging macro environment, I am encouraged by the volume-led growth from our flat and we expect our focused efforts to continue delivering results. A key driver of retail's momentum is the recovery of our Planters business, our largest flagship brand. The first quarter met our expectations, with significant sequential recovery in the marketplace. The team has been taking the right actions to return the brand to top-line growth, with improved fill rates, distribution gains, and accelerated innovation. During the holiday season, our team introduced five limited-time flavors to generate excitement, and these flavors brought a younger and incremental consumer to the snack nuts category. The Planters brand also played a starring role in our "Here for the Snacks" campaign. Seasonality for many of our retail brands peaks around the big game. Benefiting from the alignment that our go-forward structure has created, we were organized to implement a scaled multi-brand event integrating Planters, Hormel Pepperoni, Hormel Gatherings, Herdez, and Hormel Chili into a single campaign. This initiative represents a significant shift in how we show up in the retail space. We transitioned from individual brand investments to a comprehensive multi-brand media plan while capitalizing on a strategic partnership with ESPN. The scale of our relevant portfolio changed our interactions with customer partners. For example, we've doubled our in-store display counts compared to last year and received numerous accolades from our trusted retailers. Looking ahead for the retail segment, I am confident in our team's ability to build on the momentum we experienced in the first quarter with our flagship and rising brands. The breadth of our portfolio will continue to allow us to navigate the consumer environment. Expect to see innovative solutions addressing convenience and flavor needs launching in the coming months, along with continued advertising support for our key brands to drive profitable top-line growth. Shifting now to our food service segment, I would be remiss if I didn't start by acknowledging the upcoming retirement of Mark Weber, our Group Vice President of Food Service. After an incredible 37-year career with Hormel Foods, Mark has been pivotal in the successful development and evolution of our $3.8 billion food service segment. And I know many of you have enjoyed meeting with Mark over the years. His passion for great food, his care for the team, and his accountability to our customers and company will be greatly missed. We also announced David Weber, a 33-year Hormel Foods team member and current Vice President of Food Service Sales, will succeed Mark to lead the food service segment. I look forward to many of you meeting David out on the road later this year, and I'm confident you will be energized by his passion for the industry and for our company. The food service segment's results have been driven by strong performance across the premium prepared proteins, turkey, premium bacon, and breakfast sausage categories. Products such as branded Jennie-O turkey items, Hormel Fire Braised Meats, and Café H globally inspired proteins delivered strong volume and net sales growth in the quarter. Impressively, premium prepared proteins achieved a fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit net sales growth. Looking ahead for food service, we expect the team to continue driving growth through our solutions-based portfolio, the knowledge and expertise of our direct selling organization, and our diverse channel and market presence. Turning now to our international segment, the first quarter was marked by several highlights demonstrating how we continue to develop our global presence. Two of our biggest global brands, Spam and Skippy, excelled in the first quarter through branded exports. In China, a team advanced our snacking strategy with the introduction of barbecue bites, further solidifying our presence in the meat snacking category. The barbecue bites deliver an everyday offering with on-trend flavors and are a welcome alternative to carb-based snacks. We also continue to benefit from our partnership with Garuda Food in the quarter, driving our snacking efforts into new channels with plans for further expansion into new markets in the future. After a strong recovery by our international segment last year, we continue to expect another year of growth in fiscal 2025. We also made solid progress on our Transform and Modernize initiative. Our commitment remains to transform and modernize our processes, our portfolio, and the way we create value in order to return the company to its historical earnings trajectory. Let me remind you that this is not a cost savings initiative, but a program designed to generate growth through investments in our people, processes, data and technology, and our brands. In return, we will generate a continuous growth flywheel that allows top-line momentum and bottom-line returns. We continue to optimize our portfolio in the quarter, divesting a non-core sow farm operation. This was our last connection to vertically integrated pork, further demonstrating our commitment to reducing commodity and simplifying our portfolio. As we shared in our last call, we expect fiscal 2025 to be a milestone year in our Transform and Modernize initiative, as we expect to deliver $100 million to $150 million in additional benefits. We are off to a great start in 2025 and remain focused on achieving our three-year goal. Before I turn it over to Jacinth for further details on our results, I want to take a moment to reference my recent retirement announcement. As you saw in the news release, a search is underway for the next leader of our company. I want to emphasize my personal commitment and confidence in our ability to achieve our fiscal 2025 goals. We have started the year on track, and it is my firm belief that we have the right strategy in place, the right focused resources, and the best brands, products, and team members to continue to drive long-term sustainable earnings growth. With that, I will turn the call over to Jacinth to discuss our financial commentary related to the first quarter and details on our outlook.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you, Jim. And good morning, everyone. As Jim noted, we achieved solid top-line results in the first quarter and made great progress on our strategic priorities. Net sales for the quarter were $3 billion, a 1% organic increase over last year. Foodservice led our top-line growth, primarily driven by strong performance across many of our premium categories. The retail segment benefited from growth in our value-added portfolio, and the international segment saw growth from their China business and exports. Our gross profit margin was 15.9%. Value-added growth was more than offset by year-over-year margin pressures related to the Planters recovery, higher commodity input costs, namely pork, beef, and nuts, and the supply chain impacts of bird illnesses. For the first quarter, adjusted SG&A expenses increased 2.5%, mainly due to employee-related expenses. We continue to invest in our leading brands. We spent $43 million in advertising expenses during the first quarter, and as Jim noted, we plan to increase brand support to drive growth for fiscal 2025. Interest and investment income for the first quarter decreased, primarily due to lower performance from the Rabbi Trust. The effective tax rate was 21.8%, which is favorable compared to the prior year due to the purchase of federal transferable energy credits. We reported diluted earnings per share of $0.31 for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.35. Turning now to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $309 million for the first quarter. We invested $72 million of capital expenditures, and our largest spend was for value-added capacity unlocks. We continue to estimate capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 to be $275 to $300 million, with a focus on capacity, infrastructure investments, and new technology. We are committed to dividend growth and remain a proud dividend aristocrat. We paid our 386th consecutive quarterly dividend during the quarter at an annual rate of $1.16 per share, a 3% increase over last year. We ended the first quarter with $2.9 billion in net debt and remain at the low end of our stated net debt to EBITDA target. Our overall value-added portfolio performed well in the marketplace and exceeded our expectations. The Planters recovery is on track, and the brand delivered as expected in the quarter. As anticipated, we experienced negative impacts from lower year-over-year turkey markets and lower investment income. Additionally, we faced incremental headwinds as we navigated the supply chain impact of bird diseases and the commodity market input costs, which were significantly higher year-over-year and above our expectations. Taken together, our first-quarter earnings were in line with our expectations. Looking ahead to the second quarter, for retail, we expect net sales to be comparable to the prior year. In foodservice, we expect mid-single-digit growth in organic net sales. We expect strong top-line performance for the international segment, resulting in high single-digit growth. We expect growth in our value-added portfolio and benefits from our Transform and Modernize initiative to be partially offset by lower investment income and higher investment in people, data, technology, and brand support. Additionally, we are pleased with our significant market recovery in the Planters business. However, we will have a difficult year-over-year comparison in the second quarter, given the strong brand performance in the prior year. We are also monitoring pressures in the turkey supply chain as we navigate bird diseases impacting poultry and will take appropriate actions to preserve profitability. Overall, for the second quarter, we expect our bottom line to be comparable to the first quarter and below the prior year. Shifting now to our second-half guidance, we expect to significantly benefit from the recovery of our Planters brand. Value-added turkey is assumed to be a tailwind in the second half, and we are confident in our supply position. We anticipate broad-based growth in the food service segment and continued growth in China in the international segment. Continued investments in our brands and the Transform and Modernize initiative will drive value. For the full year, we are reaffirming our organic net sales growth outlook of 1% to 3% and adjusted diluted net earnings per share expectations of $1.58 to $1.72. We remain confident in our outlook for bottom-line growth from each segment in the second half of the year and remain committed to delivering long-term value through strategic execution, including continued success from our Transform and Modernize initiatives. To conclude our remarks, we are pleased with our strong top-line results this quarter, reflecting the strength in our value-added portfolio and leadership position in the marketplace. As we look ahead, we are confident in our execution of our strategic priorities, including our Transform and Modernize initiatives. Our solid financial foundation and strategic focus position us well to achieve our targets and continue delivering sustainable growth. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question and answer portion of this call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. If you have a question, please press star followed by the one on your touch-tone phone. You will hear a prompt that your hand has been raised. Should you wish to decline from the polling process, please press star followed by the two. If you are using a speakerphone, please lift the handset before pressing any keys. One moment, please, for your first question. Your first question comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Peter Galbo: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for the questions. Jim, Jacinth, just wanted to unpack the EPS cadence a bit more. You know, obviously, the first quarter, I think you said was in line, but maybe came in a couple of pennies below, you know, where we had talked about last quarter. I think you were looking for a four to five cent headwind from planters in Turkey in the first quarter. Maybe it seems like that came in a bit more than the flattening out kind of of the 2Q EPS at a similar rate to 1Q, you know, would imply that you're pushing, I don't know, five-ish cents of EPS into the back half of the year, and it's a pretty steep ramp as you get there. So just curious what gives you, you know, confidence that you can actually effectively ramp the EPS, you know, to the level it needs to be in the back half of the year and the building blocks to help us get there.
Jim Snee: Sure. Good morning, Peter. Thanks for the question. You know, as we deconstruct really what we've been saying over the last year, I think it's important for us to have that conversation again and really demonstrate why we're well-positioned for a strong second half. And probably the best way to think about it is what hasn't changed from what we've been talking about and then what has changed. And so what hasn't changed is the fact that our value-added business in retail continues to perform well. The Planters recovery, the Planters performance is on track. You know, and again, just as a reminder, we'll have a strong second half with favorable year-over-year comps, broad-based growth in food service, and again, after a strong recovery in 2024, steady strong growth in international. Right? Those are the things that haven't changed and have remained consistent. The part that has changed from what we talked about in Q4 is the fact that we've experienced some pressures, especially in the near term, on our turkey supply chain. And so as we're thinking about that for the balance of the year, we've had to take some strategic pricing actions that are in place. And although we won't recognize the benefit of that in Q2, so we'll have the pressure but not the benefit in Q2, which is why we've guided you so prescriptively in that quarter. But we will get the benefit in Q3 and Q4. And so when we think about that back half of the year, it's a very achievable second half. We understand that it's strong, but there's not a lot that's changed from what we told you, and we've taken the right actions on the turkey complex.
Jacinth Smiley: And, Peter, to provide just a little bit more color in terms of order of magnitude for the second half, obviously, as you mentioned, we expect Planters to be a big contributor to the bottom-line growth. And next is Transform and Modernize. That initiative continues to deliver strongly, we're off to a strong start. We expect the second half to be even stronger, and the rest of the value-added portfolio continues to grow. So that will deliver growth in the second half as well. So the bottom line is overall, our value-added business is strong, as we have said, and we expect growth from every segment of the business in the second half, which is what gives us our confidence in our guide.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Thanks for all of that. Very, very clear. And, Jim, I just was hoping maybe you could elaborate a bit more on the CEO search process, the succession planning. I think, historically, you know, Hormel we've thought of as kind of growing people internally and promoting from within has, I think, been the history. But just curious if there's any different in the thinking this time around with the board on being more aggressive in an external search. Thanks very much.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Thanks for that question, Peter. You know, I think it's important, you hear all the time, right? The most important responsibility of the board is to make sure they select the right CEO for the job. And, you know, as I think about my time and tenure in the role, you know, I've had the chance to really build the next wave of company leaders. We think about everything that we've got done and that we've had to navigate, I mean, it's pretty impressive, and I'm really proud of the work that we've done. And then building this next wave of company leaders and having many of them in place is what really sets our company up for the future. And I believe that the next leader can help finish some of the work that we've started, thinking about the Transform and Modernize initiatives, and also be formative in the years that follow. And so, you know, the search committee is hard at work, just like you said, giving good consideration to both internal and external candidates, which is absolutely the right thing to do. Right? You want to have that rigor and make sure that you properly survey the landscape. And it's more important for them to get it right than it is for them to go fast. And so I am very confident that whether it's internal or external, we're gonna find the right person to lead the company into the future. And then also, until that transition takes place, I'm not going anywhere. I'm focused on the business. I'm engaged with the team. Right? And we're driving to deliver our 2025 goals. And even beyond that, you know, as needed, I'm available and will be a strategic adviser to the organization. So we're in a really good place with everything that we've done and have yet to come. But really appreciate the question.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. On the pressures in the near term on the turkey supply chain that you referenced, could you maybe elaborate a little bit on what those pressures are, what exactly you're feeling, and given that, you know, whole bird turkey prices, as far as we can tell, haven't really moved, how comfortable are you in taking pricing and having your customers accept this pricing willingly, you know, in light of the underlying commodity maybe not having moved so much, if that's the right way to think it.
Jim Snee: Ken, thanks for that question. You know, and the way we described it is strategic pricing actions across the entire turkey complex. And so we want to make sure that we make the distinction that this is a fundamentally different conversation than we had last year. You know, last year, we were talking about pure commodity markets, commodity items like whole birds, and we are positioned very differently. And so we are thinking about the complex, but a big part of that complex is the value-added business that we have in turkey, both in retail and in food service. And so when we think about really the two factors that are driving these actions, there's some turkey illness in the supply chain that's providing some pressure and having supply chain impact. But then the other side is just there are a number of underlying turkey categories or commodities that are at all-time highs. And so, you know, when we think about those markets relative to value-added pricing, that's what we know how to do, and that's how we know how to manage a business. And obviously, John will have a big impact in terms of that value-added complex. So maybe, John, you can add a little more color.
John Ghingo: Yeah. Thank you. And thanks, Ken, for the question. So just to expand on that comment a little bit, this year is different from a turkey perspective. I mean, last year, we were talking about commodity whole birds. Now we are talking about value-added turkey and a significant consumer opportunity with that value-added complex. And if you look at poultry, and in particular, ground turkey, it's very aligned with consumer needs. So consumers continue to seek lean sources of protein, poultry's a great choice. As just one example of where we see the appeal of poultry is among the GLP-1 community. So it's very early days on GLP-1. Still a lot to learn about the impacts of GLP-1, but some of the early research we are seeing shows that in addition to fresh fruit or weight management products, poultry and fish are among the highest growth categories experiencing increased consumption for those on GLP-1. So, you know, and then you look at it from a lifestyle and usage perspective, ground turkey is a very versatile option for consumers. It plugs in very well for everyday life and different food experiences. So with the number one brand nationally, in Jennie-O and ground turkey, we're in a great position to capitalize on that growing consumer market. And in fact, if you look at the first quarter of the year, Jennie-O is up 6% in volume, and that was, you know, that's scanner data, consumption data, but that's within a growing category. So demand has been very strong for some time, and the trends underneath that rising demand we believe are longer-term in nature. So we really like that platform from a consumer perspective as well.
Ken Goldman: Great. That's helpful. Thank you. And as a follow-up, and to build on Peter's question, Jim, I think, you know, first of all, congrats on your coming retirement. I would be curious for a little more color and some of the questions we're getting from investors, I'd like to pass on. You know, first of all, you know, was there any consideration to waiting on the announcement until a successor was found, just given that it, I think, some interpreted the move as a little more sudden and unexpected to the board. If that's wrong, I'd love to hear your thoughts on that. And then is now really the ideal time is the other question I get. Just given the transformation and modernization program, you know, especially how much of that growth really needs to come next year, you know, to have someone new in the seat, is that the ideal, you know, situation for the company? So, you know, I know there's never a perfect time, but just wanted to get some of your added thoughts on that if I could.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Thanks, Ken. And first, thanks for the congratulations. I appreciate that. You know, and absolutely, the questions you're asking are the questions I've been getting for, what, six weeks now. And I think there's a couple of things at play here. And I'll go back to what I said. Right? The most important job of the board is to make sure that they pick the right CEO. And so the way we're going at it this time, which I think is very responsible in terms of serving the internal and external landscape. If you're gonna go and look at the external landscape, it's hard to tell somebody you're gonna recruit them to be CEO when there's a CEO in the chair who hasn't announced a retirement. So I think that in and of itself is a really important consideration in the process. And so, yep, could you have waited? I suppose, but it would've put more pressure on the process, and I just don't think that's fair to the organization. I think the way that we announced it and said, hey, you know, Jim's gonna be here through the end of the year. Jim's gonna be a strategic adviser as needed. And I think that's really important to the second part of your question. To say, these are big initiatives that are started under my watch with, I mean, the entire team committed to these Transform and Modernize initiatives. So it's not Jim Snee who's executing against the Transform and Modernize initiative every single day. It's the incredible team that we have that has bought in, they see the need, and they believe in the opportunity. So that work is underway, and that work continues. And as we've said, it really turns into this powerful growth flywheel over time, becoming even more powerful. The last part I would say, Ken, and this is another thing that deserves strong consideration. If I wait till the end of Transform and Modernize, and I say, I'm done, I'm retiring, and now the next person has to come in and then say, oh, what's next? That's not fair to that person. So I think this allows us to continue the execution of T and M that's already underway, it gives the next person appropriate time to really think about and formalize or put together their plan for the future. Right, rather than having to have that on them in day one. And so I think the timing actually makes a lot of sense. Yes, it's maybe a little bit different than we've done in the past, but I also think we're a different organization than we've been in the past, and some of the things that we've undertaken are different than we've undertaken in the past, really set us up for the future. So long-winded answer, but hopefully, as you start to put all those puzzle pieces together, you see how it really does make sense for the organization.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Your line is now open.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I need to follow-up on turkey. So I estimate that you guys have lost something north of 5% of your supply, and all but in the dark meat complex has moved considerably. But the lighter meat pricing has started to move, and the pricing commentary on whole birds has definitely gotten more constructive as shortages start to take effect in the marketplace. So just wondering when you're framing your full-year outlook, are you assuming any benefit from the more positive commentary that we're hearing on whole bird pricing, or are you only assuming benefit from passing through higher pricing on the value-added portion?
Jacinth Smiley: Good morning, Heather. Thanks for the question. So our assumptions on whole birds have not changed in our plan. So that's consistent. And so the change that we're referencing here relates to the rest of the turkey complex and the pressure that we're seeing on the rest of that turkey supply chain. And when we talk about pricing action, it's specific to that. And so that's what's changed in our assumptions as we look at what we guided before and where we're coming off Q1 and when we think about the back half tailwind is really specific to the rest of the turkey complex.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you for that. And then my follow-up is when you take your guide and just back into rough math on the EBIT side, to get to the 2026 number implied at your 2023 analyst day, I mean, it implies somewhere between 15% to almost 25% EBIT growth in 2026. And just wondering if you could talk to your comfort level on that, and two, what would drive that kind of growth? Because, I mean, that's a pretty substantial growth number, you know, for any packaged food company. So just would be curious to hear your thoughts on that.
Jim Snee: Yep. Thanks, Heather. And I think, again, consistent with the commentary and discussion that we had on our Q4 call, which was really our Transform and Modernize update. You know, as we laid out, you know, we do believe that we're still on track to deliver that 2026 number. And, you know, as I just mentioned to Ken, right, this Transform and Modernize work is creating this powerful growth flywheel that's only going to accelerate as we continue to move along. And so it is a combination of underlying growth in our business, and I think we've kind of laid that out in terms of value-added business, retail, food service, international, reasons to believe there. And then when you supplement that with the power of Transform and Modernize and how that's going to escalate over time, yep, that's what gives us confidence. So we're not gonna get into the specifics. Obviously, we'll continue to give you updates as we progress. It's those two things that have not changed from our perspective in Q4 of last year.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. And Jim, also congrats on your retirement.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Thanks, Rupesh. Thanks.
Rupesh Parikh: So maybe, I guess, to start out, just a question just on margins. So, obviously, gross margins are down in Q1. Wanna get a sense of how you guys would think about the interplay between gross margin SG&A for Q2 and then for the balance of the year.
Jacinth Smiley: Good morning, Rupesh. So when we think about our margins for Q2, we signaled that we expect it to be right, comparable to Q1. You know, we will see margin pressure coming off of our Q1 going into Q2. Our top line for sure is going to continue to be strong, but our margins will be pressured by the turkey supply as we talked about. We expect Planters to continue to recover, but we don't see that full recovery until we get into the back half of the year. And so quarter over quarter, we will see a comparable Q1 to Q2 relative to Q1, really driven by turkey and nuts.
Jim Snee: Then, Rupesh, I think it just said a different way. You know, we're gonna have gross margins that are down versus last year, but we do expect sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2. And, you know, as Jacinth said, you know, where those pressure points are, you know, really driven by turkey market dynamics in the second quarter. But, again, I think as we're thinking about not just the second quarter, back half of the year and beyond, the portfolio is really well-positioned to drive growth and ultimately exceed historical margin levels.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay. Great. And then maybe just one follow-up question for John. You've been now with the company for a few quarters, so I just want a sense from your perspective how the business has performed versus expectations. Whether you see any new opportunities at the structure.
John Ghingo: Oh, that's great, Rupesh. Thank you for that opportunity. Yeah. I have, excuse me, I've been back almost six months now, and I've been touching on three themes, so I'll I guess I'll touch on each one of those quickly here. First, it's been great to see the transformation happening in the company. Now that was well underway when I walked back in the door. We talk about our transformation and modernization work externally, but as a returning employee, it has been striking to see from inside the company just how many important changes we are making to refresh and update and modernize the company. Now some of that, I would say, is, you know, things that are low-hanging fruit or would be more typical in the industry. But some of it is truly work that is gonna help us leapfrog with better technology, better data, better processes, and across the board, it's been great to see how our people have been able to elevate their work, improve their decision-making through that transformation. So that was kind of one big observation. Second, it has been extremely encouraging to see the progress we're already making on the retail business. The unified approach Jim mentioned earlier to one retail is clearly beginning to work. You know, if you look at the strong consumption momentum on our flagship and rising brands that we saw in the first quarter of the year, to the stronger capabilities and bigger customer relationships we're able to build to our first-ever scale program. Jim mentioned it here for the snacks program in the first quarter. There's plenty of evidence of momentum that retail is on the right path. So that's kind of the second key point I would make. And then the third is, I think, to what you were asking around the opportunity I see, and it really comes down to our unique portfolio that we have with Hormel. So we have a very diverse and compelling roster of leading brands. And a lot of that is anchored around protein. So, you know, if you think about protein, it is a wonderful place to be anchored in the food industry from a long-term perspective. On top of that, our capabilities to bring convenience, taste, relevant innovation, to that portfolio of proteins is extremely powerful. So for me, the next step is bringing that journey on a very strong consumer focus and lens to that opportunity, and I think we have the ability to really set ourselves apart. If you look at everything from substantial nourishing snacks, which are in very high demand, to convenient food-forward satisfying meals based around protein all throughout the day. We have a lot of opportunity. So bringing that strong consumer dimension, I call it our third dimension, will really push us forward and help propel us. So, yes, I guess, in summary for your question, extremely encouraged with the progress I've seen to date. But even more excited about the future.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. Thank you for all the color, and best of luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Ben Theurer: Yeah. Thank you very much for taking my question also. From my side, Jim, all the best for retirement even if it's still a few months out that you need to hang out. Wanted to just like maybe to go a little bit deeper into some of the segment dynamics, particularly in retail. It feels like and you've called this out in the prepared remarks and during some of the commentary already. To some of, like, still solid underlying growth trends. And this is really just a question as to how these categories that you're having within retail that have been showing a more positive momentum growth just in the right categories and kind of, like, tying it back a little bit into what the benefits from Transform and Modernize are going to be as we think about this beyond 2025 into 2026. What are your, like, internal assumptions of, like, these categories that already are growing and kind of, like, outperforming? How are they expected to continue to perform into next year? Is that a key component in order to get to these 2026 targets? And if so, what gives you the confidence in that momentum to stay?
John Ghingo: Yeah. Thank you for the question. This is John. I'll take this one to start off with just kind of looking at the retail portfolio and our confidence around it to get to that part of the question first. You know, we love the breadth and strength of our portfolio. You know, I'll start by saying that. And I think we play broadly from the standpoint of pricing tiers. Number one, you know, we have accessible affordable brands, mainstream brands, and we play up through premium, which gives us some resilience and versatility in different economic conditions for consumers. And the second part I'll just talk about is value. Right? So, you know, we're working closely with consumers around our branding categories, what we hear a lot is, it's not all about price. It really is about value. And the way they think about value is, you know, price as an element but it goes well beyond. So they're thinking about quality, they're thinking about convenience, they're thinking about emotional and functional benefits of the brands and purchases they make. So when we look at that, we say our balanced portfolio is really, really, you know, not only a positive, but is truly a strength for us. And why I talk about that is if you just look at this moment in time with our Q1 earnings, and what's underneath that, you know, consumers make those judgments as to is it worth it? Are these brands worth it right now? Do I wanna pay? And we have three very different examples in our portfolio of three, you know, very different brands delivering value in different ways and all showing very strong growth right now. So the three I would call out, one is Applegate. So Applegate is playing in the premium area around natural organic, and it is experiencing extremely strong growth behind differentiated product quality, brand building, product innovation. And then on the other hand, we have Spam. So Spam historically a more value-oriented brand, seeing growth from new multicultural consumers who are finding value by using Spam as part of new ethnic food solutions. And then the third example that Jim mentioned upfront is Hormel Black Label Bacon, where we're experiencing strong growth as we continue to raise the bar in the bacon category by offering value through innovative solutions that make bacon more convenient and more accessible, our microwave-ready bacon and our new oven-ready bacon as another example. So when I take all of that and look at it and say, you know, that's the kind of resilient portfolio that has true consumer breadth, right, that sets us up for long-term sustainable growth around our branded portfolio. And, you know, in the short run, you know, it looks great because we look at the consumption results where we're building momentum. The evidence of that, you can see in our Q1 consumption data where our flagship and rising brands, which is the full collection of our growth-focused brands, grew over 3% both dollar and volume consumption in the quarter, and that is with Planters still recovering. Outside of Planters, that growth has been over 5% in both dollar and volume consumption for the quarter versus prior year. So the strength of those brands really led the way for total Hormel retail to grow our dollar consumption versus prior year in a challenging environment. So as I look forward and look at the upside of these brands as we continue to advance our consumer insights, our marketing capability, our investment in these brands, and really bring that strong consumer lens that I mentioned earlier as an even stronger dimension, you know, we feel very good about the portfolio we have and our ability to navigate, you know, the years ahead with these brands and grow.
Jim Snee: Yeah. And, Ben, I think the other part of your question that's important to address is, you know, the impact of Transform and Modernize. And, you know, John did a great job talking about why, you know, we see those opportunities. But underneath that, obviously, is we need to be able to support innovation. And so a lot of the work that we're doing in terms of reshaping the portfolio for growth, but then as we think about portfolio optimization and making sure that there is room for these great innovations, that's an important part of the Transform and Modernize work. And then, also, we talked on Q4 about, you know, Hormel production system and making sure that we're as efficient as possible because that allows us to make sure that we have capacity to support the growth. So, you know, all of these things, again, linked together to give us that confidence in this retail business that John talked about over time.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Got it. And then quick follow-ups really, I think it's for Jacinth, just on advertising investments, which were basically flat versus a year ago. But if I remember right, you're guiding for an increase. So you've called out the lower investments for Planters, obviously, still in the ramp-up here. But is that essentially the part where you're expecting to see the ramp-up as you need to get back into the different point of sales in order to gain back the market share you lost because of the outages and stuff? And how should we think about the cadence of the increase of marketing expense throughout the rest of the year?
Jim Snee: Yeah. Ben, I mean, you've hit it right on the head. Right? It was we pulled back on some Planters to make sure we got the market recovery right. And we said we're doing that on we're on track. We will see the sequential ramp-up of investments, and I think the important thing here is that we do expect a full year of double-digit marketing and advertising increases.
Ben Theurer: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Palmer with Citi. Your line is now open.
Thomas Palmer: Hi. Good morning. And, Jim, I know this is probably not your last earnings call, but I do want to congratulate you.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Thank you, Tom.
Thomas Palmer: On Planters, I just wanted to clarify. It's good to hear the plant issues are resolved. What about on the distribution side? How much work is left to kind of regain distribution? Is there a point where we might see retail sales trends start to more clearly inflect? And then just the level of investment, be it, you know, traditional marketing or maybe slotting fees, how much does that really start to ramp? And how much, I guess, is that a consideration in 2Q versus the back half?
John Ghingo: Thanks for the question, Tom. This is John. I'll kind of ground us in where we are and I think what's ahead for Planters. So, yes, to your point, we continue to be fully recovered in our Suffolk facility and have been fully servicing our customers for Planters items out of that facility. Our inventory levels are in a good position, beginning to ramp back up our advertising and promotions. And we are seeing very clearly sequential improvement in our scanner data in terms of both points of distribution and overall consumption. So the distribution point specifically, last quarter, we talked about two different types of distribution losses. One, I would characterize more as holes on the shelf as a result of just not being able to get enough product to the shelf as quickly as we want to. Those types of holes were more temporary in nature, and we have recovered that distribution. The second type of distribution losses were where we didn't have sufficient supply and were taken out of a planogram or reset, taken out of the shelf set. Those, we are recovering largely. The places where we haven't recovered that type of distribution yet is largely related to timing, meaning waiting for the customer resets, which typically happen once or twice per year. So we are recovering distribution very well sequentially and on track to continue on that path. In terms of your question around the cost of that and any slotting investments, nothing has changed with that relative to our expectations and what we have projected in our plan. Now as we continue through the remainder of the second quarter, we expect to see that sequential progress continue. Although, I will note, we are lapping an incredibly strong second quarter of 2024 for Planters. And the year-ago consumption, the year-ago comparisons are very high for the second quarter of last year. Moving into the back half, we begin to lap those weaker comparisons in the second half of 2024. We will continue to drive our three-part plan. That is stepped-up advertising, strong in-store promotions, and increased focus on our exciting innovation. And if you remember, our new items, we talked about flavored cashews and the flavored nut duos. Both of those have proven to be highly incremental and attracting new younger households to the brand and to the category. So we're gonna continue to dial that up in the back half as well. And I'll finish just, you know, talking a little bit about Planters in general because it continues to be a tremendous opportunity and growth platform for us. The macro snacking trends are strong, in particular, consumer demand for nourishing snacks with substance and protein continues to grow. And the substantial nature of Planters to have a leading brand in this space with so much innovation potential is really an ideal growth platform for us. And then on top of that, on top of kind of the brand-specific opportunity, Planters opens up these portfolio opportunities for us as well. So if you think about how we're driving our new one retail operating model, in particular, Jim mentioned the "Here for the Snacks" program. Planters was a clear anchor for Hormel, and that snack program. We anchored around Planters, but then we added our other snacking platforms around that. Hormel Pepperoni, Herdez Salsa, Wholly Guacamole, Hormel Chili, and we were able to create our first true scale program with great success at retail. So to answer the question in summary, I would say feeling very good about the sequential improvement in Q2 and about the growth we should see in the second half.
Thomas Palmer: Great. Thanks for all that detail. Second, I wanted to ask on the input cost inflation commentary. You noted pork, beef, and nuts as running inflationary in the quarter. I guess, to what extent is it running consistent with what you expected? You did note the higher pricing in turkey. Are there pricing actions to consider for the other commodities?
Jim Snee: Yeah. Tom, those the ones we called out, you know, were higher than last year and slightly above our plan. You know, as we think about that, you know, we can manage commodity fluctuations because a lot of them were more pass-through pricing mechanisms. So an impact but certainly not the order of magnitude of the pressures in the turkey supply chain.
Thomas Palmer: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. And, Jim, congrats as well.
Jim Snee: Thanks, Michael.
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to see if we could get a better sense of maybe some of the price mix split or, you know, versus volume. You know, you've talked about how the turkey pricing is a big factor for the second half. The price mix was strong in 1Q, and volumes were down. So I guess I want to make sure we understand how much higher you expect price mix to go and what the pressure on volumes might look like. And I guess part of the question is a follow-up to your comments to Peter's first question, just talking about how, you know, what hasn't changed is the strength of the value-added business in retail, and it's performing well. I assume that means ex-Planters, obviously, because it masks some of the momentum and maybe just tying all that together, how to think about, you know, where we go from 1Q.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I think the big driver in that, Michael, and as we've talked about, you know, having Planters show that sequential improvement, and that's gonna continue to ramp up. I mean, that's a big part of that price mix ratio. And so having that come back into play and being in a much stronger position is really positive for us. Obviously, it's very accretive. And as we see that continue to ramp up in the back half of the year, and, of course, then with the year-over-year comps, it'll be very favorable.
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah. And the other thing I would add to that, Jim, is just from a year-over-year pricing perspective, in our center store portfolio, we had taken price in the second quarter of last year. And so in the first quarter, you're still seeing that pricing play through and some suppression of the volumes related to that center store portfolio. Very much in line or a little bit ahead of our elasticity assumptions that we had built in. But that will be, you know, behind us as we move through the second quarter. We'll pass the lapping of that pricing. That was the other dynamic.
Michael Lavery: And then I guess maybe just the same question, tweaked a little bit. You know, in the first quarter, your price mix in retail and, of course, we don't have the turkey segment separated. You know, we don't have visibility on that like we used to, but, you know, it being in retail and food service, you know, your price mix this quarter was highest in about seven or so quarters. Foodservice, it goes even a bit further back. The momentum is already very strong without the turkey pricing coming. I guess, you know, how much price should we be expecting? And are you suggesting it accelerates from here? There's the mix left from Planters you're pointing to as well. Maybe just help us, you know, understand how high that could go.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I think it really goes back to the strength of the value-added portfolio, Michael, and it is, you know, the beauty of our portfolio was value-added as in retail, it's in food service, and it's in international. And so, you know, I don't know beyond, you know, the Planters, the lapping of the pricing, you know, we haven't talked a lot about food service. But I think it's important to note that the food service segment does remain historically strong. You know, and that the top-line growth has been really broad-based for them. We did have some unfavorable comps expected in the first half, mainly through divestiture of HHL, some of the marketing dynamics, but they're able to be closer to the market in terms of pricing that is obviously a benefit for us. So, you know, I think really, the best answer is it's the entire value-added portfolio that really has strength for us, and we expect that to continue.
Michael Lavery: No. That's helpful. And maybe one last piece of that same question. What volume expectations really should we have? That's been pressured in retail for some time. The Planters piece is, of course, a part of that, but, you know, with such strong pricing, should we expect volumes down, or do you think that, you know, you'll see them both be positive? Maybe what's the breakdown of just how you're thinking about the year?
Jim Snee: Yeah. I mean, if you look at the Q1 dynamics around volume in retail, you mentioned snack nuts. You know, that is a factor, and I also mentioned the pricing impacts from a year ago, kind of lapping those pricing impacts. If you look at the consumption, you know, on our business and retail from a volume perspective, it's fairly flat, you know, despite some of those dynamics. And so we believe we can continue to, you know, hold and grow volume and hold and grow sales. Right? That's our expectation behind the strength of the overall portfolio.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pooran Sharma with Stephens. Your line is now open.
Pooran Sharma: Great. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to get a sense of what led you to kind of reduce the commodity exposure, was there something that happened during the quarter? Was it kind of just more of an opportunistic move? And just to follow-up on that, you've obviously been taking steps to reduce your commodity exposure over the past couple of years. Was just wondering if you could quickly remind us where you are at with this move now.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Pooran, that's a great question. And so you're referencing our Mountain Prairie divestiture, which was really the last piece of our business that was in, you know, hog live production. And so, you know, again, as we look across our organization and think about our differentiating capabilities, it's not in hog production. And so, you know, we've been in that business. We've, you know, through the Transform and Modernize process, as we think about portfolio optimization, and even though it's on the front end of the supply chain, still an important part of the portfolio, you know, it just didn't make sense for us. And when we think about the volatility that it could introduce from time to time, that's not the business that we're in. And so, I mean, it's very strategic. It's very thoughtful. Makes a lot of sense. So we're not in the hog production side at all. We certainly are in the hog harvest here at our Austin, Minnesota facility in a fairly sizable way. And we think that's an important part of our business. And so we're in a really good place on the hog side of our business.
Pooran Sharma: Great. Thank you for that color. And just wanted to ask about Transform and Modernize real quick. You said you made progress on all initiatives. Was just wondering if you could share any color in terms of the amount of progress and then if you could share any color in terms of the ramp for the new DC in Memphis?
Jacinth Smiley: Good morning, Pooran. So as we mentioned, we are really off to a good start here in 2025, coming off of a solid year in 2024 where we delivered what we said we would do on Transform and Modernize. And the guide that we've put out for 2025 is between $100 to $150 million, and we are on track to do that. And, yes, there will be a little bit of ramp as we go into the second half of the year when we think about those numbers and where we will land. And, you know, in general, you know, everything remains on track. I mean, we feel really good about the long term in delivering 2026 when we think about where we're investing in driving value for the organization. And so in terms of your next part of your question around, you know, the Memphis DC, I mean, that, of course, is part of this Transform and Modernize work that we're doing, which is designed to enhance our inventory flow and increase our distribution capacity for the business. So really part and parcel of how we're thinking about our network and getting closer to our customers and reducing logistics cost for the business.
Pooran Sharma: Great. Thanks for the color. And, Jim, congrats again on the announcement.
Jim Snee: Thanks, Pooran.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, should you have a question, please press star one. Your next question comes from Max Gumport with BNP. Your line is now open.
Max Gumport: Hey. Thanks for the question. On the last quarter, you talked about how the high end of your guidance range would be possible depending on better volume, better product mix, improved turkey markets, Transform and Modernize over delivery. It sounds like in terms of what we've learned so far through the first quarter, that improved turkey market piece probably is maybe not coming to fruition. It sounds like there's been pressure so far. So did you say coming out of the first quarter that you now view the high end of your guidance range as less likely given what you're seeing in turkey markets? Just wanted to clarify that. Thanks very much.
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah. Good morning, Max. So our guidance range, as we talked about before, calling out everything we said there and remembering what we said about what gets us to that high end of that range, which we consider to be very holistic. And so we are still committed to what gets us to that $1.72, which is the high end of the range. So that's consistent. Right? All those other things. The only thing that, you know, could change, and it's always the case, right? Turkey could play, right? Plays up and down the range that we have there. And that's the only thing that could change, but everything else that we talked about, right, higher volume, better mix, right? The Planters recover, which is on track. Transform and Modernize delivering, that's on track. Right? Getting returns from our marketing investments, all of those things are still in play. And, again, I mean, really just the turkey dynamic here that could skew across that cadence.
Max Gumport: Okay. Got it. Thanks very much. And then just on Transform and Modernize specific, I think last quarter, there was some confusion about how to think about various targets you have on Transform and Modernize in terms of what's net target for EBIT and what the gross target in terms of the savings. So you have an explicit target of the Transform and Modernize program driving $200 million plus in projected EBIT income from 2023 to 2026. We also have a target this year of getting savings that I believe are in a $100 to $115 million range. But can you just help us tie those three targets together? Maybe give us a sense for when you end FY 2025, how much of that $200 million plus in EBIT income from Transform and Modernize would you have expected to now have achieved? I'll leave it there. Thanks very much.
Jim Snee: Yeah, Max. I mean, I think there's a key here is this Transform and Modernize just continues to build. Right? And we talk about the growth flywheel that we've got in place. And this is only gonna continue to become more powerful and escalate. You know, our 2025 guide obviously has a portion of reinvestment as well when we think about brands, people, data. Right? There's a lot going on. Again, in terms of the specific breakdown, I think having Jacinth walk through that with you would be really helpful. But the key takeaway here for us in terms of Transform and Modernize and the success that we've seen, you know, off to a great start in 2025, will be another strong year. And really keeps us on track to deliver against what we've laid out here.
Max Gumport: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: No further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Jim for closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Good morning. And I want to thank all of you for joining us. You know, as we've discussed this morning, we achieved solid top-line results and remain on track to deliver against our 2025 expectations. And we'll do that with a strong value-added business in our retail segment, continued broad-based growth in food service, strong steady growth in international, the significant sequential market recovery of our Planters business, the on-track performance of our Transform and Modernize initiative, all of those things is what gives us the confidence to deliver on these expectations but more importantly, drive long-term and sustainable earnings growth. Thanks again for your time. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-12-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on Wednesday, December 4, 2024. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jess Blomberg, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jess Blomberg: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. We released results this morning before the market opened. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; John Ghingo, Executive Vice President of the Retail Segment; and Nathan Annis, Vice President of Corporate Development. Jim and Jacinth will review the company's 2024 fourth quarter and full year results and provide a perspective on our outlook for fiscal year 2025. Then Jim, Jacinth and Nathan will provide a holistic update on our Transform and Modernize initiative which was introduced at our 2023 Investor Day. John will join Jim, Jacinth and Nathan for the Q&A portion of the call. The line will be open for questions following Nathan's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. At the conclusion of this morning's call, a webcast replay will be posted to our investor website and archived for one year. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to reference our safe harbor statements. Some of the comments we make today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we are making. Please refer to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. Additionally, please note we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures this morning. Management believes that doing so provides investors with a better understanding of the company's underlying operating performance. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Further information about our non-GAAP financial measures, including our comparability items and reconciliations, are detailed in our press release which can be accessed from our corporate or investor website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Jess. Good morning, everyone. In fiscal 2024, we demonstrated the solid execution of our strategy, the power of our portfolio and the resilience of our team. In our business segments, we navigated a dynamic macro consumer environment by reinvesting in our brands, expanding market presence and introducing innovative solutions across our portfolio. In doing so, we delivered solid results coming in line with our adjusted diluted net earnings per share expectations for the year. We made significant progress in the first year of our Transform and Modernize initiative, delivering an impressive $75 million in operating income benefit and setting our company up for growth and long-term success. With our disciplined financial approach, the strength of our value-added portfolio and the benefits from Transform and Modernize, we delivered a record year of operating cash flow enabling us to return a record amount of cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends. In Retail, we leveraged the strength of our brands by prioritizing resources towards brands and categories where we know we can win. Flagship and rising brands such as Hormel Black Label, Jennie-O, SPAM and Applegate delivered strong growth and expanded households across on-trend categories. We brought meaningful consumer-centric innovation to our brands and fueled their growth through increased advertising investments. We continue to expand our leadership in our Foodservice segment, growing net sales by 6%, well above industry growth. This success highlighted the differentiated value and relevant offerings our dedicated team brings to the industry. The team executed on our strategic priorities by launching solution-based innovation for our operators and drove impressive growth in the convenience channel by expanding distribution of entertaining and snacking brands like Columbus and Gatherings. And as expected, we saw the strong recovery of our International segment. We increased branded exports for the SPAM family of products and Skippy peanut butter. We drove growth from investments in the Philippines and Indonesia and achieved a solid recovery of our China business. We remain well-positioned to deliver growth and expand our global presence. In addition to delivering on expectations and driving momentum with our value-added portfolio, we accomplished other considerable milestones in fiscal 2024. We drove a 140 basis point increase in our estimated net sales from innovation. Successful innovation underscores the importance of understanding consumer and operator needs and delivering effective solutions, especially in this dynamic macro environment. Our brand teams understand that consumers are hungry for new food experiences both in home and away from home. Innovation will continue to be foundational to our growth strategy supported by our exceptional R&D professionals, signature chefs and Brand Fuel team and the safety of our employees will always remain a pillar of our culture. I am proud to report that in fiscal 2024, we achieved our safest year in our company's history. This milestone is fundamental to our success and a testament to our team members' focus on our SAFETY FIRST culture. Cash flow has always been a bedrock of our company and this year we broke our all-time record for operating cash flow, delivering $1.3 billion for the year. The strength of our portfolio, the disciplined operation of our business and the success of our T&M initiative allowed us to deliver this significant achievement. As a result of our record operating cash flow and disciplined capital allocation strategy, we once again returned a record amount of cash to shareholders in the form of dividends. We also recently announced the 59th consecutive increase to our annual dividend, a record we are incredibly proud of. There are a number of reasons to be excited about the position we are in today because in fiscal '24 we overcame significant headwinds to deliver our earnings guidance. We leveraged the strength of our value-added portfolio across our Retail, Foodservice and International segments and we delivered $75 million of operating income benefits through our Transform and Modernize initiative. As we head into 2025, our brands continue to have either number one or number two share positions in over 40 retail categories. We are making strategic investments into flagship and rising brands like Hormel Black Label bacon, Planters, SPAM, Applegate and Jennie-O. Our Foodservice segment continues to provide unique value in the marketplace and our International segment is well-positioned to deliver growth and expand our global presence. Transform and Modernize is on track, delivering value and helping to return the company to its historical earnings trajectory. There is a growth mindset embedded in our culture allowing us to be more competitive, agile and capital-efficient. We are fueling investments back into the business to drive growth and deliver shareholder returns. The momentum in our underlying business coupled with the strength of our most transformative initiative ever gives me great confidence in our team, brands and companies. I will now transition the call to Jacinth for her remarks.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you, Jim. And to everyone joining us today, I would like to echo Jim's comments around the confidence in our business, the power of our portfolio and the strength of our global team and culture. Volume for the fourth quarter was 1.1 billion pounds and the net sales were $3.1 billion. For the full year, volume was 4.3 billion pounds and net sales were $11.9 billion. Gross margin in the fourth quarter and full year increased 50 basis points to 16.6% and 17%, respectively. This reflects the strength of our value-added portfolio and the early successes of our Transform and Modernize Initiative. Full year SG&A expenses increased compared to last year primarily due to employee-related expenses and the T&M initiative. We expect SG&A expenses to increase in fiscal 2025. Advertising investments for fiscal 2024 were $163 million, up 2% compared to last year. We have planned for double-digit percentage increases in advertising investments in fiscal 2025. For fiscal 2024, interest and investment income increased due to favorable Rabbi Trust performance and higher interest rate. Interest expense increased due to higher rates on debt issued during the year. Our fiscal 2025 expectations assume lower interest and investment income and comparable interest expense. Operating income for fiscal 2024 was $1.1 billion, operating margin was 9% and adjusted operating margin was 9.6%. The tax rate for fiscal 2024 was 22.3% and the effective tax rate for fiscal 2025 is expected to be in the range of 22% to 23%. For the full year, diluted net earnings per share was $1.47 and adjusted diluted net earnings per share was $1.58. Turning now to the balance sheet, we remain committed to dividend growth, investing in our business and maintaining our investment-grade rating. Our record cash flows from operations of $1.3 billion in fiscal 2024 and disciplined financial strategy directly support these commitments. In fiscal 2024, we returned a record $615 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends, including payment of our 385th consecutive quarterly dividend. We also recently announced an increase of our annual dividend of 3% to $1.16 per share for fiscal 2025. This will represent a remarkable 59th consecutive year of dividend increases. We invested $256 million in capital projects during fiscal 2024 and our largest projects were focused on capacity for value-added growth. We are targeting between $275 million and $300 million in capital projects for fiscal 2025. We ended the year with $2.9 billion of debt and over $765 million in cash and short-term securities. We remain comfortably within our stated goal of 1.5 times to 2 times net debt to EBITDA. Inventories finished the year at $1.6 billion, a decrease of $104 million from the beginning of the year. We enter fiscal 2025 with responsible levels of inventory to service our customers and ample production capacity to grow our business. Finally, I would like to provide additional color on a few items from fiscal 2024. First, as we noted during our third quarter earnings call, we experienced storm damage to our Papillion, Nebraska facility in early Q4. This event resulted in approximately $9 million of negative impact for the fourth quarter. Second, we made significant progress during the quarter regarding the Suffolk production disruption. We are improving fill rates, regaining distribution, refilling shelves and prioritizing innovation. At the same time, we do expect some near-term commercial impacts and higher costs, most notably in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. We expect to benefit from the recaptured momentum in the Planters brand starting in the second quarter of fiscal 2025. Lastly, in the final week of the fiscal year, we divested of our Hormel Health Labs business which was reported in our Foodservice segment and contributed 64 million pounds and $108 million of net sales to our top line and approximately one penny to adjusted EPS in fiscal 2024 which will not be repeated in future years. Shifting now to our fiscal 2025 outlook, we expect each segment to deliver top line growth as we continue to provide innovative offerings in the marketplace and increase investments in our brands. For full year fiscal 2025, we expect the following in each of our segments: Retail, comparable volume and low-single-digit increases in net sales; Foodservice after adjusting for Hormel Health Labs divestiture, mid-single-digit increases in volume and mid-single-digit increases in net sales; and for International, low-single-digit increases in volume and high-single-digit increases in net sales. We also anticipate segment profit growth from each segment for the full year with growth weighted towards the back half of the year. Regarding key input cost assumptions in our fiscal 2025 outlook, we expect pork input costs to be comparable to fiscal 2024 and remain above the five-year average; beef costs to continue to be a headwind, nut input costs to be a drag year-over-year; turkey markets to continue to be depressed for the full year with lower year-over-year whole bird prices specifically in the first quarter. Our outlook also accounts for a moderate benefit due to favorable grain prices. I would also like to note that we expect $0.04 to $0.05 of unfavorable earnings per share impact in the first quarter from lower year-over-year whole bird prices and the Suffolk production disruption. In total, we expect net sales of $11.9 billion to $12.2 billion, organic net sales growth of 1% to 3%, adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.58 to $1.72, and an estimated $100 million to $150 million of incremental benefits from the T&M initiative. To the entire Hormel Foods team around the globe, I thank you for your dedicated efforts in fiscal 2024 and I look forward to achieving our fiscal 2025 goals working alongside you. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Snee: Thanks, Jacinth. Please advance to Slide 13, where we will begin the next portion of our call and provide an update on our Transformation initiative. I will provide a brief introduction before turning the call over to Jacinth and Nathan. Just over one year ago at our 2023 Investor Day, we announced the most transformative initiative in our company's history. Our commitment is to transform and modernize our processes, our portfolio and the way we create value. We are doing this by investing in our people, data and technology and our brands. Today, you will hear about the significant progress we made in 2024 against our commitment. At Investor Day, we described three interconnected buckets of opportunity for earnings growth. As a reminder, the purpose of our growth initiative is to regain historical predictable earnings growth and drive long-term value. The Transform and Modernize benefits generate incremental investment to drive business growth. As our business grows, we expect to deliver even more benefits through our Transformational initiative. We are creating a sustainable growth engine for the company and watching year one unfold in such a powerful way gives me confidence in our future. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jacinth for you to hear more about our progress.
Jacinth Smiley: Thanks, Jim. As Jim noted, we have made significant progress in year one. I will take a few minutes to talk about our successes to date and our expectations over the next two years inclusive of the investments we're making to drive those benefits. As a reminder, Transform and Modernize is not just a cost-savings exercise, although that certainly is a real and substantial benefit. Rather, Transform and Modernize is about the way we do business across the enterprise and it involves every single member of the Hormel Foods team. It is about reshaping how we operate, creating new opportunities for growth and generating a powerful growth flywheel. And to make all that happen, we're making strategic investments in key areas of the business. As we shared with you last year, we have organized the initiative into five pillars. Four of those pillars focus on supply chain efficiency. With Plan, we're adopting a holistic approach to end-to-end planning. With Buy, we're implementing numerous sourcing events to reduce costs and improve our procurement structure and tools. With Make, we're standardizing ways of working to improve yields, increase capacity and avoid unnecessary CapEx. And with Move, we're assessing and addressing near-term capacity and long-term network optimization. Regarding Portfolio Optimization, we're finding new ways to reduce complexity, address low-margin items and create room in our portfolio for further innovation. This work is being done at both the brand and business level to ensure our portfolio reflects our company's strategy and leverages our core competencies. Nathan will be providing more detail and actual examples for each of these five pillars in just a few minutes. But before I turn it over to Nathan, I want to reiterate that year one of Transform and Modernize was a success, delivering $75 million dollars in benefits. It is important to note, however, that this only reflects the benefits from the Buy, Make and Move pillars of our T&M initiative. Specifically, we have seen the greatest savings from the improvements in logistics followed by raw materials and supplies, and then manufacturing efficiencies. Looking at fiscal 2025, we're expecting annualized operating income benefits from T&M to be in the range of $100 million to $150 million compared with 2024 operating income, and that is an addition to the $75 million we achieved this past year. In fiscal 2025, we expect the largest savings from these efforts to come through raw materials and supplies, followed by significant benefits from manufacturing and logistics. We also made excellent progress with our Plan and Portfolio Optimization pillars. With our Plan pillar, we expanded on our end-to-end planning capabilities. We're building an infrastructure that ensures a more accurate demand signal flows through to our supply planning and that is absolutely critical. With Portfolio Optimization, we have made progress in harnessing the power of our portfolio, which is resulting in a more consumer-centric, less complex, more profitable product mix. More broadly, we believe the T&M initiative is enhancing Hormel Foods' capabilities and unlocking our full potential. As I mentioned before, this is not just a cost-savings initiative. We are making foundational investments in data and technology and people and processes to transform our company. In total, we're expecting to spend approximately $250 million through 2026. Taking a closer look at our spend within the people and process category, we are investing in talent and upskilling our team members while creating a much more data-driven and analytical organization with modern processes. Importantly, we are driving complexity out of the organization. With our data and technology investments, we are building the analytical capabilities to make empowered decisions based on strategic insights to gain a competitive edge across all of our businesses. Ultimately, we believe we are creating an incredibly powerful flywheel of sustained value creation. By focusing on investments, transformation and growth, we are laying the foundation for profitable and predictable growth, not just today, but for years to come. With that, I'll turn the call over to Nathan Annis, our Vice President of Corporate Development, who will provide a deeper dive into our Transformational initiatives.
Nathan Annis: Thank you, Jacinth. It has been a couple years since 2021 when I was last in Investor Relations and it's exciting to be back giving you an update on our Transform and Modernize initiative and to review some case studies that highlight our progress and the value we're creating. Our Transform and Modernize initiative is reshaping how we operate across the company in four key ways. First, our processes have historically been built on deep institutional knowledge and were quite manual. As our company has grown, these processes became more complex and highly customized. We have started transforming these processes into streamlined, enterprise-wide ways of working that leverage intelligent automation and digitization. I cannot overstate how critical this change is to all the work we are doing in our initiative. Next, our key capabilities like business planning and execution used to be siloed and under-leveraged. Over the recent years and quarters, we've moved to centralize these functions to capitalize on our scale while also strategically investing in areas where we are differentiated in the marketplace. Historically, our business was overly complex, bogged down by a lengthy list of vendors and SKUs. Looking ahead, we are simplifying our operations in a smart, data-driven way. We're also strategically segmenting our business to optimize our investment. Last, where we once had a variety of methods for identifying and realizing value in savings, we now use a standardized, more disciplined approach. This new process ensures we are capturing value consistently with clear accountability tied to key metrics. These four strategic changes are integral to the work we are doing and our team is setting a new standard for excellence in these areas. Now let's explore some specific examples of how these changes are making a difference in the five pillars, beginning with Buy. This pillar represents a comprehensive enterprise effort to develop a new framework and tools for procuring goods and services across the entire organization. Our prior efforts of creating One Supply Chain and restructuring our segments through Go Forward are paying dividends as we scope opportunities. Viewing procurement through an enterprise-wide lens allows us to significantly transform how we operate. For instance, we're establishing a new operating model that includes a modern structure, standardized training and updated policies and governance. Additionally, we're adopting new procurement systems such as advanced sourcing tools, should cost modeling capabilities and enhanced data visibility and analytics. In 2024, we began implementing the Buy pillar by focusing on categories in cost of goods sold and indirect spend. For 2025, our goal is to target the remaining categories across our P&L. By 2026, we expect this new approach will be fully embedded in our culture and we anticipate benefiting from consistent year-over-year productivity growth. A great example of our efforts with the Buy pillar is a recent sourcing event focused on routine supplies and parts for our manufacturing facilities. In the past, these items were procured through a fragmented process with 100s of vendors and inconsistent purchasing methods. By streamlining our sourcing strategy and using enterprise-wide agreements, we've significantly reduced complexity and our number of vendors while targeting improvements in our inventory levels. This project is just one of many that we are implementing to drive value. By incorporating these new tools and methodologies into our operations, we are developing a procurement function that delivers substantial financial savings, boosts cash flow and sets the foundation for sustainable benefits well into the future. In the Make pillar, we are transforming the way we manage our manufacturing network to boost efficiency, increase capacity and reduce cost through the implementation of our proprietary Hormel Production System, or HPS. The essence of HPS lies in standardizing the ways of working across all our manufacturing facilities. By introducing consistent management processes backed by a maturity model that ensures accountability, we're embedding the right practices at every level of our organization. Initially, we've concentrated these efforts on facilities facing capacity limitations. HPS is not only enhancing production yields and improving capacity, but also boosting team member engagement while reducing downtime, working capital and overall cost. A standout success story from the Hormel Production System comes from our efforts to address production bottlenecks for Hormel BACON 1 fully cooked bacon at our Wichita, Kansas facility. Our Foodservice team has consistently driven growth for this differentiated and highly profitable brand, but our capacity limitations were hindering our ability to fully meet demand. A possible solution was to add new production lines, which would have been expensive and require significant lead time to implement. By deploying HPS at Wichita, we increased capacity by approximately 18%. This increase not only allows us to meet future demand, but also brings lasting improvements in productivity, cost efficiency and team morale. By extending these best practices to other facilities facing similar challenges, we're enhancing the agility and responsiveness of our manufacturing network. This shift not only helps us keep pace with current demand, but also lays the groundwork for sustained long-term growth. Our Move pillar is all about enhancing our logistics network and boosting distribution capacity. A significant achievement in this pillar has been the renegotiation of enterprise-wide freight rates. With a detailed freight RFP process supported by our procurement team, we have secured immediate cost reductions. Additionally, we have optimized the flow of finished goods through our network, effectively lowering landed cost. Looking forward, a key milestone for the Move pillar will be the opening of a new distribution center in the Memphis metropolitan area. Scheduled to become operational in the second half of 2025, we expect this facility will greatly improve our inventory management and expand our distribution capability. Reiterating what Jacinth shared, our investments go beyond just cutting costs, they're crucial for creating a more robust and scalable logistics network. The Plan pillar is perhaps the most extensive and complex of our five pillars and we believe our work here will revolutionize our approach to end-to-end planning across the company. Historically, our planning processes have been overly manual, dependent on spreadsheets, legacy technology and numerous different processes. Our efforts are fundamentally transforming our planning function by centralizing these activities, adopting integrated business planning across all business units, and embedding more data analytics and AI to guide our decisions. We believe this comprehensive, integrated and scalable approach will enhance service levels, reduce cost, decrease working capital and improve engagement for 100s of team members across various functions. This all sets the stage for a more efficient and responsive organization. Portfolio Optimization is a critical element of this initiative and is designed to reshape our product portfolio to improve margins and drive top line growth. This strategic focus touches all pillars and ultimately enables us to streamline operations and concentrate on the most profitable and growth-oriented categories. Historically, we have had a long tail of unprofitable or low-volume items and we have managed these inconsistently across the enterprise. The restructuring of our company through Go Forward has allowed us to take a more enterprise approach and during 2024, our efforts have centered on creating a rigorous process to consistently assess and manage every item in our portfolio. As a result of these strategic evaluations, we've taken decisive steps including divesting a non-strategic business, Hormel Health Labs. Additionally, we've taken action on a large number of low-volume or unprofitable SKUs and we will continue to rightsize our portfolio. Portfolio Optimization is also about strategically reinvesting in innovation and we are tailoring our portfolio to resonate with current consumer and operator trends to fuel sustainable growth. This ongoing process ensures that each product in our portfolio is capable of making a significant contribution to our revenues and margins, ensuring Hormel Foods remains a leader in the marketplace. We made excellent progress in 2024 and we're excited to continue our work and drive accelerated value in 2025 and 2026. Through continued investments in data, people, process and technology, we are unlocking the potential of our people across the enterprise and positively impacting all aspects of our financials. We're incredibly excited by how these five pillars have become increasingly interconnected and how the work has converged with other enterprise objectives. The merging of these activities means that they are rapidly becoming ingrained in our culture and helping to transform Hormel Foods into a more efficient, responsive and competitive company. And with that, I'll hand it back over to Jim.
Jim Snee: Thanks, Nathan. As we wrap up our remarks this morning, I think it's important to recognize that we are a stronger company today because of the strategic actions we've taken in the past, like One Supply Chain and Go Forward. These actions, combined with our Transform and Modernize initiative positions us for continuous improvement, profitable and predictable growth and sustainable long-term shareholder value creation. We remain committed to our long-term growth algorithm of generating between 2% to 3% organic net sales growth and between 5% to 7% operating income growth. There are many reasons to believe in our long-term strategy. We have a portfolio of leading and differentiated brands which are fueled by innovation. We are organized for long-term growth with an ability to deliver stable financial performance. And we do all of this with a focus on being a strong corporate citizen. We are building a more efficient, scalable and adaptable organization that is well-positioned to meet the demands of an evolving marketplace. All of this would not be possible without the dedication and performance of our team members and I want to thank them for their hard work and commitment. With that, Jacinth, John, Nathan and I will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Rupesh Parikh: Thanks for taking my question. So I wanted to go back to the FY25 guidance range. I know you guys gave some color in terms of how to think about some of the puts and takes, but I was hoping if you can go deeper into some of the variables to get you to low or high end of the range. And then it sounds like Q1 will be the most challenged. So just also want to get a sense of whether you think you can actually grow earnings in Q1. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Rupesh. The important thing for our 2025 outlook, right, is it demonstrates growth on top and bottom line. It's realistic, it's achievable, and it's consistent with how we've messaged about the business. Now, as we're thinking about 2025, we expect growth in key retail categories. Bacon, Applegate, we've talked about our flagship and rising brands and the success we're having there. Again, this successful pipeline of innovation is going to be really important. The value we create in a unique manner with our Foodservice business, continued growth from International after an impressive rebound in 2024, we do expect growth again in 2025. Our value-added turkey business is an area of business that's really, really strong, whether it's our Lean Ground Turkey or business in Foodservice. The other part, I think, that is really important to call out is the additional brand support that we are planning in 2025. So we've got a strong double-digit increase plan to support our brands and then we'll be making other additional investments as part of this Transformation initiative whether it's the people, the processes, the data and technology. And we have available capacity to support all of this growth that we're expecting. And so we do expect some near-term impacts in Q1, commercial impacts for Planters, wraparound impacts on the whole bird turkey business. And then the other part is really our -- this Transformation and Modernization initiative, over-delivering strong performance in year one, acceleration in year two. And when we put all of that together, that's what really gives us confidence. And so we're entering 2025 with momentum in this underlying business with really great support all around it. And when you couple that with the performance and the strength of the Transformation initiative, that's really where we are and why we have confidence in our ability to grow top and bottom line in 2025.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. And good morning, Rupesh. And in terms of the guide, what Jim just articulated is really what gives us confidence to hit the midpoint. But when we think about what gets us to the higher end of the range, it's a couple key things, right? Higher volume, a better product mix, an improved turkey market, Planters over-delivery and certainly as Jim talked about, just the strength and over-delivery on our T&M initiative certainly gives us the opportunity to get to that higher end.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. That's helpful color. Best of luck. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Thank you.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. And just to follow up on that question, your underlying EBIT growth when we just exclude T&M this coming year is expected to decline. I think the math works out that way. You do have -- you talked about some of the headwinds in 1Q. You talked about the investments that you're making. Is there an element of conservatism or prudence or whatever word you want to use? I know, Jim, you had talked over the last year about maybe wanting to add, I don't know, a dash or a dollop of incremental conservatism into your guidance. And I'm just trying to get a sense of if you feel like this range does factor in some unforeseen events to the downside that in a way that maybe you hadn't as a company in the longer term past.
Jim Snee: Yes. Ken, thanks. Thanks for the question. Starting with the Transform and Modernize initiative. I think one thing that's really important, and I'm sure we'll talk more about it over the balance of the call, is this really isn't a like standalone dollar amount that we should be looking at because this really is interconnected into the business. And the term that we've started to use internally is this flywheel to generate growth. Because it is, as business grows, we get more benefits. And as we get more benefits, we're able to reinvest in the business. And so, this is a holistic look at our business and the growth that we expect to achieve in 2025. Your comment on conservatism, I think from where we sit, we want to make sure that we're always appropriate. And when we think about items that have had a lot of volatility, we've talked probably unnecessarily about turkey in the last couple of years. And so we want to make sure that given that recent volatility, we are appropriate in how we plan and guide the business. The other part is this Planters' rebound. And we want to make sure again that we get this right as we start to really scale the commercial piece of this, as we've navigated our way through the production concerns that are largely resolved. And so our ability to fill holes faster, right? We're turning on advertising, we're turning on innovation. That's what really, in my mind, makes this plan realistic, achievable and appropriate.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you. And if I can ask a quick follow-up. Are you still planning on -- I think you are, $250 million of net operating income improvement from '23 to '26. And the reason I'm asking is it just mathematically requires a reasonably high step up in 2026 at this point. Just curious if that's still the case. And if so, kind of what you think without obviously providing '26 guidance, some of those key factors might be.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thanks, Ken. You're right, we're not guiding '26, but we are on track for the $250 million. And there are a lot of things to feel good about and that we're excited about. It's this trajectory of T&M after a successful year one which is now interconnected into this flywheel. And we are creating this long-term lasting value. We're building processes, we're building capabilities, but underpinning that is the strength of the brand and the business. We're talking more about flagship and rising brands and how important they are to our portfolio and they're growing, our Foodservice business continuing to be differentiated and growing in the marketplace and then our International piece. So, yes, we're on track and what gives us confidence is really the strength of the underlying business coupled with that transformative initiative. So really, really good progress. And I know you heard from Nathan in the prepared remarks and I'm sure we'll get some additional questions, but we're in a really good place.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Thomas Palmer from Citi. Please go ahead.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Jim Snee: Hi, Tom.
Thomas Palmer: At the midpoint, your guidance implies around $85 million operating profit growth. You expect $125 million from cost savings and also organic sales growth. I just want to make sure I'm thinking through the pieces you laid out that might limit the flow-through of these two items to operating profit. So it sounds like advertising could be higher in the $20 million range. I think turkey plus Suffolk could net out for the year to maybe a slight headwind. I'm just trying to bridge what else is kind of limiting this flow through, make sure as we think through this year.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. Good morning, Tom. I just want to -- just clarify that our Transform and Modernize initiative isn't just a cost-savings initiative. It is about reinvesting in the business for growth. And Jim mentioned this flywheel and that's exactly how we're thinking about it as we go through what is we're targeting as a three-year initiative, but really it is -- it goes beyond that and it's a foundation to set the company up for long term growth and we're getting value beyond 2026. But in terms of your specific questions as to what's included in the midpoint there, Jim mentioned already how we're thinking about whole bird turkey and how we're thinking about turkey pricing. Certainly, prices were depressed coming out of Q4 and we are expecting that to what we've baked in is for the full year that turkey will remain at those lower levels for 2025, in addition to the fact that we are making double-digit investments in our brand for 2025 and that's included as well in that guide, in addition to investing in capabilities for our business as it relates to the T&M initiative from data and technology and also around our people.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thanks. And then just on what's going on with Suffolk, it's kind of been a couple quarters now delaying the restart. I guess what's really contributing to that slower ramp and why the confidence now that kind of 1Q will be the end of the issues.
Jim Snee: Yes, that's an important part of 2025, Tom. And it's important to know that we've made significant progress in Q4 regarding the situation. So our production concerns are largely resolved and we're in a good place from a supply perspective that's ramping up and continuing to build. A couple of other pieces that I think are important and I'm going to let John probably get into more specifics. But as a reminder, right, we had tremendous momentum in the Planters business last year, right, and since the time of acquisition, we've had a lot of positive data, right? The work that we've done, whether it's volume, sales, shares, right, that's what gives us the confidence about where we were and where we know we can get this business back to. And a lot of that work is -- obviously it happens in Retail and Foodservice, but an outsized portion is in Retail.
John Ghingo: Yes. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, Tom. So I'll just comment briefly on the Planters' recovery and kind of next steps around Planters. This quarter, the first quarter is largely refilling retailer shelves, replenishing retailer inventories, replenishing our own inventory, essentially refilling all of those gaps that were created in the back half of last year as we dealt with the supply disruption. By the end of the first quarter, we will be in a position to fully meet retailer demand across the entire Planters portfolio. In the meantime, we are seeing some progress in our scanner data. So our baseline trends are improving sequentially over the past two four-week periods, meaning baseline declines are lessening versus prior year. And what's driving that is a restoration of lost distribution on those items that were impacted by the supply disruption at Retail. In fact, more than half of that distribution has been recovered at this point versus where we were at our low point. So we still have more to do over 2025 on that recovery. But we are very encouraged by the good progress at this point. We have chosen in the near term to scale back some of the merchandising activity in particular in November and December. So our Q1 data will be a little bit choppy from the scanner, but we're prioritizing getting the base replenished and getting the shelf back to where it needs to be. Now, as we get into the second quarter, we will start to dial backup promotions, we will dial backup advertising, we will start to attract consumers back to the brand and begin to recapture that momentum that Jim commented on. I mean, in general, Planters is a great platform for us. It's sitting in a wonderful space. The macro snacking space continues to be a great consumer space. The substantial nature of Planters' portfolio really fits with what consumers are looking for in terms of more substantive fuel-oriented snacks. We have a leading brand that's very responsive to advertising, to promotions on its core with a lot of innovation potential. Just looking at some of the innovation we were driving behind our flavored cashews and duos lines, they were attracting new households, bringing in younger consumers. We're going to continue driving that and we have restoration of advertising spend on Planters that will help us do that.
Jacinth Smiley: And just a reminder, I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, but in Q1, as John is mentioning here, that's going to be a period of rate recovering. From a financial impact standpoint, there is going to be $0.04 to $0.05 of impact unfavorably in the quarter split between whole bird turkey and Planters. And that's about a 50/50 split. But the key takeaway here is Planters is a brand that is strong and we expect to benefit from recaptured momentum in Q2.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thank you for all the details.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Heather Jones from Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I guess my first question is wondering, it sounds like as part of the T&M initiative there could be further SKU rationalization. So I was just wondering if the sales and volume guidance you gave, I know it excludes the Hormel Health Labs, but does it anticipate further SKU rationalization?
Jim Snee: Yes, I think all of that's embedded in our guidance, Heather. I think your call out on Hormel Health Labs is important. You think about the top line impact of $100 million, the bottom line impact of -- it's a one penny EPS, but that does figure into the year-over-year comparison. The work that we are doing on TPO is included in our guide. I'll maybe ask Nathan to comment a little bit more about it to give you some additional color.
Nathan Annis: Yes. Hi, Heather, this is Nathan. As we think about portfolio optimization and how it's built into next year, I would think about it in two different ways. First, it's all baked into the guidance. And as we think about what SKUs are coming out, they're usually unprofitable SKUs or SKUs that are adding complexity. And I think the key takeaway for us is that we're creating the right room in the portfolio to drive innovative new items and the right profitable items.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, I just wanted to talk about turkey. So over the years since I followed you guys, I mean, you've taken all these steps in your pork business to make it more and more value-added and to reduce your exposure to the more commodity elements. In the turkey side because of HPA, that business has just become even more cyclical and just the impact on exports, et cetera. But just wondering, I know it's an important value-added business for you to ground turkey, but just was curious as to your thoughts about taking steps on that side to do similarly to what you've done on the pork side of like focusing more on the value add and maybe entering into partnerships that would limit your exposure to the more commodity-volatile side. So I know it's a wide-ranging question, but just broadly, how are you all thinking about that strategically?
Jim Snee: Yes, Heather, it is. It's wide-ranging, but it's an important question in terms of the work that we have been doing on an -- or as an organization and where we see this going. And so I think if you do start with that pork analogy that you have, and I think back to my early days in the chair and how frequently we talked about pork operating margins and fast forward eight, nine years, we're not talking about that because of those steps that we took. It still exists, but it's obviously a small portion of the portfolio and the impact that it has. I want to remind you that several years ago, right, we did a lot of work on Jennie-O Turkey Store, our turkey portfolio. We called it Project Tower. I can't remember if we said that publicly, but it really was all about, right, appropriately sizing the supply side of the business. And the phrase that we used was creating a demand-driven business with a goal of exactly what you're saying, right, reduce or minimize the volatility because we don't get any credit for that. And so we had a plan. There's a lot of work that's been done to get that supply to the right size. What has hindered that is the most recent Avian Influenza outbreak because supply then became obviously very disruptive and we weren't able to fully execute some of the actions that we had planned and wanted to put in place. But we are on that track and we agree with your assessment that our goal is to create a demand-driven business and that demand is our focus on the value-added business, right? When we think about the success of Lean Ground Turkey, right, that is the number one scanned item in our company. And when we think about how that aligns with today's consumer, that opportunity is only going to continue to increase. The work that we've done to integrate the business into Foodservice has yielded very positive results. And so you can see how we are setting this business up for long-term success while minimizing the volatility. And so we are focused on the value-added business, Lean Ground Turkey and Retail, broad offerings in Foodservice. And it is a very important part of this portfolio just as -- again, as we think about what's happening in the consumer environment.
Heather Jones: Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Max Gumport from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Max Gumport: Hi. Thanks for the question. I just wanted to turn back to the question on '26 because you did reaffirm that the $250 million of growth from '23. It does imply about $200 million of EBIT growth in FY26. It sounds like you'll only have $25 million or so left of the T&M program in '26. Strategic value, I think, was only supposed to contribute $25 million over the three-year period and the goal is to get the base business to grow 5% to 7% in '26 or about $75 million. So it feels like there's a pretty big halt that I'm missing in terms of what would get you to that target in '26. I'm just hoping you could provide a bit of color, just high level given you have reaffirmed a target and you've discussed it previously. Thanks so much.
Jacinth Smiley: Good morning, Max. Thanks for the question. And we have indeed reaffirmed our $250 million of expanded operating income by 2026. And I just want to clarify that that number is a net number. So net of our reinvestment in the business, net of inflation. And so going back to what we're calling the growth flywheel, this is all interconnected in terms of the delivery what we're delivering to get to that $250 million. So it is indeed not just a growth number. So when you think about it, we are delivering more than $250 million from our initiatives to be able to actually yield a net $250 million to get to the operating income expansion of the $250 million by 2026.
Max Gumport: Got it. But just any other drivers you would point to in terms of what helps you get there? I think if it's a net number, there's probably an even bigger halt I hadn't considered. So just any other key drivers you could point to.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. I mean, it goes back to the items that Jim talked about when we kicked this off in terms of the -- right, our portfolio, our brand, right, our underlying business driving that, our flagship and rising brands continuing to deliver, Foodservice continuing to deliver, the recovery of our International business, and all of the other initiatives within our T&M as well are really driving those. So, I mean, it's everything together and we will -- I mean, certainly, Jim can add additional color here, but it is beyond just the pieces underneath our T&M initiative.
Jim Snee: Yes. And Max, first off, it's nice to meet you. And I think the math that you're doing you might imply that there's only so much left in the work that we're doing and that's not at all how we're thinking about this, right? The work that we're doing, successful in '24, accelerating in '25, continuing to accelerate in '26 with benefits to the organization that go well beyond 2026. And you heard from Nathan some of the successes that we've had in 2024, but he may want to elaborate on a few more points.
Nathan Annis: Yes. Hi, Max, this is Nathan. As you think about what we're doing in '25, that sets us up for continued success in '26 and beyond, in the Buy pillar where we will have RFP, virtually every category, some categories multiple times. We'll have implemented over a dozen different modules in our end-to-end planning system, like demand planning, scheduling, deployment, that'll yield benefits well into the future. We'll have fully implemented our Hormel Production System across all of our different facilities of an optimized logistics network. And we've really done a -- made more progress reshaping our portfolio, picking up steam, driving more innovation. So we feel really confident about what we're doing now and how that will deliver value in '26 and beyond.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much. Nice to meet you guys, too. And I'll leave it there.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Max.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. And Nathan, nice to speak with you again.
Nathan Annis: Yes. Good to see you again.
Peter Galbo: Jim, not to ask this question six ways to Sunday, but again, I think there's just a lot of confusion now about what this net $250 million means. And maybe just to ask it in a slightly different manner, if I just take the midpoint of your guidance for this year, you'd be up, call it $40 million in EBIT relative to your 2023 starting point. And that's on $200 million of savings kind of program to date. So forgetting about '26 for a moment, maybe we can just clarify that that's the right way to think about kind of the '25 relative to '23 as a starting point.
Jim Snee: Yes, that's correct, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Okay. So whatever our assumption is on '26 whether that additional $210 million that would have to come through in '26, that's kind of the toggle as to how you would get to your '26 target and that's how we should think about it.
Jim Snee: Yes. And I think that's correct, Peter. And there's a couple of pieces as you are thinking about it is this strength of the performance, right, of our growth initiative strong '24, accelerating in '25, continuing to accelerate in '26, right, the recovery of our Planters business, right, the opportunity to grow that business now that we've worked through the situation and are filling on the supply side and getting that business back on track and then the strength of the underlying business, the brands, the business, right? We talked again about flagship and rising brands, Foodservice, International. So it is all interconnected. The math you're doing is right. But those opportunities are there as we look into obviously '25, which we have and as we're thinking about 2026, right? That's why we're saying we're on track, because we're doing the same type of thinking behind the scenes.
Peter Galbo: Okay. Okay. Thank you for that clarification. And then if I can just on turkey, I get the -- I think it's $0.025 headwind in the first quarter. I think there was a mention on some benefit from lower grain prices that you're expecting. So is -- maybe I have this wrong, but is the expectation in '25 that turkey on the full year basically ends up being a neutral, again, offsetting the first quarter weakness against kind of a grain benefit? Do we have that correct?
Jacinth Smiley: From a grain perspective -- or maybe I'll start first with turkey. I mentioned before that we're expecting turkey pricing to be comparable to our Q4. So we haven't assumed any upside there for the year. From a grains perspective, just a reminder, we strategically hedge our grains to reduce volatility and we've done that for 2025. So we're well-bought into 2025. And so we'll see moderate benefits from grains in 2025. And so that's really what's baked into our guide here.
Jim Snee: Yes. And I think just if we -- if you do break it apart into the different components, obviously we -- as Jacinth said, there's some moderate benefit to the grain, our value-added business, we expect growth and then the commodity side of the business, again, we feel like we've planned it appropriately, thinking about it with being flat to slightly down.
Peter Galbo: Okay. Thanks very much, guys. Appreciate it.
Jim Snee: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Jim Snee: Morning.
Michael Lavery: Just risking belaboring this a little bit further. I want to come back to -- I guess it was partly answering Max's question. Nathan, I think it was you were given some examples beyond just sort of the T&M maybe program or initiatives, but I think they seem to fall under things like portfolio optimization or better procurement or better efficiencies that kind of felt like they're under the umbrella of exactly those initiatives. And so I know there's some blurry lines, especially the deeper you get into it, just in terms of it's not like simply closing a plant, for example, where there's quite discrete costs. But can you just maybe help us understand if you do have most of the T&M savings in hand by the end of fiscal '25, is it just more sort of similar type things to come next that help keep pushing the upside to EBIT, even if you haven't necessarily identified those out of the gate in that kind of starting fiscal '24? Is that the right way to think about it or maybe just help us understand kind of how we should bucket some of these in our heads?
Jim Snee: Yes. Michael, this is Jim. I think the first thing I just want to clarify. So your comment about we have all the savings in hand by the end of 2025, that's not what we said, nor do we intend that because there's an acceleration in 2026. And so obviously there's two components of this. There's the three-year initiative that we've laid out, knowing full well that the benefits of this program go well beyond 2026. And maybe just for additional color, Nathan, do you want to just maybe go back to some of the things you were talking about and how you expect the programs to follow through?
Nathan Annis: Yes. Hi, Michael, this is Nathan. As you think about all of the different projects that we're doing many of them are creating value, but a lot of them are driving new capabilities that will support our business and really help us beyond '25, '26 and into the future.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And just back on Planters, I think initially you felt like you didn't have distribution at risk. It sounds like obviously, you're regaining it now. Maybe what's changed a little bit in terms of how the distribution evolved and maybe one part I want to make sure I understand is in the rebuild, did it get to the point where now there's slotting fees we should be thinking about as you restore that or maybe just help us understand kind of how that -- those moving parts look?
Nathan Annis: Yes, I want to handle the first part of that, Michael, because on the last call, we did say that we had not lost any distribution. Since that time, we have had a couple of instances where we have lost distribution. But there are two components to this. And the other component is the loss distribution by not being able to supply the product on the shelf. And I think the work that or the comments that John made earlier really demonstrate kind of the significance or how that splits apart. John, you want to maybe comment on that?
John Ghingo: Sure. So if you think about the distribution of Planters, those short-term, I'll call them shelf gaps that resulted from the supply shortage on the SKUs in particular, that were impacted out of Suffolk, that recovery has been going well, right? That's where we have more than half of that distribution back at this point. And largely that distribution comes without slotting, without investment. Where we have other issues, let's say that might be some distribution that we're going to have to work to get back longer term, there could be some investment required to do that, but that's not a major factor in our plan. We're very confident and comfortable that the investments we have built in the plan at this point will get Planters back to growth beginning in the second quarter.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's really helpful clarification. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Pooran Sharma from Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Pooran Sharma: Good morning. This is Pooran's associate, Adam. Thanks for taking the question.
Jim Snee: Yes.
Pooran Sharma: Can you talk about the key drivers of growth within Foodservice and if you could highlight any bright spots for the quarter or maybe how we should think about achieving that mid-single-digit growth next year?
Jim Snee: Yes, Adam, thanks for the question. I think for Foodservice, the playbook, so to speak really remains the same. The business remains historically strong and healthy. '24 we had really good volume and net sales growth. We expect good strong growth across the board in 2025. And that growth will be -- it'll be broad-based and across a number of different categories. As we've said many times, we continue to operate from a position of strength through that direct sales team that we have, the portfolio of ongoing innovative product solutions that really are helping operators with their pain points, the diversified channels that we operate in. We've always had really strong presence in commercial or the restaurant segment but over the years, we've built out so many capabilities when you think about lodging, college and university with Planters adding the convenience store muscle. So there's a lot of really good opportunities. Now that's not to say we don't understand what's happening in the macro environment, but we're well-positioned to address that and overcome that with this really differentiated business that we have. It's the direct selling organization, innovation and a keen operator focus that will allow us to deliver really good results in 2025.
Pooran Sharma: Thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Rahi Parikh from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Rahi Parikh: Hi, everyone. I'm on for Ben. Ben Theurer. Just for T&M, I just want to have a different question is, where are you at the end of your full year '24 guidance versus the -- or where are you right now versus your initial budget plan? I think you mentioned over-delivery in year one, so maybe more hardcore numbers if possible there. And how does the incremental $100 million to $150 million next year compare to your original timeline? Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yes, I think the big thing, Rahi, is we're on track, right? I mean as we thought about what we're going to be able to deliver, we're on track. And again, it's the momentum and the acceleration that we're gaining really in this, again, we'll call it interconnected business, the flywheel -- excuse me, really being able to create that value as an organization. And obviously, the further we get along, the more capabilities that we build, the more confidence that we gain. And so we feel really good about what we did in '24, acceleration in '25, and continued acceleration in 2026. Nathan, you want to add anything?
Nathan Annis: Yes, I would just say that in fiscal '24, we spent a lot of time just standing up all of the different projects. And as we go into fiscal '25, we have a running start. We've got more and bigger projects pushing the team to think bigger. So a lot of things in the pipeline and pretty excited about how it's all shaping up and feel like we're on track.
Rahi Parikh: Okay. Sounds good. Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I will now hand the call back to Mr. Jim Snee for any closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Well, I want to thank all of you for joining us today. As you can tell, we are incredibly proud of what we accomplished in 2024 and even more excited about the momentum that we have as we enter 2025. There is a lot of great work being done by our amazing team. I want to wish all of you a safe, healthy, and happy holiday season. Have a great rest of your week.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's call. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect it.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-09-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on Wednesday, September 4, 2024. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jess Blomberg. Please go ahead.
Jess Blomberg: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods' conference call for our third quarter results of fiscal 2024. We released our results this morning before the market opened. A copy of the release can be found on our website, hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Deanna Brady, Executive Vice President of the Retail Segment. Jim will review our third quarter results and give a perspective on the rest of fiscal 2024. Jacinth will provide detailed financial results and further commentary on our outlook. Deanna will join Jim and Jacinth for the Q&A portion of the call. The line will be made open for questions following Jacinth's remarks. As a courtesy to the other, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to rejoin the queue. At the conclusion of this morning's call, a webcast replay will be posted to our Investor website and archived for one year. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to reference our Safe Harbor statements. Some of the comments we make today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. Also, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial results this morning. Management believes that doing so provides investors with a better understanding of the company's underlying operating performance. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Further information about our non-GAAP financial measures, including our comparability items and reconciliations are detailed in our press release, which can be accessed from our corporate or investor website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Jess. Good morning, everyone. We delivered solid third quarter results and another quarter of better than expected earnings. Our core business remains healthy, led by retail takeaway growth, top line growth in our Foodservice business, further recovery in our International business and continued progress on our transform and modernize initiative. Specifically, many of our key retail brands grew during the quarter, outperforming their categories and continuing to resonate with our customers and consumers. Our Foodservice business delivered another quarter of above industry sales growth, highlighting the value of our solutions based portfolio, direct selling team, and diverse customer and operator base. We continued to experience significant recovery in our International segment in the quarter, led by our global brands and we continue to realize growing benefits from our transform and modernize initiative. We remain on a realistic and achievable path to improve our business, deliver on our commitments and execute against our long-term strategic priorities. Going a bit deeper into our performance for the quarter, I'll start with our Foodservice segment. Our Foodservice team delivered another quarter of above industry growth, marking our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth. We grew volume and net sales despite pockets of industry softness, proving the effectiveness of our differentiated value proposition. As expected, Foodservice segment profit was generally in-line with last year. Foodservice segment profit remains historically strong and healthy, having grown nine out of the last 11 quarters. Our balanced approach, including our portfolio, direct selling team and the diverse channels we operate in, continue to protect our Foodservice segment from many macro headwinds. We continue to see strong demand for our premium and solutions based items, including premium bacon and pepperoni, premium prepared proteins and turkey. Products such as Bacon 1 cooked Bacon, Fire Braised meats, Jennie-O turkey, Cafe H globally inspired proteins and Old Smokehouse bacon, each delivered double-digit net sales gains. Additionally, innovative offerings such as Hormel Flash 180 sous vide style chicken breast and Hormel ribbon pepperoni contributed growth during the quarter. Our direct selling organization remains key in times of industry slowdown. Our team can connect directly with operators to strategically find solutions for their challenges, take costs out of their system and create meaningful long lasting relationships. We were once again named to Selling Power's 60 Best Companies to Sell For, recognizing the direct sales teams that support each of our segments. And we believe that our diverse channel presence in foodservice enables resilience in the face of industry pressures. We have continued to deliver steady top line growth in both our commercial and non-commercial businesses. Taken together, our Foodservice business continues to be exceptionally well positioned to drive innovation, value, and operator engagement. Transitioning to our International segment. Our performance in the quarter shows continued improvement versus the challenging environment we experienced last year. From a profitability standpoint, the business generated impressive segment profit growth of 78% compared to prior year. Our results in the quarter were driven primarily by a greatly improved export environment. Branded exports performed well in the third quarter with SPAM luncheon meat delivering a second consecutive quarter of double-digit top line growth. Skippy peanut butter also had a strong quarter as we expanded distribution in the South Korean market. In addition, our branded refrigerated exports continued to perform well in global foodservice channels. Commodity exports, which have historically benefited the International segment's top line, but delivered lower profitability than other elements of the portfolio were down significantly year-over-year. This is a result of improved inventory management and stronger sales of value added turkey items in the domestic U.S. market this year. Our China business continued to rebound in the quarter and is off to a strong start for the fourth quarter. An important part of China's improvement is our strategy within the retail space. We saw positive results from innovation launches with our largest retail customers in the quarter, a direct result of our in country innovation center. Finally, we are realizing strong results from our investments in the Philippines and Indonesia, delivering on our commitment to strategically expand our global presence and restore sustainable growth in our International business. Overall, we remain confident that we have the right strategy and structure in place to drive growth in our International business over the long-term. Shifting now to retail, where our third quarter results are a bit nuanced on the top line. So, I'll spend some time explaining them. First, and most importantly, there is strength in the underlying core business, we were pleased with the end market performance of key brands in the quarter. According to Circana, brands such as Hormel Black Label bacon, Jennie-O lean ground turkey, SPAM luncheon meat, Skippy peanut butter, Hormel Chili, Mary Kitchen hash, Lloyd's barbecue, Applegate natural and organic meats, and Wholly Guacamole grew dollar sales in the third quarter. Additionally, we are outperforming in many of our categories. Our performance in key categories such as bacon, canned meats, turkey and peanut butter demonstrates that our investments in key brands are working. We are also optimistic about the trend line we are seeing in our convenient meals and proteins business, which has stabilized over the last quarter. We continue to support the center store with innovation, including SPAM Korean barbecue during the third quarter, which is the 12th permanent variety in the SPAM family of products. This product is garnering a lot of excitement because the flavor profile is on trend and reaching new SPAM consumers. Second, business momentum continues in our important bacon and emerging brands verticals. The bacon vertical again delivered strong results, both in terms of shipments and consumer takeaway. Black Label raw and convenient bacon products are resonating with consumers and showed growth in dollar sales, volume and household penetration during the quarter. According to Circana, Black Label bacon is the leading growth brand in the bacon category over the last 12 months. We expect these trends to continue into Q4 as we support our bacon brands through advertising investments and introduced exciting new innovations to the marketplace, such as oven-ready bacon and Black Label cinnamon toast crunch bacon. Within the emerging brands vertical, Applegate items grew across all major categories in the quarter, including bacon, breakfast sausage, hot dogs, deli meats and breaded chicken. We also launched Applegate organic pepperoni, the first and only nationally available organic pepperoni. We are excited to see the results and development for this emerging category. Growth from our key brands, our overall category performance and our innovative launches show the strength and health of our underlying core retail business. However, as we discussed during our second quarter earnings call, overall top line results in our retail segment remain nuanced. We continue to be negatively impacted by turkey dynamics. The growth in branded Jennie-O items is being more than offset by whole bird commodity markets. Our expectations for the year have largely unfolded as discussed on our first quarter earnings call. Next, as we mentioned on our second quarter earnings call, we experienced a production disruption at our Planters facility in Suffolk, Virginia, which was impactful to the third quarter. Production is back up and running as we have taken corrective action within the facility. As production continues to ramp-up, we have secured co-packer partnerships to help support our snack nuts portfolio to improve fill rates while we finish upgrades within the Suffolk plant. By the end of this fiscal year, we believe the production disruption will be largely resolved and we will be in a much better position to return the business to full service levels. Jacinth will provide more color on the financial impacts during her commentary. I want to thank our broader team for the work they have done to help control the disruption, service the business and protect the Planters brands. Lastly, we continue to see softness in our high volume, low margin contract manufacturing business. We expect continued top line headwinds in this business due to lower demand for some items. So to wrap up our retail discussion, the underlying core business is healthy. We remain focused on working with our retail customers to drive category growth and create meaningful value for our end consumers. Moving now to our enterprise wide strategic initiatives. We are seeing a growing benefit from our transform and modernize initiative. All of our pillars, plan, buy, make, move and portfolio optimization, progressed in the third quarter and the work streams continue to mature. This quarter, we are highlighting two pillars, Plan and Make. For Plan, significant work was done during the quarter on the implementation of our new end-to-end planning process and technology. While this upgrade will have many benefits for years to come, we are quickly generating new insights, which have helped in our focus on improved inventory management. For the Make pillar, our operational improvements have generated encouraging results. We continue to unlock additional production capacity and realize cost savings across our network. These wins, as well as our ongoing focus on continuous improvement across all our facilities are resulting in impactful advancements across our vast supply chain. On our fourth quarter earnings call, we look forward to providing you with a comprehensive update on our transform and modernize initiatives, including recaps from 2024 and our plans for 2025 and beyond. Shifting now to our fiscal 2024 outlook. We are updating our net sales guidance to account for commodity market conditions, impacts from the production disruption at our Suffolk facility and continued softness in our contract manufacturing business within the retail segment. We are also narrowing our earnings guidance range as we approach the fourth quarter. This update includes an incremental impact from the production disruption at our Suffolk facility. In our Retail segment, we expect continued momentum across our key brands and categories led by bacon, value added turkey, and emerging brands. We are also committed to supporting our brands through strategic trade and advertising investments for the remainder of the year. We are expecting successful execution of our fourth quarter innovations and improvements to our Planter service levels. In Foodservice, we expect continued broad based volume and net sales growth led by bacon, turkey, pizza toppings, and our line of premium prepared proteins. We expect another quarter of significant segment profit growth in the International segment. And importantly, we expect continued benefits to net earnings from our transform and modernize initiative, which is expected to deliver its strongest level of savings in our fourth quarter. Taking all these factors into account for the full year, we expect net sales in the range of $11.8 billion to $12.1 billion and diluted net earnings per share in the range of $1.45 to $1.51, and adjusted diluted net earnings per share of $1.57 to $1.63. We continue to demonstrate our ability to execute our clear and achievable plan and are on track to deliver on our earnings commitments for the year. In closing, I'd like to take a moment to recognize Deanna Brady, Executive Vice President of Retail, leader, mentor, advocate, and a friend. Last month, we announced Deanna's decision to retire after almost three decades of service to Hormel Foods. Deanna has impacted almost every area of our company. Her leadership during COVID and the go-forward reorganization was critical to our success, and the culture of accountability she has created will last for years. I wish her the best in her well-deserved retirement. Deanna's ambition, passion for our business, and leadership will be greatly missed. We also announced the return of John Ghingo to Hormel Foods. Enabled by our intentional and well developed succession process, we are fortunate to welcome John back to the organization to lead the Retail Group. John is a dynamic leader, known for building strong teams and strong brands. He is the ideal person to drive continued focus, innovation and growth within the retail segment and our company. John's deep expertise in the consumer packaged goods space, coupled with his understanding of our business positions him perfectly for success. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley to discuss detailed financial information related to the third quarter and additional color on our outlook.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. As Jim noted in his opening comments, we delivered another quarter of solid results and better than expected earnings. Volume for the third quarter was 1 billion pounds and net sales were $2.9 billion. Top line growth in Foodservice was more than offset by declines in our international and retail segments. To provide more color on our Retail segment's top line results, approximately three quarters of the net sales declines were related to lower sales of whole bird turkeys, contract manufacturing and Planters. Gross margin was comparable to the prior year period at 16.8% the benefits of our transform and modernize initiative offset headwinds from lower commodity turkey pricing and lower sales of Planters snack nuts. SG&A decreased $31 million in the third quarter due to the lapping of our unfavorable arbitration ruling in the prior year. Adjusted SG&A increased 4%, driven primarily by planned higher employee related expenses. We continue to support our leading brands in the marketplace and expect to increase advertising expenses for the fourth quarter and full year, including an advertising campaign to support our new Planters Nut Duos. Equity and earnings for the third quarter decreased due to lower results from our MegaMex joint venture, partially offset by improvement from our international investments. MegaMex was impacted by higher avocado costs, partially resulting from the temporary suspension of USDA inspections during the quarter. Interest and investment income from the third quarter increased as interest income from favorable market rates offset higher interest expense associated with the recent debt issuance. Earnings before income taxes were $226 million, an increase of 9% compared to the prior year. On an adjusted basis, earnings before income taxes for the third quarter were $256 million. The effective tax rate was 21.7% for the third quarter, in-line with last year. We continue to expect our effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 to be between 22% and 23%. Our third quarter performance resulted in diluted net earnings per share of $0.32. Third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.37, we have delivered strong operating cash flow during the year. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $858 million, an increase of 18%. We remain committed to dividend growth, investing in our business, and maintaining an investment grade credit rating. We paid our 384th consecutive quarterly dividend effective August 15, at an annual rate of $1.13 per share. This dividend marks the 96th year of uninterrupted dividends returned to our shareholders. We invested $65 million in capital projects during the third quarter. Our outlook for capital expenditures in 2024 remains at $280 million. During the quarter, we used a combination of cash on hand and proceeds from debt issued in the second quarter to pay-off a $950 million note that came due. With this debt repayment, we remain comfortably within our stated long-term leverage ratio range. Shifting to our outlook. We're updating the full year net sales range and narrowing our earnings expectations. Our revised top line range encompasses the current projection for the business, including declines due to: One, updated commodity market expectation as third quarter pork costs did not rise to the level as expected; Two, the impact of the Suffolk disruption; And three, continued softness in our contract manufacturing business. We expect fourth quarter pork input cost to decrease seasonally. We continue to assume full year pork input cost to be higher than the last year and above five year averages. In turkey, our supply remains healthy, and we are in a strong position to service our customers and attract new business opportunities. We are projecting growth across several parts of our Jennie-O branded turkey business, including lean ground turkey in retail and value added turkey in foodservice. Lower volumes and pricing for commodity whole turkeys are expected to continue to pressure earnings. As Jim noted, the Suffolk production disruption impacted our third quarter earnings. We realized a $0.03 earnings per share drag during the third quarter and are now estimating an additional $0.03 earnings per share impact in the fourth quarter. This update accounts for a slower production restart than was originally estimated, commercial impacts, facility and maintenance expenses, incremental co-packer costs, and reduced marketing expenses. Additionally, we experienced storm damage to our Papillion, Nebraska facility early in the fourth quarter. We are assessing the financial impact resulting from this event. Consistent with our prior guidance, our full year outlook assumes higher salaries, normalized employee related expenses, and cost associated with planned investments in the business, including higher year-over-year advertising investments. Finally, our earnings per share guidance assumes the strongest contribution of the year from our transform and modernize initiative in the fourth quarter. Taken together, we are maintaining the midpoint of our EPS guidance and in narrowing the range. To conclude my remarks, I would like to highlight the release of our 2023 Global Impact Report, a comprehensive update to our 20 By 30 Challenge. The report highlights meaningful progress against our goals and I would like to mention four key wins that I'm particularly proud of: One, we achieved the safest year in our company's history. Our lowest recordable incident rate ever. Two, our packaging team's sustainability initiatives resulted in nearly 1.7 million pounds in material savings, resulting from optimized package designs and improved shipping efficiencies. Three, more than 200 dependents of our U.S. team members are utilizing the opportunity for a free two year college education through the company's groundbreaking tuition program, Inspired Pathways. Four, we continue to invest in the communities in which we operate, contributing more than $12.5 million in cash and products to uplift communities. This includes investment in the hometown food security project across sector coalition working to alleviate food insecurity in Mower County, Minnesota. There are many other meaningful updates featured in our Global Impact Report and I encourage you to take a look. I would like to extend my thanks to the teams committed to achieving our corporate responsibility goals and completing our 20 By 30 Challenge. Now, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Theurer: Yes. Good morning, and thanks for taking my question, Jim, Jacinth. So, just wanted to start off maybe with the update to the guidance and if you could give us a little bit more clarity and what you're seeing in terms of like the high end versus the low-end? I mean, you took down sales by about $300 million, but there's still a range of about $300 million. So, what are the potential outcomes here as it relates to the top line? And then if you can break this down, why the lower top line has no impact down on the profit line as EPS was essentially just narrowed, but not changed?
Jim Snee: Yeah. Good morning, Ben. Thanks for the question. Obviously, there's a lot there. I think it's important for us to start with the third quarter. And the performance in the third quarter on the top line, the decline really is driven by three primary things. We talked about the three quarters of the top line being driven by turkey contract manufacturing Planters. We still have -- the second thing is, we still have some impact in our convenient meals and protein pricing that we've taken. We're seeing the benefit of the pricing, but that is still having some minimal impact. And then the third factor in the quarter is the comparison in our International group, where we're really lapping some high volume, low margin commodity business from last year in the third quarter. So, that's the decline in there for the third quarter. And as we look forward into the fourth quarter, there's a couple of things that are similar, but also some things that are different. From a market perspective, they're high, but they're not as high as we expected. So that will continue to impact us Jacinth and I both talked about the impact of our Suffolk product or plant disruption, that had an impact in third quarter, will continue to have an impact in Q4 as we continue to ramp back up and we get improved fill rates, the continued headwind of our contract manufacturing. And then again, the lapping in HFIC. So, I mean you put all those things together and that's how we get to the range. When we think about what could take us one way or another and why we're able to really keep the bottom line the same is a lot of the declines were high volume, low margins, in some cases negative margins piece of the business. And what we're talking about in terms of improvement on the bottom line, we've got our international business, which continues to rebound and improve off of last year. Our retail business, there's strength in the underlying core business. I mean, we're seeing key retail brands, Bacon, Jennie-O, Skippy, Applegate, SPAM all performed really, really well. We talked about -- we expect Q4 to be -- to continue to build in terms of our transform and modernize initiative and we'll have an opportunity to speak in more detail on the Q4 call. So all of those things, it's a long answer, but when you package all those things, that's what gets us to that top line guide while still being able to maintain the bottom line midpoint and being able to narrow the range.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. And then -- thanks for that, very clear. And then I have one quick follow-up on just the foodservice dynamics. I mean we're still seeing volume growth, but not as elevated as at the beginning of the year. So, as you look into the fourth quarter, what are you seeing from your customers in foodservice as it relates to like the momentum in volume?
Jim Snee: Yeah. I mean, we still expect solid volume and sales growth from our Foodservice business, that top line growth has been really broad-based, which has been encouraging, not only across our product categories but the different segments within foodservice in which we compete. Foodservice is on track for a record year. So foodservice remains strong and well positioned to drive value for us.
Benjamin Theurer: Perfect. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Jim Snee: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Good morning, and thank you. First question, I was unclear, does your guidance include any potential financial impact from the storm damage? And I wanted to get a sense of what -- maybe the range of possibilities to your bottom line was from the storm?
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah. Good morning, Ken. So yes, we did have this unfortunate damage from the storm earlier in the quarter and our production is fully back up and running. In addition, we also have redundant capacity as well for our plant. And when we think about impact from a sales perspective, then that doesn't at all impact sales. The cost that we're talking about and calling out is really to repair our facility, so it has no impact at all on our top line.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. I'll follow-up on that one. And then my second question, and maybe this is a little more direct than I intended to be, but why are you selling products for zero or negative margin? Is it mainly to spread fixed overhead over a bigger revenue base? And I guess the broader question there is, how do we think about the potential down the road for maybe incremental supply chain efficiencies that could allow you to reduce your need or desire to sell product from a co-man or commodity perspective that doesn't really help your bottom line directly?
Jim Snee: Yeah. Ken, there's a couple of things there. So the first part of it is, we do have, on the pork side and the turkey side, live harvests. And when you're harvesting animals, we sell everything. And so our goal, and we've been very successful at it, is to continue to move up that value added ladder. And so we feel really good about the progress we've made over the decades, but there's still always going to be elements of that, that are more commodity driven. And depending what the market conditions are, we may find ourselves in that situation and so that part isn't going to change. I guess the second part, and it's an important part of the work that we're doing in transform and modernize, is the total portfolio optimization. Because it is exactly what you say is that we don't want to find ourselves in that position, where we're selling non-strategic items at negative margin. And so our team has been hard at work at that over this last year and we'll start to see the effects of that towards the end of this year into '25 and '26. We'll again be able to provide more clarity on the Q4 call, but it is in our minds, two distinct different areas. There's a part of the business that just naturally flows. The second part is a piece that we can and will take action on.
Kenneth Goldman: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. I maybe just wanted to start with turkey. I believe previously you had said it was about a $0.15 headwind into the earnings for fiscal '24. So I just wanted to confirm that that's still the number? And then the second part of that question just, Jim, if turkey fundamentals just don't improve from here, let's say they don't get worse, they don't get better, they just kind of flatline. Is there any sense of how much of that $0.15 you can recover next year, simply if the supply demand situation stays the same, but maybe some other inputs or supply chain get better at this point?
Jim Snee: Yeah, Peter. Thanks for the question. Peter, the first part of your question, really, there's no change. And that goes back to what we guided on the Q1 call, that everything's played out the way we thought, and that $0.15 is still the number. The second part of your question, obviously, is a lot more nuanced, and it's not to avoid the question, but there really are so many moving parts in terms of what's happening in the marketplace right now. As we start to look into '25, there's still many, many unknowns. I think it's fair to say we've all seen that egg sets are way down. There's always the uncertainty that, of what’s going to happen with any disease. What’s going to happen with the grain markets. So our focus is, as we said, probably two years ago now, as we worked through the JOTS integration was our goal is to become a more demand driven organization. And we've had a lot of success doing that. We're continuing on that journey, both in retail and foodservice. Obviously, there's been some dynamics in '24 that have negatively impacted the whole bird business. But really as we go to '25, it's still a bit too early given all of the moving parts.
Peter Galbo: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, Jim, if I go back to when the Planters deal was initially announced, I think a lot of the thesis that the management team had was, if we invested more in marketing and this was a business that was kind of starved for capital, that the results could improve pretty dramatically. And I guess there's been an improvement on the marketing side. But just as you've kind of evaluated and now with the recall and the issues at the plant, just what levels of underinvestment were there kind of in the operations or in the facility? As we just think about if this is truly contained at this point from an impact standpoint on the next few quarters? Thanks very much.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Thanks. The thesis going back to the -- for the business at the time of acquisition mean, still holds. And I think we just prior to the production disruption, we're demonstrating the value of what we could do for the business and it was hitting on all cylinders. When we think about distribution gains, innovation gains, really connecting with younger different consumers on the retail side, driving the C-store business not only just for the Planters business but having that synergistic effect across our entire food safety portfolio. I mean it was playing out. It is playing out the way that we thought. And when you acquire facilities, obviously, we did significant due diligence and our -- we felt like we were in a good position. But as we took over the business, we were able to implement a lot of our food safety protocols, which were enhanced environmental and product testing since we've owned the business. And that allowed us to find this issue early and be able to address it. So while we could talk about the financial impact and what was right, what was wrong. The fact is our system worked. We found what we needed to find, we addressed it and we're doing the right thing. The plant was down for five weeks. The ramp-up has taken us a little longer than we thought. But as we're ramping back up, obviously, we expect demand to correct and we'll be able to get back on track to really deliver on that original thesis, which was to drive our whole enterprise entertaining and snacking portfolio. So we're still very excited about the business. Obviously, this disruption is never a good thing, but the team has done great work and feel like we'll be able to get back to hitting on all cylinders in the not-too-distant future.
Peter Galbo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. And Deanna, also congrats on your retirement. Just starting out with volumes. How did volumes play out versus your expectations for the quarter?
Jim Snee: The biggest things for us Rupesh in the third quarter was the Planters volume was lower than we expected. We talk about the contract manufacturing piece, that was another part that was significantly lower than we expected. Turkey was a decline year-over-year, but largely in-line with what we did expect.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. And then I'm not sure how much you can comment on this. But as we look to the next fiscal year, just any initial puts and takes you can share? Obviously, Planters could be a tailwind as we go into next year. Both want to get a sense of whole bird turkey and just contract manufacturing if we -- maybe those could be a net neutral or even positive as we look out to next year.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I mean, it -- I'm going to say that it's early for us to be talking about 2025. But I do think there are some specific areas that as we're starting to look into that timeframe and think about it to the comments I just made, obviously, we expect Planters to be able to rebound and hit again on all cylinders, both retail, foodservice. The continued build-in our transform and modernize initiative, we expect to be able to maintain some of the momentum in our key retail brands. Our international business is really hitting its stride and we expect that to continue to grow. The other part in all of this is to make sure you have the available capacity to grow. And so we have spent a lot of time on that as well to make sure that we have the necessary capacity to support some of our strategic growth areas. And then as I commented on Peter's question, the turkey part just is so dynamic and has so many moving parts that it's really early at this point. But yeah, there's a lot of puts and takes, but there's a lot to like about the work that we've been doing and that's why we're excited about the position we're in, even though we're navigating some of these identified headwinds.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. Thank you for all the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. Just one more back on Planters. You mentioned with the additional $0.03 expected impact and stretching into 4Q. But you had said I think the term was commercial impact along with some of the other things you cited. And I just want to make sure I understand exactly what that means. And is that -- does that point to any potential distribution losses you might have to recover? And if so, could that stretch into fiscal '25?
Jim Snee: Yeah. Michael, it is, the commercial impact is the sales impact that we're missing out on. At this point, we have not had any distribution losses. Obviously, we've been able to work through inventory. We're ramping up production, supplementing that with co-manufacturing. And although, we're not where we need to be, we're certainly navigating the situation and in constant communication with our customers. The part that we don't want to lose sight of is that Planters is a very, very important brand in this category. And so when we're talking to customers, there is that recognition. They always want us back up and running faster. We want to be back up and running faster. But it's an important part of the category. And we can't tell you today exactly what type of spillover there might be into 2025. But again, we're doing everything that we can to make sure that we're filling those needs.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks. And just on the CapEx guide that you're holding. It points to a pretty big spend in 4Q. Is that correct? And just what -- maybe what would some of that be? You didn't change it. So I guess it's not the sort of fix-up costs for the storm damage. What's -- any color on just the -- what seems like a big spike up in the -- late in the year in CapEx?
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah. Good morning, Michael. So you are correct and this is fairly consistent actually with how it sequences during the year. And so Q4, we typically do see a big spend. And so we're comfortable with achieving that amount, $280 million that we have put out for the year. So, nothing really unusual in terms of the spend this time of the year.
Jim Snee: And our engineering team does a really good job of scrubbing the projects and the spend rate throughout the year. So yeah, we feel like we're in a good position.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Your line is now open.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for the question. My first question is going back to whole bird turkey and co-man comment. I think you all said they represented roughly three quarters of the net sales declines. But given their lower price points, is it fair to think that they are -- were a bigger chunk of the volume decline? And just wondering when those comparisons will be cycled?
Jim Snee: Yeah. I mean, I think it's -- from a volume perspective, it's fairly equal. As we're working through the holiday season for 2024, we'll get better visibility in terms of what the demand is, what the sell through is, what the supply side of the business is. And so, while it would be nice to say that you're going to have a clear read heading into 2025, those read throughs tend to be a bit delayed. So, it will be probably spring of 2025 before we're really able to give a better view of how that cycle looks.
Heather Jones: And what about the co-man side? Is that -- you're talking about that as well or just were your comments more on the whole bird side?
Jim Snee: That was more on the whole bird side. So I'm sorry, Heather, I missed your co-man question. Could you go-ahead and elaborate on that again?
Heather Jones: Well, you were -- you all said that co-man Planters and whole bird were roughly 3/4 of the net sales decline in the quarter. And they're lower-price points. I was assuming they're a bigger chunk of the volume decline. And then I was wondering when you think you'll cycle the co-man softness?
Jim Snee: Yeah. So Heather, just what we've said is it's got contract manufacturing and so that is a facility Century Foods that we own. And so we're -- I mean, we're constantly working on that business to drive demand and bring new business into the facility. So that is not a co-manufacturing issue. It's a facility that we own and we refer to it as contract manufacturing.
Heather Jones: Okay. And then my second question is going back to your Analyst Day last year and targeting $250 million and EBIT improvement by '26, it seems like this year is likely to be down year-on-year, so implying a greater lift by '26. And just wondering, given what's happened with Planters and whole birds, et cetera, is there anything that changes your view as to that -- the achievability of that?
Jacinth Smiley: Good morning, Heather. I -- just in terms of clarity, you mentioned that we're down year-over-year. I'm not sure I'm clear on that piece of it. What I can tell you is that we are tracking really well towards achieving that $250 million by 2026 and we'll definitely give more color in the Q4 call. As we talked about during our investor call, October last year, we called this year as being 2024 a year of investment for sure. And so there will be a pretty good ramp '25 to '26. That being said, we are seeing really meaningful impact to our margins and our bottom line here in 2024, irrespective of that.
Heather Jones: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Maybe kind of following up on Heather's question in a slightly different way. I know you're going to give a bigger discussion of the transform and modernize initiatives on the fourth quarter call, but can you help dimensionalize the amount of savings that you have realized year-to-date from those initiatives. You talked about the fourth quarter being the strongest contributor from those initiatives of the year. So what ballpark are those expected to be on a year-on-year basis as we start to then think about that annualized run rate into 2025.
Jim Snee: Yeah. And Adam, we are going to provide a deeper dive in Q4. And so that is going to be the better opportunity for us to talk about what we've been able to achieve financially in '24 and how we're thinking about '25. What I would say is, we talked today in the prepared remarks about planning the business and making the business. But equally important is the work that we're doing on the buy side and we are realizing benefits from our procurement savings, expected logistics supplies from a move perspective, having the analytics across our refrigerated network to enhance our service levels. And just -- I mean, just in general, our processes are really developing and maturing. We'll also have the opportunity to talk about portfolio optimization. And so, we're not in a position to get into the financial part today, but rest assured, we will do that on the Q4 call.
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah. No, and I'll just add as well, Adam, you'll see some of the benefits that you see showing up here in terms of the margin expansion in the business is a direct result of those savings that's falling through the bottom line from different places in the P&L, whether that's from a gross margin standpoint or truly to earnings where we're driving that savings and efficiency in our supply chain. So stay tuned here for our call in Q4 for us to really give you a lot more color there.0
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate that. And if I could just ask a follow-up just on the sales guidance for the fourth quarter kind of implies down 6% to up 4% year-over-year. Just any kind of rough framing on the split there between kind of volume versus price mix and kind of company level by segment for the fourth quarter as you're thinking about it? I know there can be a lot of noise with the commodity turkey whole birds and some of the fresh meat exports and the co-man. So just help clarify kind of where those are going to kind of through the P&L or through the sales line in the different businesses? Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Thanks, Adam. So as we're thinking about the Q4 outlook, we expect the retail business to be down mid-single digits. A lot of the retail dynamics will be similar. We talked about contract manufacturing, not co-mans, some of the market impact that we had originally thought was going to be there as we continue to work through the Planter situation. But mid-single digits is a good number for retail. We expect food service to be up mid-single digits. International, will be lapping on the volume side, commodity business again, but we do see improved mix that will get sales to low single-digits and it gets us to the range you're describing, which is really low, low single-digits. But I think the takeaway here is we can do that math, but the core business is very healthy for retail, foodservice and International.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's very helpful. I appreciate the color. I'll pass it on.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee for closing remarks.
Jim Snee: We are pleased to have delivered another quarter of better-than-expected earnings. While we continue to navigate several identified headwinds, our team remains focused on finishing the year strong and delivering on our commitments. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and hope you have a good rest of the week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-05-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to David Dahlstrom, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Dahlstrom: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2024. We released our results this morning before the market opened. A copy of the release can be found on our website, hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Deanna Brady, Executive Vice President of the Retail segment. Jim will review the Company's second quarter results and give a perspective on the rest of fiscal 2024. Jacinth will provide detailed financial results and further commentary on our outlook. Deanna will join Jim and Jacinth for the Q&A portion of the call. The line will be open for questions following Jacinth's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to rejoin the queue. At the conclusion of this morning's call, a webcast replay will be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started this morning, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the Company's operating performance on a consistent basis. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP figures adjust for the costs associated with the Company's transform and modernize initiative and pork antitrust litigation settlements. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted earnings before income taxes, and adjusted diluted net earnings per share. Discussion on non-GAAP information and reconciliations to the GAAP results are detailed in our press release, which can be accessed from our corporate or investor website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. We delivered a strong first half of the year, with consecutive quarters of better-than-expected earnings, a significant improvement in operating cash flows, foodservice strength, recovery in our International business, and stable volumes across our business. Importantly, we made further progress on our strategic initiatives and we remain on track to deliver on our commitments to drive long-term shareholder returns and growth. We entered the year with a realistic and achievable path to improve our business over the next three years, and our first half performance demonstrates meaningful progress. We are driving savings, minimizing complexity, and reducing costs. As a result of this work, we delivered meaningful gross profit improvement in both the second quarter and the first half of the year. We are also capturing incremental value from our investments. The best example of this is the momentum our team has generated for the Planters Snack Nuts business, which is responding positively to our brand building and innovation efforts. Taken together, we are pleased to report first half adjusted diluted net earnings per share in line with last year. This represents improvement compared to our expectations heading into the year given the uncertain consumer environment and significant headwinds in our Turkey business. Core to our success so far this year is strong execution against our six strategic priorities, which include driving growth for each of our business segments; executing our enterprise entertaining & snacking vision and continuing to transform and modernize our company. We delivered an excellent first half within foodservice, growing volume, net sales, and segment profit mid-single digits respectively. The second quarter represented the fourth consecutive quarter our team achieved volume and segment profit growth and the foodservice team has now delivered year-over-year segment profit growth for nine out of the last 10 quarters. We continued to leverage our highly differentiated business model to provide innovative solutions to solve operator challenges. In the second quarter, we once again saw strong contributions from Bacon 1, our premium prepared proteins, pepperoni and Jennie-O Turkey. With the help of our culinary collective and direct salesforce, we continue to introduce innovative new offerings that are positioned to disrupt large foodservice categories. Two of our newest items, Hormel Flash 180 sous vide chicken and Hormel ribbon pepperoni have already exceeded our fiscal 2024 sales projections. And our new CAFE H Pork Al Pastor product also has been well received in the marketplace. We recently featured these products at the National Restaurant Association Show, where the response from customers was overwhelmingly positive. We believe our foodservice business is exceptionally well positioned to drive category growth, brand value, and operator engagement well into the future. Transitioning to our International segment, our performance has been very encouraging given the challenging conditions the team faced last year. From a profitability standpoint, International had a strong first half of the year with segment profit up almost 30%. Our team drove growth in many areas, including our partnerships in Indonesia and the Philippines, our refrigerated export business and in-country operations in China and Brazil. Notably in China, our foodservice business is performing relatively well, and our retail business continues to recover. We expect our retail business in China to improve in the back half of the year led by distribution gains of SPAM singles, the launch of new Skippy spreads and innovation in our shelf-stable meat snacking portfolio. Overall, we remain confident that we have the right strategy and structure in place to drive growth in our International business and develop our global presence over the long-term. In our Retail segment, we continue to navigate an environment characterized by an uncertain consumer backdrop and pressure from whole bird turkey dynamics. That said, there are many proof points showing that our focus on winning with consumers, winning with customers, and driving profitable growth is delivering positive returns. According to Circana, we gain share across several of our flagship brands during the second quarter, including Planters, Black Label, SPAM, and Jennie-O. Additionally, we increased total points of distribution by 6% for our flagship brands and 4% for our rising brands, which includes brands such as Applegate, Herdez, Corn Nuts, and Hormel Square Table. From a vertical perspective, we delivered strong results both in terms of shipments and consumer takeaway with bacon. Black Label raw and convenient bacon products are resonating with consumers and we expect this trend to continue in the back half of the year, supported by further advertising and innovation. Emerging brands, which contains our Applegate and Justin's brands, also delivered a strong quarter with mid single-digit volume and net sales growth compared to last year. Similarly, within snacking and entertaining, we delivered net sales growth for Planters snack nuts. I'll provide more detail on our successes within this important category later in my remarks. Within convenient meals and proteins, we are experiencing mixed results. Our SPAM family of products and Square Table entrees portfolios both delivered a strong first half even in response to pricing actions. But we did experience softer demand for other center store canned and convenient items. We are also seeing similar softness across the global flavors vertical and within the Mexican categories in which we compete. These trends are not entirely new, and our teams are actively working to address this in the back half of the year. Lastly, our value added meats vertical continues to be negatively impacted by Turkey dynamics. While we did drive growth during the first half across the Jennie-O value added retail portfolio, these gains were more than offset by weaker whole Turkey markets. We expect this business to remain challenged for the rest of the fiscal year. Our objective in retail is to balance volume and net sales gains to drive consistent profitable growth. We are managing through challenges such as Turkey pricing and pockets of software consumer demand. Longer term, the team remains focused on winning with our consumers and our customers, better allocating our resources and improving the margin structure of the business. Now moving on to our Enterprise-wide entertaining and snacking strategy where we continue to win by unlocking the value of our brands across the channels where we compete. Within retail, we saw some of the most positive in-market data for the Planters and Corn Nuts brands since our acquisition of the business, including volume, sales and share gains during the quarter for mixed nuts, cashews and Corn Nuts. This momentum is a direct result of expanded distribution and our investments in innovation, higher ROI advertising and brand building. Additionally, we released several new entertaining and snacking items, including Planters salt and vinegar cashews, Planters Nut Duos, loaded taco-flavored corn nuts, and summer-themed hard salami and pepperoni tray under the Hormel Gatherings brand, and we are supporting Hormel pepperoni, America's number one pepperoni brand. Our new national advertising campaign boldly irresistible highlights the versatility and craveability of this popular snack and is expected to help drive growth in the back half of the year. In foodservice, our team delivered excellent growth during the quarter in the convenience channel led by Planters flavored cashews and corn nuts innovation. And internationally, we recently announced that the Skippy brand is returning to the Canadian market in the form of five all new peanut butter inspired snack products. This compliments the work the team is doing to drive entertaining and snacking growth globally. Turning now to our last two strategic priorities, future fitting our one supply chain and advancing our transform and modernize initiative. In the second quarter, our supply chain efforts once again resulted in lower overall logistics expenses, lower distressed sales and higher investment income from responsible capital management. We also made further progress on our transform and modernize initiative in the areas of supply chain efficiency, portfolio optimization and data and analytics. Now within our planned work stream, we continued the implementation of a new end-to-end planning process and are integrating new planning technology. In the buy work stream, we are realizing the benefits from our new procurement and productivity programs. For the balance of the year, we are broadening our efforts outside the supply chain to all procurement areas. Within make, we completed a major improvement project to expand the capacity for our retail canned portfolio, allowing us to limit external production. Additionally, we launched a project to increase capacity for Bacon1. Both projects use existing assets and infrastructure and are expected to generate strong returns. In the move of work stream, we implemented analytics across our refrigerated network to further enhance our service levels. We are also exploring an expansion of our refrigerated network to drive added benefits and we continue to advance our total company portfolio optimization efforts. Leveraging our analytics tools and capabilities, we are finding opportunities to enhance and support margin profile improvements. We are eliminating lower margin SKUs, allowing us to maximize production time for more profitable items. Also, this quarter, we celebrated the opening of our new $5 million childcare center in Austin, Minnesota. Not only does this new facility assist the company's recruiting efforts in today's tight labor market, but more importantly, the center provides a needed service for our team members and our community. As transformational work is a key driver of our growth over the next several years and is essential for building significant and scalable capabilities for our future. Now shifting to our updated 2024 outlook. We are reaffirming our full-year topline outlook and updating our earnings outlook. We continue to expect net sales growth of 1% to 3%, assuming volume growth in key categories, a benefit from higher brand support and innovation, and our current assumptions for raw material input costs. In foodservice, we expect continued volume growth led by bacon, turkey, pizza toppings, and our line of premium prepared proteins. We expect net sales increases in our international business driven by branded exports and further recovery in China. In retail, we expect higher net sales for our bacon and emerging brands verticals. We have assumed net sales will be negatively impacted by volume and pricing headwinds in whole bird turkeys and higher elasticities in our center store business as previously discussed. From a bottom line perspective, we have increased the lower end of our diluted net earnings per share and adjusted diluted net earnings per share ranges to reflect our solid first half performance and our expectations for growth from our foodservice and international segments, ongoing improvements across our supply chain and benefits from our transform and modernize initiative. Consistent with our prior guidance, our full-year outlook assumes higher salaries, normalized employee-related expenses and costs associated with planned investments in the business, including higher advertising investments. An additional factor expected to impact both our net sales and earnings guidance ranges is an unplanned production interruption at our Planters facility in Suffolk, Virginia. We discovered a food safety issue in April, which has since been resolved. Jacinth will provide more detail regarding the financial impact in her comments. Taking all these factors into account for the full-year, we expect net sales growth of 1% to 3%. Diluted net earnings per share of a $1.45 to a $1.55 and adjusted diluted net earnings per share of a $1.55 to a $1.65 and benefits to net earnings from our transform and modernize initiative, which is expected to deliver its strongest level of savings in our fourth quarter. In closing, our first half performance demonstrates our team's ability to execute our clear and achievable plan. We have line of sight to a strong second half of the year as we make further progress on the initiative we laid out last fall. Our team remains focused on growing operating income, driving savings through our transform and modernize initiative, and capturing incremental value from our investments. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley to discuss detailed financial information related to the second quarter and first half and additional color on our outlook.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Jim noted in his opening comments, we delivered a strong first half of the year. Volume for the first half was 2.2 billion pounds comparable to last year. Broad-based volume growth in foodservice and growth in international offset a decline in our Retail segment. Of the 29 million pound decline in retail, approximately two-thirds of the decline was related to lower sales across whole bird turkeys. Net sales for the second quarter and first half of the year were $2.9 billion and $5.9 billion respectively. Similar to volume there is some nuances in the numbers. The approximate negative impact in net sales for the first half of the year related to whole birds turkeys was 1% weighted more heavily against the second quarter. We increased gross profit by 3% in the second quarter and first half, driven by strength across the supply chain and benefits from our transform and modernize initiative. Gross profit margin improved 90 basis points to 17.4% in the second quarter. All segments delivered higher gross profit margins during the first half of the year. SG&A increased $54 million in the second quarter and $73 million during the first half of the year. These increases include the settlement of pork antitrust litigation, higher employee-related expenses, and higher external expenses, including $19 million related to incremental investments in our transform and modernize initiative. Advertising investments were up 27% in the second quarter and up 9% for the first half. We continue to support our leading brands in the marketplace with new advertising creatives and stepped up spending for the balance of the year, including for the SPAM, Hormel pepperoni, Planters and Black Label brands. Equity in earnings for the second quarter and first half decreased due to low results from MegaMex, partially offset by improvement from our international partnerships. Interest and investment income for the second quarter and first half increased as interest income from higher cash balances and favorable market interest rates offset higher interest expense associated with the recent debt issuance. Earnings before income taxes were $244 million for the second quarter and $530 million for the first half. On an adjusted basis, earnings before income taxes for the first half were $564 million, a 1% increase compared to the first half of last year. The effective tax rate was 22.5% for the second quarter and 23% for the first half, which were higher than last year. Our prior year effective tax rate benefited from higher federal deductions. Given the higher rate to date, the effective tax rate for the fiscal 2024 year is now expected to be between 22% and 23%. The net result of all these factors was second quarter and first half diluted net earnings per share of $0.34 and $0.74, respectively. First half adjusted diluted net earnings per share were $0.79 in line with last year. We also delivered strong operating cash flow during the first half of the year. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $640 million, an increase of 55%. We remain committed to dividend growth investing in our business and maintaining an investment grade rating. We paid our 383rd consecutive quarterly dividend effective May 15th at an annual rate of $1.13 per share. We also announced our August dividend, which will represent our 96th year of uninterrupted dividends. We invested $60 million in capital projects during the second quarter. The largest capital projects for the quarter included the packaging projects for Planters and investment in our new order to cash system. Our outlook for capital expenditures in 2024 remains at $280 million. We ended the quarter with $1.5 billion in cash and short-term securities and $3.8 billion of debt. During the quarter, we completed a debt offering of $500 million. We plan to use the proceeds of the issuance and the cash on hand to pay off the $950 million note that is due in June of this year. As Jim shared, we are reaffirming our full-year net sales expectations and updating our earnings expectations. We expect third quarter pork input costs to increase seasonally and are seeing this pattern play out for key inputs such as bellies, trim and hogs. We continue to assume full-year pork input costs to be higher than last year and above five-year averages. In Turkey, supply disruption this spring from HPAI was minimal and we remain in a strong position to service our customers and attract new business opportunities. We are projecting growth across several parts of our genuine branded Turkey business, including lean ground turkey in retail, and value-added turkey in foodservice. Lower volumes and pricing for commodity whole turkeys are expected to continue to pressure earnings. As Jim noted, we experienced an unplanned production interruption at our Planters facility in Suffolk, Virginia. This issue is expected to affect service levels on some of our highest volume and innovative items, primarily impacting the third quarter. We have included in our updated earnings outlook an estimated $0.03 impact related to this issue. In terms of our back half cadence, we expect third quarter adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be lower compared to last year and the second quarter. The primary drivers are continued whole turkey headwinds and the Suffolk production interruption. We expect adjusted diluted net earnings per share growth in the fourth quarter, anticipating growth from all business segments and the strongest contribution of the year from our transform and modernize initiative. To conclude my remarks, I would like to thank the entire team for their contributions to a solid first half of the year, and for their continued commitment. There is more work ahead and we are confident that we have the right strategy, people and balanced portfolio to drive the business forward and deliver long-term sustainable value. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please ask your question.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Good morning and thank you.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Goldman: I wanted to ask about the EPS guide range, $0.02 increase roughly at the midpoint. Your first half EPS alone came in $0.08 or $0.09 above consensus. You mentioned that the Virginia plant interruption is expected to affect earnings by about $0.03 or so, still is a little bit of a gap between how much the first half beat, and I think it beat your own expectations as you said and kind of what you're looking for from the back half in terms of guidance. So just wanting to get a little bit of idea of if there's any prudence that you might call out in your guidance or just kind of how you're thinking about some of the puts and takes in the back half of the year from a bottom line perspective that might be holding back your guidance range from what it otherwise could have been?
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning, Ken. Thanks for the question. As we sit here today, yes, we're ahead of expectations. We feel good about the business. And as you commented, you saw this morning, we took up the low-end of our adjusted EPS range, increased the midpoint. We also delivered stronger margins for the second quarter and first half, which really demonstrates the progress we're making on, on key initiatives. And if it wasn't for the Suffolk issue that we talked about in our prepared remarks, we would be having a more positive conversation today. A couple of the more specific items to think about, we mentioned Planters and Suffolk. We would also think about – on our first quarter call, we talked about the incremental impact of the full-year Turkey, which was roughly $0.05. And then also, we talked about the tax rate as well that'll have an impact of $0.01 to $0.02. So when you take all those things together, we feel like the raise is – the increase in the raise is appropriate. When we think about what's really positive, we're going to still expect strong performance from foodservice and international. We've got a path to growth in retail. We still expect our strongest transform and modernize delivery in the back half of the year. But clearly, we got some things that we're watching, talking about the Planters business. And then also really keeping a close eye on what's happening with the Turkey market overall. But when you boil it all down to the bottom line, we're really pleased with our half one performance and a clear line of sight to growth in the back half of the year.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. And then for my follow-up, guidance for topline growth was reiterated of course for the year. It does imply a pretty decent step up in the back half rate despite comparisons that are slightly more difficult. You talked about better innovation, more advertising; you talked about your current assumptions for raw material inputs. Can you elaborate a little bit though on kind of what the key drivers will be to maybe accelerate that topline in the back half of the year? Just how do we think about bucketing the most important of those drivers, especially in retail where you said the whole bird turkey business will remain challenged? Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thanks, Ken for the follow-up. I think there's – one of the things I would say is, let's take foodservice and international maybe off the table. Foodservice has got broad-based strength outperforming the industry, really expect that momentum to continue for the balance of the year. The international business, we expect to have strong sales growth in the back half of the year as well. So I think those two businesses are going to provide strong growth and really the story is in retail. And so as we said, it is a bit of a mixed bag. We've got a lot of verticals that are doing just fine. You talk about Turkey, and the impact that that'll have in the back half of the year. And then we also said in our prepared remarks, just watching what happens in the convenient meals and protein vertical. And so we have had bright spots with SPAM, refrigerated entrees, Skippy, but we've got some other brands and categories that we're watching. We do have really strong syndicated data over the last four weeks, which is really, really encouraging. And so there's a lot of good news and we do expect to be able to deliver in that range. What I would say is as we think about it, the most likely scenario would be towards the low end of that net range or the low end of the range for the net sales guide.
Kenneth Goldman: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please ask your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions and for all the color actually on the quarter and go forward. Maybe just for my first question, a little bit of a two-parter. Jacinth, I just wanted to clarify. I think you said that Turkey accounted for two-thirds of the volume decline in U.S. retail. I wasn't sure if that was a first half or a 2Q comment specifically. And then Jim, maybe if you can just elaborate a bit more on the convenient meals and protein side, I mean, obviously we've now gone through kind of lapping the lower snap benefits that would seem to be kind of a category that, that maybe would be a bit more exposed to that. Just what's the playbook from here to kind of try and improve the volume forward as kind of that perceived tailwind is maybe not as much of a tailwind as we would've thought? I think that's probably a broader question across food. But we'd love your thoughts there.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. Hi. Good morning, Peter. Yes, indeed. So the volume impact for the first half is related to – two-thirds of that is related to Turkey. And then Deanna will take the next part of your question.
Deanna Brady: Yes. Thanks, Peter. Relative to convenient meals and protein, I think it's important to kind of tease apart. There was strong growth in SPAM and entrees as well as Skippy, which we bucket under convenient meals and protein where we're really seeing the softer demand and the consumer pullback is in the canned or center store area. When we think about the quarter and some of the impacts, as you mentioned, it really was related to Snap, weather being softer. Historically, that's a quarter that has colder weather and influences the purchase of those types of products. And competition in promotions have heated up in those categories. So as we think about it heading into Q3, that is seasonally a lower quarter for convenient meals of protein. But that doesn't mean our team isn't hard at work attacking some of the opportunities that they're thinking about is, making sure our promotions are in place, making sure our promotions are driving depth, pulling up on frequency to make sure we're getting to those promoted price points that are going to encourage purchase. We're also working close with our retailers on displays and getting product out of center store and out into the other areas where we disrupt people on their path to purchase. We're also shifting some dollars into the category to be speaking with consumers about the value that these items play especially as consumers are thinking about value options as they're shopping. And then I think the final piece is thinking about as we head into the fall, making sure that we already have really significant promotions in place for a heavy holiday season, back-to-school what have you.
Peter Galbo: Got it. That's super helpful. Thanks, Deanna. And then Jim, maybe just to follow-up on Ken's question around kind of the back half sales guidance and understanding the kind of the low-end of the range is helpful. Any thoughts just as we model out the back half kind of volume relative to price mix, how we should think about that I think given what you've said about some of the raw materials and maybe the pass-through nature? Just want to understand some of those components in the back half. Thanks very much.
Jim Snee: Yes. Sure. And we can do that for you, Peter. As just as we go through the segments, foodservice, we expect volume mid single-digits, sales in the high single-digit range. International will be a bit more nuanced where volume will probably be down high-single digits. And a lot of that is lower fresh pork, some of the commodity businesses. But sales, because the mix improves, will be up high-single digits. And then the Retail business, we do expect volume and sales to be in that mid single-digit range down. I'm sorry, low single-digit range down. And then all of that, there's still that path to get us into that guided range, but we do think the most likely scenario would be to be at the low end of the range.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks, Jim.
Jim Snee: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer. Please ask your question.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So just on the advertising front so, we know there's an increase this quarter in advertising. Just curious how the returns are applying out thus far versus your expectations?
Deanna Brady: Yes. Thanks, Rupesh. This is Deanna. As we introduced back at Investor Day, we talked about our flagship and our rising brands and resourcing those brands to drive higher growth rates. When you think about the performance of SPAM, Black Label Bacon, Jennie-O and where we're spending our advertising, we're seeing really strong performance in both volume and market share gains. In addition to the advertising, we're also introducing innovation in all of those categories. And so it's really a one-two punch of not only reminding the consumers about the products, but when they get to shelf that they're seeing some innovation there as well. So we're excited about the advertising. We've also introduced a lot of new advertising with new brand positioning, backing it up and happy to as we think about the quarter coming up pepperoni goes – is already in market with new packaging as well as new advertising. And we're really excited about what that's going to continue to do as one of our other flagship brands. So working well for strong returns and continuing to get stronger and stronger as we progress.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. And then maybe just one follow-up question. As you look at your Retail segment, how would you describe the current promotional competitive backdrop? I know some of the retailers out there are talking about reducing prices, so just to want to get a sense of how you guys would characterize the backdrop right now?
Deanna Brady: So it depends by category. I think in most categories, we're comfortable. And for us we're really thinking about the desired outcome and is our promotional dollars really driving returns for us. And in some cases, under the new structure that we have, we're able to shift dollars from trade into advertising or into other areas to support growth if it's not providing the right return. We're also though then shifting dollars, like I said, on convenient meals and protein into convenient meals and protein to help support the right promoted price points that we need in this particular a lower seasonality for us in convenient meals and proteins. That category in particular seeing more competition, but across the board, we're not seeing anything that's out of the ordinary. Relative to our customers, they get to control price at shelf. We can influence and we can have conversations, we can make sure they understand based on our insights and analytics, what is going to drive growth and profitability and we can inform as a category leader and a category supporter. That's our role.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please ask your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. Just looking at the retail scanner data and how it compared to your reported figures. There was a little bigger gap than we had expected. And I guess first was curious how much SKU rationalizations might be a factor there? Or you've touched on the Turkey weakness, is that maybe a more unmeasured piece of the business relative to others? And just how we should think about that, how that might look over the rest of the year – how the gap might look, but how they would compare?
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for the question, Michael. I think, as you've talked about, really positive trends in our scanner data with five of the six verticals showing growth. And really the decline is in turkeys and in some of the non-tracked areas of the business. We still do have some contract manufacturing business that is showing declines in addition to the Turkey that we discussed. But those are really the drivers for the volume decline.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. That's helpful. And when you talk about the pressure in the center store on at least certain categories, can you point to maybe any common thread, the brands where there's weakness ones that face more private label exposure? Do they have higher price gaps? Is it higher absolute price points? Is there any sort of consumer read there that you can get from what you are seeing in the center store part of the business that you called out?
Deanna Brady: Yes. Thank you. There's going to be a couple of things. One, there's a lot more competition in those categories. We're also seeing the price elasticities play out based on the price increases we took in Q2, based on beef markets as a strong component in the majority of those items. So the price elasticities was something that we anticipated and expected. The competition obviously, and the heavier promotional activity is something that we're working to counteract as we speak.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please ask your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Good morning. So I guess I want to maybe dig in on the retail side. And Jim, I appreciate the clarity you gave around the sales and volume expectation for the Retail segment. In the second half of the year, I know there were some parts of the business where there was targeted price increases that you were putting in place for the end of the second quarter. I just want to maybe hone in on those because they do seem to be touching on some of the categories having more weakness right now. And are you seeing the elasticities proving to be higher than you thought going in? Are you seeing pushback from retailers on just not taking the price increases? Or help me think about how that has – or how that successful those actions are relative to the plans you might have had three or six months ago?
Jim Snee: Yes. I think, Adam, I'll start with kind of the pricing with retailers and clearly there's heightened level of discussions in terms of pricing and that's not anything new. We've talked about that in the past. And the retail team does a really nice job making sure that there's solid rationale and clarification on why the pricing was needed. The other part of this is, the team is working to address those issues now, and there's – it's a combination of short-term and also really the long-term vision of where we see some of these things playing out. And I'll let Deanna add some additional color on that.
Deanna Brady: Yes. So when I think back to Planters as an example a year ago where we took a really thorough approach to thinking about what short-term actions do we need to take to address in the quarter maybe in the half. But longer term, we were also doing work and similar work that we're doing against the convenient meals and protein. When we think about our revenue growth management team and price pack architecture and really evaluating our price points, evaluating our promotional productivity, again, as I mentioned, shifting some of our promotions to a more productive strategy perhaps. We're also thinking about innovation. We mentioned some of our flagship brands that perform so well in the first half and that we expect to continue to perform well. And the drivers of the performance were really three things. It was advertising and refreshed advertising in many cases based on brand positioning work that was done. Is based on innovation and so when we got consumers to the shelf, they were also excited to try new flavors, new pack sizes, new shapes, forms, what have you. So we're also thinking about innovation and advertising. And really some really great work that drove a lot of progress in the first half was our retail selling organization and the total points of distribution that they've been able to gain in both our flagship and our rising brands in the 5% range of increase. And so we expect that important work to do, which comes through sitting down with your category managers and usually can be six months to a year out as those we sell a new total distribution points. So it's going to be a very thorough approach that we again, execute in the short-term through promos, displays, turning on social media as well as long-term through PPA innovation, advertising and gaining distribution.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's very helpful color. And then just taking a step back on the SG&A side, this quarter, obviously there's a bigger year-on-year increase in employee incentive payments on top of the advertising that you kind of more clearly break out. As we think about the full-year, what's the right range of non-advertising-related SG&A growth that we should be thinking about? And presumably that growth would moderate next year because you're not going to have the year-on-year expansion or the same magnitude of year-on-year expansion and employee compensation as you are this year. But just helps us frame that, that trajectory going into through the end of the second half and next year. Thanks.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So the perspective that we're thinking about you should have relative to SG&A is certainly the biggest component year-over-year is going to be the expenses-related to our transform and modernize. And so that will drive a double-digit increase year-over-year in the back half of this year, but also going into next year as well in addition to the fact that we do have that higher compensation that we outlined in our prepared remarks.
Adam Samuelson: That's helpful color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Tom Palmer from Citi. Please ask your question.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Thank you. You noted lower whole Turkey volumes, especially at retail. How does this align with your Turkey production? Are you pulling back that as well? Or is this more reference to kind of what you're selling to customers? Because if you're not cutting supply by as much, I guess, where is the Turkey essentially going and is there a point where maybe volumes inflect a bit more.
Jim Snee: Yes. Tom, good morning. I think the biggest takeaway in Turkey from where we sit today is there really is no change in our outlook. We've got strong internal supply and capacity. The teams are doing a great job both at retail and foodservice. We're gaining share with our lean ground turkey. Our foodservice team, as we've talked about, they've been hard at work regaining some of the lost business that we had during the AI event. And so there's really, really no change to how we're thinking about the business for the rest of the year. Really, we think that we've de-risked the Turkey outlook for the rest of the year.
Tom Palmer: Thank you. Just on the foodservice side. At an industry level, we've seen a pullback in traffic, it seems like you're really not seeing the effects of this and at least the guidance you gave would appear that you don't really expect a whole lot of pressure in the second half of the year either. Could you just give any detail on what's really driving this growth in terms of – are you seeing your customers not seeing the traffic pressure just given maybe a different mix than the broader industry? Are there new customer wins to be thinking about? Just any detail there. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thanks, Tom. Obviously the foodservice team had another excellent start to the year and it remains well positioned for the balance of the year. And so just as a reminder, we compete both in the commercial and non-commercial elements of the business. And so we've really got a broad array of customer base. When we think about who we're targeting and who we're selling to, we talked about the great work happening in the convenience channel, not only with our Planters business, but also thinking about some of the grab and go opportunities for us where we're more of an ingredient. And so it's those things, thinking about the channel diversification, we've talked at length about the competitive advantage. We think our direct salesforce offers us being front and center with the customer, talking to them about their challenges, what's happening in their business. And then last but certainly not least is just this continued innovation pipeline that the team has been able to build. We've again talked for many years about Bacon 1 and how that business continues to grow. This quarter we're talking about our Flash 180 sous vide fully cooked chicken item that we're bringing to operators to help them have high quality chicken items on their menu when maybe they don't have the right equipment or staff to do it. So there's a lot of things at play that, again, we believe puts us in a very advantaged position and helps us especially in the face of some of the data that you're seeing, our team is still out there able to drive results.
Tom Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please ask your question.
Benjamin Theurer: Yes. Good morning. Jim, Jacinth, thanks for taking my question. Obviously, lot's been asked already. Just wanted to follow-up first on some of your expectations on the international business. Clearly, it was good on the profit side, but topline was down. Did I hear this right that you said, like volume down high single-digit, but sales actually up high single-digit, just wanted to clarify that commentary and to understand a little bit if you can share with us a regional nuance as to the performance in international? That would be my first question. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yes. So Ben, you did hear that correctly, in terms of volume being down high-single digits and sales being up high-single digits. And a big part of that is mix. When we think about some of the lower commodity sales that we'll have, and we'll have a lot more branded business going through that segment. As we think about China, the retail business is continuing to improve. It's not where it has been in the past, but there's a lot of great work happening in terms of regaining distribution, innovation in our shelf stable meat snacking portfolio. But the foodservice business is really, really strong and continues to gain momentum in China. We've been pleased with the results of the investments that we've made in Indonesia. Our partners in the Philippines continue to have a strong performance. So again, it really is as we've said that going into the year and even in Q1 is that the business has continued to improve throughout the year as we expected. We do expect some acceleration in half too. And I would remind you again, that when we think about especially Q4 international is lapping a pretty weak Q4 comp that's something else to think about.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. And then my follow-up, if I may, just real quick around the volume performance in retail. And you gave already a lot of detail, but just wanted to understand like, what is your approach in terms of thinking to recover these – this lost volume? Is there any way of considering certain isolated [indiscernible] pricing more temporary through promotion and trying to stimulate the volume? So what is your kind of playbook to get the volumes going again particularly in retail?
Jim Snee: Yes. And I think the one thing I don't want to have lost in this conversation is that there are some brands in that, that vertical that are doing really well. We talked about SPAM, our refrigerated entrees, Skippy, peanut butter. And so there is some really strong performance there. I think Deanna has talked, and I'll maybe let her reiterate the fact that the team is thinking about this in two buckets. There's the short-term work that we can do, and then really the long-term opportunities for the team. And that's really where we want to spend our time to make sure that we've got the parts of the businesses that need the support that we have them on the solid ground. So Deanna, just maybe reiterate some of that.
Deanna Brady: Yes. Beyond what I've already said about our flagship brands, which had a nice volume growth supported by advertising innovation in the first half. We'll continue to see that support as we head into the back half. The other areas that you'll see is continued innovation, and we've got numerous innovation launches. I believe they were in the pre-read deck that were launched in the first half and are launching in the second half. What we're really happy to see with the innovation is that we're bringing in new consumers. So think about the new [indiscernible] entrees and the House of Tsang entrees, bringing in multicultural and younger consumers into the portfolio. Seeing the same thing with the Planters innovation, both the flavored cashews and the duos. So we'll continue to drive new consumers. Obviously those things support not only our baseline business, but incremental business as well. You can see us continue to advertise throughout the back half of the year. And then finally, from a promotional standpoint, we've got a lot of promotional activity already secured through Q3 working on Q4 right now as our teams lock up back-to-school and think about holiday programming. So those are some of the key things the team will be executing both in the short-term as well as continuing to think about the long-term. The one that I don't want to forget to talk about because it's really important work is the price pack architecture work through our revenue growth management team and the data and the insights that we're bringing to the table to really think about overall category growth based on having the right prices on shelf, having the right promotions in place, as well as the right assortment. And that work does take some time to not only do the studies, but also to then get out and execute with customers and then get that new set and new sizing and new pricing and promotions on shelf.
Benjamin Theurer: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Heather Jones from Heather Jones Research. Please ask your question.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Jim Snee: Hi, Heather.
Heather Jones: Hi. My first question is, it's a really quick two-part detail. One was wondering what the Turkey impact in Q2 was on volume and on the Suffolk impact for Q3 even assuming a really high contribution margin, it seems like that $0.03 would translate into about a 3%, maybe 4% impact to retail sales for Q3. So I just wanted to check my math on that?
Jim Snee: Yes. So Heather, I'll start with the Turkey volume. We've been talking about it in the first half. David can get you the specific Q2 number in your follow-up call. And then your estimate in terms of the range for impact in Planter and Suffolk, that's probably pretty close.
Heather Jones: Okay. And so then I just wanted to step back and just make sure I'm understanding the big picture clearly. So relative to when you gave guidance at the beginning of the year. In Q2, I think, if I remember correctly, increased the negative impact from Turkey by about a nickel and then now we've got this $0.01 to $0.02 impact from taxes and then a $0.03 impact from Suffolk. So that's a pretty large number relative to your initial guidance. And so what have been the primary drivers of that the – much greater strength than the other – in the other components of your earnings?
Jim Snee: Yes. Heather, we've seen really strong performance from our foodservice business and our international business has rebounded in a really strong way. The other part that we do want to mention when we bring into this conversation is, is the work that we've been doing and transform and modernize. And so we've talked about that at our Investor Day, we will have the opportunity here at the end of the year to provide some additional clarity. But I think that's a piece of the work that the team is doing. And we again, had that in our prepared remarks. The work that we're doing to plan the business, how we buy for the business, how we make it, how we move it, all of those things have been really, really effective for us. And so that would really be the third driver in our ability to overcome to what you described as our pretty, pretty good headwinds. But the bottom line is that, we're ahead of expectations. We feel good about the business, pleased with half one and a clear line of sight for half two growth.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you so much.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now hand the call back to Jim Snee, CEO for the closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Yes. So I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning. We're really pleased by our overall performance and the strong first half of the year we were able to deliver. This is a result of a total team effort, and I want to take the opportunity to thank all of our teams. We have made a lot of progress on our initiatives, but we still have a lot of work to do. But as I said earlier, we have confidence and our business will keep moving in the right direction for the balance of fiscal 2024. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now ended. Thank you all for joining. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-02-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: [Call starts abruptly] Ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on Thursday, February 29, 2024. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Dahlstrom, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Dahlstrom: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2024. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. A copy of the release can be found on our website, hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Deanna Brady, Executive Vice President of the Retail segment. Jim will review the company's first quarter results and give a perspective on the rest of fiscal 2024. Jacinth will provide detailed financial results and further commentary on our outlook. Deanna will join Jim and Jacinth for the Q&A portion of the call. The line will be open for questions following Jacinth's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to 1 question with 1 follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to rejoin the queue. At the conclusion of this morning's call, a webcast replay will be posted to our investor website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started this morning, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance on a consistent basis. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP figures adjust for the costs associated with the company's transformation and modernization initiative. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted SG&A as a percent of net sales and adjusted diluted net earnings per share. Discussion on non-GAAP information and reconciliations to the GAAP results are detailed in our press release which can be accessed from our corporate or investor website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. We delivered strong results in the first quarter, led by better-than-expected performance in each of our segments and we have made good initial progress on our work to transform and modernize our company. We also achieved broad-based volume growth across our businesses, reflecting the strength of our leading brands, robust demand for our foodservice products and momentum in our Planters snack nuts business. These results demonstrate our team's meaningful execution against our strategic priorities, the value of our balanced business model and marked improvements in our supply chain. Our first quarter results were very encouraging. We grew volume in each of our segments with overall volume increasing 4%. Net sales grew 1%, led by another excellent quarter from our foodservice team. Adjusted operating margin increased compared to last year reflecting higher gross profit and disciplined cost management. Diluted net earnings per share was in line with last year, while on an adjusted basis, we grew our bottom line and cash from operations nearly doubled compared to the first quarter of last year, a direct result of our actions to better manage working capital and grow earnings. We have a clear and achievable path to deliver earnings growth and improve our business over the next 3 years. And as we outlined at our recent Investor Day, we are focused on 3 enterprise objectives to accelerate profitable growth. First, restoring dependable operating income growth from our current businesses; second, driving savings through transformation and modernization; and third, capturing incremental value through our investments in the business. Our first quarter results demonstrate the strides we are making in each of these key focus areas. First, our results indicate progress towards restoring sustainable and dependable bottom line growth with momentum across the portfolio. Taking a closer look by business, foodservice is off to another fast start. Volume and net sales growth were broad-based across numerous categories, led by Jennie-O Turkey and double-digit gains for products such as Hormel BACON 1 cooked Bacon, Pepperoni, Austin Blues Smoked Meats and Cafe H globally inspired proteins. Segment profit increased 10%, driven by volume, mix and favorable logistics expenses. We continue to operate from a position of strength in foodservice due to our long-standing relationships, differentiated product portfolio, innovative solutions and direct sales team. This was again acknowledged by the industry in January when we received the Distributor's Choice Award for strategic partnership by the International Foodservice Distributor Association. This honor recognized our team as the most strategic partner across the foodservice landscape. We also delivered a solid quarter in the convenience store channel led by our Planters business. Volume was strong for our snacking business and convenience driven by positive takeaway for both the Planters and Corn Nuts brands. We expect our convenience store business will continue to be a growth catalyst in fiscal 2024, led by expanded distribution of our flavored cashews, innovation in corn nuts and better service levels on planters, peanuts and trail mix items. We also plan to further leverage the momentum in our snack nuts business to increase placements of our other items across the convenient store footprint. Our International business is also off to a better-than-anticipated start to the year as volume and segment profit both increased compared to last year. Results this quarter were very encouraging, particularly given the challenging conditions the team faced in fiscal 2023. We remain confident the International business will further accelerate over the course of the year, driven by more normalized shipments of SPAM and easing of headwinds impacting our commodity exports and growth from our partnerships around the world. In our Retail segment, our leading brands, execution in the marketplace and recovery in Turkey supported volume growth for the quarter. Demand was strong for many products, including Skippy peanut butter, Planter Snack Nuts, Wholly dips, Herdez and La Victoria salsas, refrigerated entrees and Hormel pepperoni which all grew volume and net sales during the quarter. Additionally, Sir Can-A data noted several positives for the quarter as we gained or maintained share across many of our products in key categories, including the SPAM family of products, Skippy peanut butter, Hormel Black Label Bacon, Jennie-O Ground Turkey, Hormel pepperoni, Planter snack nuts, Herdez salsas and sauces and Dinty Moore stew. While we expect our retail business to face incremental pressure from whole bird turkey dynamics and like many others in the industry, an uncertain consumer backdrop. Our team remains focused on winning with our consumers and our customers, better allocating our resources to drive profitable growth and improving the margin structure of the business. Underpinning the strong starts from our businesses, was improvement across our supply chain as we reverse the inefficiencies and higher operating costs that we absorbed this time last year. Our supply chain improvements resulted in lower freight and warehousing expenses, lower distressed sales and higher investment income resulting from a 4-day reduction in our cash cycle. Finished goods inventory was down on both a volume and dollar basis at the end of the first quarter and total inventory was down almost 9% compared to last year. In addition to forward progress on inventory management, fill rates benefited from the increased efficiency and overall health of our one supply chain. First quarter retail and foodservice fill rates increased compared to both the prior quarter and prior year. And our fill rates have surpassed 97% to begin the second quarter, marking the first time since March of 2020 that we have achieved this level of service. Turning to our second key strategic area, advancing our transformation and modernization initiative. This includes the areas of supply chain efficiency, portfolio optimization and data and analytics. We're in the early innings with these efforts but we are pleased with the progress our team has made thus far. Notably, within our planned work stream, we are implementing a new end-to-end planning process and are integrating new planning technology. In the buy work stream, we are realizing the benefits from our new procurement and productivity programs with further savings expected across many categories, such as logistics, warehousing and supplies. Under the make work stream, we are standardizing our ways of working across the manufacturing network. We are also continuing to take actions to optimize our refrigerated and ambient distribution networks within our move work stream. We made progress on our total company effort to improve our portfolio. Identifying approximately 10% of the items to be optimized. Throughout the year, we expect to use our enhanced data and analytics capabilities to identify more opportunities to better our portfolio. And to support these specific work streams and the broader goals of the organization, we formed a data and analytics office focused on creating easy access to reliable and consistent technology, data and analytics. Executing our transformation and modernization initiative remains a critical piece to our projected growth over the next 3 years and I'm pleased with the team's early progress. Moving on to the third key focus area, capturing value from our investments, where our progress was highlighted by the strong momentum in our Planter snack nuts business. In the first quarter, Planters volume and dollar share maintained positive momentum, while total points of distribution and household penetration grew. We also continue to support the brand via higher ROI advertising and an always-on strategy. Most recently, with the launch of the Planters Ah Nuts! campaign that went live in January. Innovation remains a point of focus for this business. One example is our flavored cashews line which is delivering against our key performance indicators and remains on track to achieve its plan for the year. Importantly, this product line continues to over-index with younger consumers which is driving new consumers and excitement to the Snack Nuts category. Over the next few weeks, we will be launching additional innovation including a salt and vinegar line extension to our flavored cashews and a new-to-market offering, Planters Nut Duos which has the potential to be a significant contributor to the Snack Nuts category. We also continue to innovate with new varieties of Corn Nuts, including Loaded Taco Flavored corn nuts and Kickin' Dill Pickle which is expected to launch in time for summer. From a profitability perspective, we continue to put a heavy emphasis on redistributing our trade dollars to higher ROI promotions and channels, while simultaneously shifting mix toward innovation and premium nut varieties. These are just some of the high priority plans we have in place to keep the momentum going for our Planters Snack Nuts business in fiscal 2024 and beyond. We continue to take actions as the category leader to support the Planters and Corn Nuts brands and drive growth for our business, the category and for our customers. In addition to the Planters business, we have many opportunities to capture incremental value from other investments and initiatives this year and into the future. This includes driving further benefits from the Jennie-O Turkey Store transformation, our go-forward initiative and the recent investments made in capacity and automation. While we realize that 1 quarter does not make a year and there remains significant work ahead, we are confident that we are on the right track to deliver on our commitment to improve our business and increase long-term shareholder returns. Now shifting to our outlook. We are reaffirming our full year net sales and earnings expectations. From a top line perspective, we expect net sales growth of 1% to 3%. This continues to assume volume growth in key categories, higher brand support and innovation and our current assumptions for raw material input costs. In retail, we expect higher net sales across many of our verticals. Targeted retail pricing actions will be effective by the end of the second quarter and are expected to impact our results in the back half of the year. In foodservice, we expect broad volume growth similar to the first quarter, led by turkey, pepperoni and bacon. This volume growth, coupled with higher raw material input markets year-over-year should support net sales gains. We expect net sales increases in our international business to be driven by the branded export business led by refrigerated items, Skippy and SPAM and the retail and foodservice channels in China. From a bottom line perspective, we are also reaffirming our diluted net earnings per share and adjusted diluted net earnings per share outlooks. Consistent with our initial outlook, we expect continued growth in foodservice. Improvement in our international business and benefits from innovation in retail. Our full year outlook also assumes higher salaries, normalized employee-related expenses and costs associated with planned investments in the business. Diluted net earnings per share and adjusted diluted net earnings per share are expected to decline year-over-year in the second quarter and grow in the back half of the year. At a high level, we are assuming our stronger-than-expected start to be partially offset by incremental earnings pressure coming from our whole bird turkey business. Jacinth will provide further details on these assumptions in her remarks. Taking all these factors into account for the full year, we expect net sales growth of 1% to 3%. Diluted net earnings per share to be $1.43 to $1.57 and adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be $1.51 to $1.65. And we expect a benefit to net earnings from our transformation and modernization initiative. In closing, our strong start to the year reflects our team's ability to execute our clear and achievable plan. We remain focused on our strategic priorities and delivering on our commitment to improve our business and drive long-term shareholder returns. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley to discuss detailed financial information related to the first quarter and additional color on key assumptions and our outlook.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. We delivered strong results in the first quarter, led by better-than-expected performance in each of our business segments. During the first quarter, we grew volume 4% and across all of our segments. Net sales for the first quarter were $3 billion, a 1% increase compared to the previous year. Gross profit increased 3% driven by higher net sales and lower logistics expenses. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 17% compared to 16.7% last year and 16.1% in the fourth quarter. Both our retail and foodservice teams drove better margins quarter-over-quarter and compared to last year. First quarter SG&A increased 8%, reflecting incremental investment in our transformation and modernization initiative and higher employee-related expenses. Adjusted SG&A as a percent of net sales was marginally higher compared to last year. Advertising investments are expected to be up significantly in the second quarter and increase for the full year. We are actively supporting our brands in the marketplace, including the SPAM, Planters and Hormel Chili brands. Equity in earnings of affiliates increased 3%, primarily due to the inclusion of minority interest in Garudafood and growth from our partnership in the Philippines. Operating income for the first quarter was $284 million and adjusted operating income was $295 million. Adjusted operating margin of 9.8% increased 10 basis points compared to the first quarter of last year. The effective tax rate was 23.4% compared to 22.6% for the previous year. Our prior year effective tax rate benefited from the impact of certain discrete items and higher federal deductions. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 is expected to be between 21% and 23%. The net result of all these factors was diluted net earnings per share of $0.40 and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.41. Upside this past quarter compared to our expectations was driven by broad-based volume growth, strong results for all of our businesses, improvement across supply chain and below-the-line favorability. Turning to cash flow. Operating cash flow of $404 million increased 98% compared to last year. This was a direct result of our successful actions to rectify the inefficiencies caused by elevated inventory levels last year and underlying business growth. Overall, we drove a 4-day reduction in our cash conversion cycle. We paid our 382nd consecutive quarterly dividend effective February 15 at an annual rate of $1.13 per share, an increase of 3%. We invested $47 million in capital projects during the first quarter, including investments in our Jennie-O Turkey store transformation. Our outlook for capital expenditures in 2024 remains at $280 million. We ended the first quarter with $982 million in cash and short-term investments and $3.3 billion of debt. We plan to utilize a combination of cash on hand and debt issued in the second quarter to pay our $950 million note due in June. We have accounted for a higher interest expense in our outlook and expect to remain within our stated goal of 1.5x to 2x net debt-to-EBITDA. I would like to further highlight the progress we have been making on our transformation and modernization initiative which is expected to drive at least $200 million in operating income by 2026. Through the first quarter, we made great progress and remain on track to capture our full year savings target for fiscal 2024. The work has intensified in the second quarter with the expectation that savings capture will accelerate throughout the year. This year, we are highly confident in our ability to capture direct savings from our productivity programs which are targeting packaging, ingredients and other supply categories. Continued benefits from the work we have done lowering logistics expenses across our network, including lower contracted freight rates, optimized routes, increased truck weights and reduced reliance on third-party warehousing. Benefits from lower distressed sales as we make improvements to our inventory management planning and manufacturing processes. Value derived from new capabilities and ways of working, including integrated business planning and from the implementation of our standardized and proprietary manufacturing system across our network and benefit from minimizing complexity and reducing costs through portfolio optimization. This is a truly exciting and important time for our company as we build toward our future. Transitioning to our outlook. We are reaffirming our full year net sales and earnings expectations. The supplement what Jim reviewed earlier, I will share some additional color on our assumptions for the rest of the year. From a pork perspective, our outlook remains unchanged. The USDA is projecting modestly higher production and exports in 2024. Cold storage levels for pork continued to trend below last year and historical averages which we expect to be supportive of pork markets. We assumed full year pork input costs to be higher than last year and remain above 5-year averages. Specific to turkey, overall inventory levels have recovered despite lingering impacts from cases of HPAI in the fall and early winter. Barring a significant supply disruption this spring from additional outbreaks of HPAI, we are in a strong position to service our customers and attract new business opportunities. We made good progress regaining value-added Turkey distribution in the retail and foodservice channels during the first quarter and we expect this to continue for the rest of fiscal 2024. On the commodity side of the business, whole bird turkey markets have stabilized below our initial forecast. Consequently, we have included in our outlook, incremental earnings pressure from lower-than-expected market pricing. We began absorbing this impact in the first quarter and expect continued pressure for the balance of the year. Net-net, we now expect approximately $0.15 of earnings headwinds from our Turkey business in fiscal 2024 which is an update to the $0.10 impact we called out on our fourth quarter earnings call. Most of this $0.15 headwind will impact quarters 2 through 4. In the second quarter, we expect earnings to be lower compared to last year and lower relative to our expectations heading into the year primarily related to our whole bird turkey business. We remain confident in our growth outlook for the second half of the year, expecting all segments to deliver profit improvement in addition to benefits from our transformation and modernization initiative. To wrap up our commentary this morning, I want to extend my gratitude to each and every member of our dedicated team. Your hard work has been instrumental in delivering a strong start to the year and contributing to the momentum in achieving our strategic objectives to improve our business for the long term. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh: So just going back to the Q1 performance, it was clearly ahead of expectation. So I was just hoping for more color in terms of what drove the outperformance?
Jim Snee: Yes. Q1 was a very strong performance for the company. And it really is -- what's so exciting for us is it was so broad-based. When we think about all the different areas, I mean, clearly, volume is a very positive story. We saw volume growth in each segment. When we think about retail and what's happening in the retail environment, we knew Turkey volumes were going to be positive. But even when we take that, that out and some of our other non-track businesses, retail volumes were up year-over-year. Foodservice had a very strong quarter. They continue to really perform in the marketplace. And so across all of the businesses, really, really great to see them have a successful and strong Q1. And the other thing that we've spent a lot of time talking about is our supply chain. And we've did see marked improvement in our supply chain in Q1. A year ago, we were talking about inventory and we've really been able to get that under our control. We've seen lower inventory volume and dollars which obviously has a positive impact when we think about distressed sales. The other piece that's really, really exciting for us is seeing what we're getting done on fill rates. And we talked about it in the prepared remarks that we've got the highest fill rate since 2020. And then obviously, there were some below-the-line favorability as well. But when we wrap it all up, I think the key takeaway here is, we're executing our strategy and we have confidence that the business will keep moving in the right direction throughout 2024.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. And then maybe just one quick follow-up question. So as we look at the outlook for the year, what are the key risks that you see in delivering those targets?
Jim Snee: Yes. I think we tried to be pretty specific in regards to the risk that Turkey presents to us. We know that the whole bird outlook is worse and we've built in another nickle with -- most of that occurring in Q2. But the other part really is the consumer environment which we're watching very closely. As we think about our business, our shares are solid. We're making advertising investments to support the brands, driving some great innovation but we know that there are categories that are weak and we are watching those volumes. But we're doing all the right things to make sure that we're driving our shares and supporting the brands.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman at JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: I just wanted to clarify something. Last quarter, your slide presentation said to expect back half profit growth in all 3 segments. Today, I think you're saying you'll just see profit improvement. Maybe it's just semantics but I'm just trying to get a sense, do you still expect each segment's profits to increase year-on-year in the back half where now the messaging just will improve sequentially and maybe not all be up year-on-year. Again, maybe just semantics.
Jim Snee: Yes. Great question, Ken. Thanks for asking it. But we do expect profit growth in all segments in the back half of the year.
Ken Goldman: Perfect. And then just on foodservice. Obviously, your tone is pretty strong here. There are some more macro indications that on the edge, some slowdown in restaurant demand is out there. Last quarter, you were seeing higher checks despite traffic softness. You still saw restaurants staffed for all hours. I'm just curious, are there any amendments at all, I guess and how you view the away-from-home situation from a macro perspective or any of those KPIs that you look at?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean we're watching all those things, Ken. The other part, obviously, in Q1, is there were some weather-related events that also have an issue. But from where we sit and if you heard us say many, many times, as we do believe that we have working from such a advantaged position in our foodservice business. Because it's not just the restaurant and hotel business. Right? We have a significant non-commercial business as well. We've spent a lot of time talking about sea stores continue to grow and obviously, the acquisition and execution against the Planters brand helps us in that regard. But even in the more traditional restaurant business, we still feel like we're operating from a position of strength because of this differentiated value-added portfolio, the relationships that we've built over 30 years and really thinking about how can we help the operator take cost out of their system. And we do that through our direct selling organization. So yes, we're watching all those macro factors. We know they're real. But I think the way that we've diversified and balanced the business even within our Foodservice segment is what really helps set us apart.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Just was -- you've got -- just was looking at the volume gains across all segments. That are [ph] defined in food these days but certainly, a couple of them had some price pressure. How are you thinking about pricing? You mentioned a couple of targeted actions coming this second quarter. But can you give us a sense of magnitude or where those might be and just how you think about the rest of the year?
Jim Snee: Yes. Great question, Michael. And actually, the conversation does go back to what we said in Q4 and in our outlook for the year we had, specially mentioned some targeted pricing. But I think to go along with that which is really, really important is that we are investing in our brands and where we've invested higher advertising dollars to drive volume, to improve mix, we've got some great innovation that continues to be generated across many of the brands. And so it is -- it's broad-based pricing. Some of it's wrap around pricing. And just wanted to make sure that, that was clear that it wasn't new that we are going back to Q4 and I think what I'll do is maybe turn it over to Deanna to give you maybe some more specifics on what she's seeing in the retail environment.
Deanna Brady: Just to clarify, it really is very targeted pricing and a few key categories where beef is the main driver. So we've lagged in pricing in some of our grocery items relative to where beef has moved, we've taken some target pricing. With that in mind, though, we've been able to shift dollars from advertising to ensure that, that we're talking to the consumer about the products, the value and the role they play in their lives, particularly for lunch and dinner is really great options. So we've been able to pivot and turn on advertising. And in those categories like [indiscernible]; the ROI on advertising is extremely high. And so it's a really important strategy for us. We're also looking at promotions and thinking about with these different pricing on shelf adjusting our promotional strategy and thinking about depth and frequency of promotion to really get the right price for the consumer to stay in the category with us.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's great color. And you mentioned the incremental headwinds on turkey from extended price pressure or worse than expected. Sorry, if I might have missed it and I know you touched on pretty much broad strength in at least the first quarter but what's the offset for that? Is it just sort of everything else? Or is there anything in particular that really is kind of keeping you to hold guidance that covers the extra pressure in turkey?
Jim Snee: Yes. Michael, I mean, first of all, I want to apologize. I misspoke because I said that it was both targeted and broad-based pricing but it is very targeted pricing which Deanna corrected me on. So when we think about the turkey situation and the reason we are where we are with guidance is, it's early. And for all the factors that we've talked about from some of our earlier questions, obviously, foodservice is off to a great start. The Q1 performance demonstrates the business improvement. Our international team had a really strong first quarter and that exceeded our expectations. They've gotten back on track a little sooner than we thought. And so that's what's going to offset that additional headwind coming from the turkey market. But in regards to just overall guidance, the biggest thing is it's early.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Palmer at Citi.
Tom Palmer: I wanted to ask on or just clarify, I guess, the expected earnings outlook as the year progresses. So you're guiding for the decline in second quarter year-over-year and then an increase in the second half. I just want to clarify, is that you're looking for an increase in both the third quarter and the fourth quarter? Or might that be more weighted to one of those two?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean the way we're thinking about it right now, Tom, is it's -- we're looking at half 2 in totality. And so that's why we think we're going to -- we want to talk about it that way that we'll have profit growth in the back half. And really, what gives us that confidence is, foodservice continues its trajectory. Our international team continues to ramp up their performance. The retail team will continue to benefit. We've got, in addition to what Deanna talked about innovation, distribution, supply chain continues their strong performance. And then we haven't talked about it yet but we do expect to see our transformation and modernization initiative really accelerate as we go throughout the year.
Tom Palmer: And then, I just wanted to ask on your visibility on whole Turkey. I think when we looked at last year, maybe you locked in or contracted a bit less volume pricing for whole birds than maybe in a normal year. So maybe an update there as you look at the progression of this year. Is it going to be a bit more normal in terms of whole bird contracted out and therefore, you have kind of a higher level of visibility on pricing than you did, say, a year ago?
Jim Snee: Yeah. I think, it's we're in the midst of that process right now, Tom. So it's hard to say at this point. When we think about Turkey, there's a couple of components that we really should spend a little bit more time on; there's this the value-added business. And when we think about retail lean ground turkey, that value-added business is doing really well and gaining share. Our foodservice team, because we've got volumes back and supply back, they're doing a great job regaining lost business due to that lack of supply in the foodservice channel. And so really, what we're talking about is the decline in the market which obviously we are applying to what our estimates are in the whole bird turkey business for the rest of the year. And so that's how we're thinking about it to actually know how it's going to shake out from now through the end of the year is still TBD.
Operator: Next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays.
Ben Theurer: Congrats on this very strong results for first quarter. Jim, I wanted to kind of dig a little deeper into some of the volume dynamics and particularly in retail as it relates to the non-Turkey piece of it. And Deanna, maybe that actually a question also for you. As you look through the performance of the fourth -- the first quarter, sorry and you kind of progress further into 2Q and the back half of the year. What are your expectations for some of your other key categories in retail, in particular, as it relates to volume and the cadence of that, if you think about it on a sequential basis? Any color here would be much appreciated.
Deanna Brady: Sure. Thanks, Ben. In the first quarter, we saw really nice volume growth across many of our flagship and rising brands. When you think about Bacon, you think about Pepperoni, you think about Applegate and our MegaMex portfolio, so nice volume both in shipments as well as takeaway at the shelf. Those are also a lot of the categories where we've invested capacity. And so we've got a good runway for growth when you think about Bacon and Pepperoni as examples. Planters had a particularly strong quarter as well as Skippy. And we continue -- we see those all those businesses I just mentioned continuing to grow throughout the year. And then, Jim mentioned Jennie-O Turkey on shelf is doing exceptionally well when you think of the value that turkey offers, the health benefits, we're working really hard to make sure that our consumers understand the value that turkey plays in their diet in particular and the health values there. And then, under our new go-forward structure, we're able to bring our brands together that really can be impactful to help consumers put dinner on the table. So you think of Jennie-O lean ground turkey, coupled with our protein Portfolio as we head into the next quarter with Cinco de Mayo and you'll see a lot of in-store activation of those brands working really hard together.
Ben Theurer: Okay, perfect. And then, just one quick follow-up for Jacinth. On the bond that's due later in the year. Did you say you're going to plan on completely repaying it or partially repaying it? I didn't catch that in the prepared remarks. Sorry for that. I just wanted to clarify.
Jacinth Smiley: So we will utilize our cash on a combination of our cash on hand and also going out to -- with new debt issuance to pay down the full $950 million.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens Inc.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask as it relates to raw material input costs. We've seen various cuts within the overall cutout as well as the overall cutout come down, namely trim down considerably year-over-year, really for the last several quarters. Are you all in a position where you're able to start to recognize some margin benefit from that? And what is the lag associated with that dynamic and perhaps the tail in terms of your ability to procure and secure longer dated lower-priced raw materials?
Jim Snee: Yes, Ben, as we think about the impact of raw materials in the quarter, I mean, it was largely in line with what we expected. And the thing that we've talked about often is it's not necessarily a point in time for a market. It's the volatility and how each of those cuts are reacting. So I think the biggest thing to know is that the commodity markets really didn't have a dramatic impact in our ability to have such a strong quarter this year or this first quarter.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, fair enough. As we think about supporting volume growth through the balance of the year, obviously, a good start to the year, do you find yourself needing to make or wanting to make targeted investments in promotional activity or vendor sponsor trade spend to support volume. What is your strategy there as we move through the year?
Jim Snee: Yes. I'll go ahead and start on just the broader organization. I think we spend a lot of time on retail but I do think it's important to think about the total company volume growth. And international, again, had a really strong first quarter earlier than we expected but we expect them to show volume growth. Our foodservice business continues to be healthy that will be a strong contributor to the total company volume performance. But I'll let maybe Deanna address the retail question specifically.
Deanna Brady: The plan for the rest of the year is a year-over-year increase in advertising. You'll see that advertising really pushed under our new structure towards the flagship and rising brands. That's working exceptionally well for us and we're seeing extremely strong return on investments. We have also moved to an always-on strategy, in particular, with Planters and that's working really hard as well. In addition to advertising to drive growth, we've got the most robust innovation pipeline and execution plan across a variety of our categories as we head into the year. And then, we finally are thinking about promotional activity as well and really monitoring how promotions are working and we are seeing a difference from how they've worked for the last few years as well as thinking about relative to pre-COVID time frames but really being intentional to ensure that we're getting the right promoted prices to help drive growth and keep consumers in our categories and with our brands.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Maybe just two really quick ones. Jacinth, thanks for the help on Jennie-O, the $0.15 update. I was wondering if we could just get a little bit more detail in terms of cadence. A, just what the impact was of that $0.15 in the first quarter and then I think you said the majority of it coming in 2Q, if you could put a finer point on that.
Jacinth Smiley: So the way we are thinking about it for the rest of the year, certainly, it's going to impact all the rest of the quarters going through the year. But we're thinking about the most of that impact coming in the second quarter and then the rest spread out. So if we think about the additional $0.05 that we talked about, so coming into the year -- last year, we talked about $0.10 impact as we updated and looked at the impact this year, we think there's going to be an additional $0.05 and the additional $0.05 is going to be spread out with the most of that $0.05 coming in the second.
Peter Galbo: Okay. But is it fair to assume like was there a very minimal impact in the first quarter? Or just, again, as we're trying to bridge the whole number?
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. There is certainly some of it that happened in the first quarter, for sure, Peter. But it's a little bit minimal.
Jim Snee: It's fair to say some of it will spill over into Q2. But in addition, we'll have the $0.05 to what Jacinth described as the majority of that $0.05 in Q2.
Peter Galbo: Got it. And then, Jim, just foodservice, 1 question and maybe 1 comment. Obviously, quarter came in a lot better than a lot of the indicators would have said kind of back to Ken's question. Even to speaking about some of the headwinds from January. So just maybe wanted to unpack that more. And then I think in your prepared remarks, you said foodservice volume you'd expect kind of at similar level through the rest of the year. So I just wanted to make sure I understood that comment if it was just more of a positive volume trend on food service.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, I think, the key takeaway here is the foodservice business continues to operate from a very advantaged position. And really strong Q1 and we expect that business to continue through -- continuous trajectory throughout the year which a big part of that is the volume growth that we expect in the back half of the business from it as well. So there was the January slowdown which really is just weather driven. We see the weather impacting the business and then, of course, some of the post-holiday doldrums. But the business continues to perform really well and we expect it to continue its trajectory in the back half of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson at Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So maybe just the first question, bit of a clarification. Just as I think about turkey and the impact on company level volumes, this quarter, you were lapping some of the steepest production disruptions last year from HPAI in your own business. And so just can you just articulate how much of the year-on-year volume growth at the company level, 3.7%, was attributable to kind of the normalization of your own turkey production, I would think it explains basically all of that 3.7%. And maybe touching on Peter's question, just to be clear, Jim, are you saying foodservice, you think, is growing volumes kind of mid- to high single-digit clip for the balance of the year? Or you're talking about the absolute volume tonnage staying at this level through the balance of the year.
Jim Snee: Yes. Okay. So Adam, I guess on the Turkey question with volume, what we were saying is that we had expected Turkey volumes to grow which they did. But then, we also saw growth in underlying volumes in our broad-based value-added businesses. So that's how we're thinking about that. And then really for foodservice volume growth, we expect that to be in the mid-single-digit range.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. Well, okay. So I guess maybe kind of keying off that then, especially where there's still inflation on the beef side. I'm trying to think about kind of mid-single-digit volumes in your foodservice business, kind of some recovery in International which had a quite challenging 2023. I'm trying to square that to the overall guidance for company level sales of up 1% to 3% for the year and just the implied decline in either consolidated pricing and/or the retail business in the balance of the year. So how do I bridge those 2 pieces a little bit more clearly?
Jim Snee: Well, there's a lot there, Adam. I think from our perspective, I think, there's 2 things. I want to go back to the reason we reaffirmed our guidance is it's early. But I think the second part in terms of -- as you think about trying to parse all of that apart, I know you'll have a follow-up call with David and that's probably a really good time to walk through all those different parts.
Operator: There are no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to Jim Snee for closing comments.
Jim Snee: Well, I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning. We're really pleased by our overall performance in the strong first quarter that we were able to deliver. This is a result of a total team effort and I want to take the opportunity to thank all of our teams. It's early. We know we have a lot of work to do to deliver the numbers we want to deliver for the balance of the year. But as I said earlier, we are executing our strategy and we have confidence that the business will keep moving in the right direction throughout 2024. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for participating and we ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-11-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on Wednesday, November 29, 2023. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Dahlstrom, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Dahlstrom: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. We released results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website, hormelfoods.com, under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Deanna Brady, Executive Vice President of the Retail segment. Jim will review the company's fiscal 2023 fourth quarter and full year results and provide a perspective on our outlook for fiscal 2024. Jacinth will then provide detailed financial results and further commentary on our outlook. Deanna will join Jim and Jacinth for the Q&A portion of the call. The line will be open for questions following Jacinth's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. At the conclusion of this morning's call, a webcast replay will be posted to our Investor website and archive for one year. Before we get started this morning, I need to reference the safe harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com under the Investor section. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP figures adjust for the impact of an adverse arbitration ruling, non-cash impairment charges, and costs associated with the company's transformation and modernization initiative. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of sales, adjusted diluted net earnings per share, and net debt to EBITDA. Discussion on non-GAAP information and reconciliation to the GAAP results are detailed in our press release and earnings supplement, which can be accessed from our corporate or Investor website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2023 was a challenging year for the organization as we navigated an environment that remained volatile, complex and high cost; regardless, our results did not meet our expectations. We still achieved our second consecutive year of net sales in excess of $12 billion, continued to reinvest in the growth of our leading brands, drove strong operating cash flows of $1 billion, returned a record amount of cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends, and achieved the safest year in our company's history. We also made further progress on our evolution as a global branded food company, including the implementation of our Go Forward operating model and the integration of Jennie-O Turkey Store. As we turn the page to fiscal 2024, there is urgency across the organization to improve our business. And as we outlined at our recent Investor Day, we have identified a clear, realistic and achievable path to return the business to its historical earnings trajectory. Our focus going forward is clear: first, restore sustainable and dependable bottom-line growth from our current business; second, drive savings by minimizing complexity and reducing costs; and third, capture incremental value from our investments. Our first milestone will be our performance in fiscal 2024, which is expected to be an investment year for the company. As with any year, success will be predicated on how we execute against our strategy. First, we must drive focus and growth in our Retail business, our nearly $8 billion powerhouse of leading brands, talented people and strong capabilities. Our Retail team has made tremendous progress implementing the Go Forward structure, which involved combining seven retail businesses and standing up our Brand Fuel center of excellence. Importantly, the Retail team now operates with a single vision and clear strategic focus. We expect this team to win with our consumers and our customers, better allocate our resources to drive profitable growth and improve the margin structure of the business. Second, we must continue to expand our leadership position in Foodservice. This business has emerged from the pandemic stronger, and again, delivered excellent results in fiscal 2023. In fiscal 2024, we expect continued growth in Foodservice. We are confident that we can accelerate growth in the key categories of bacon, pepperoni, prepared proteins and turkey. Also, we can establish a digital leadership position in the industry and expand our presence in the C-Store channel. Third, we must aggressively develop our global presence, which starts with reigniting growth in our international business. Fiscal 2023 was a particularly challenging year for our international business due to softness in China, weak commodity markets and higher-than-expected elasticities on our branded export business. While results in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 are assumed to remain challenged, we anticipate a steady recovery beginning in the second quarter. In fiscal 2024, we expect to benefit from more normalized shipments of SPAM to the Philippines and easing of headwinds in our commodity businesses and recovery in China. As the near-term headwinds abate, we anticipate this business to resume delivering accelerated growth. Fourth, we must execute our enterprise-wide entertaining and snacking vision by unlocking the power of our brands across the channels where we compete. We are positioned to win in this on-trend category with brands such as Planters, Corn Nuts, Hormel pepperoni, Columbus and Hormel Gatherings. We have been pleased with the momentum we have built in the back half of the year for the Planters business. Data for the latest quarter shows accelerating dollar and unit sales in addition to share, household penetration and distribution gains. Much of this momentum is being driven by innovation. Our new flavored cashews line is meeting or exceeding expectations in the marketplace, over-indexing with millennial consumers, growing household penetration and introducing new consumers to the category. To capitalize on this success, we are launching another flavored cashew variety in fiscal 2024 in addition to a slate of new to market innovations. We have aggressive plans to keep the momentum going for our Planters snack nuts business in fiscal 2024, led by further innovation, new distribution, brand investments and effective promotional support. We continue to do our part as the category leader to support the Planters and Corn Nuts brands to drive growth for our business, the category, and for our customers. Fifth, we must future-fit our One Supply Chain, which means reducing costs and minimizing complexity while investing in long-term growth. We recently announced that we are converting the Barron, Wisconsin plant, which currently operates turkey harvest and value-added production lines, into a value-added facility to support growth across our broader portfolio. Harvest operations are expected to cease during the second quarter of fiscal 2024. These actions at the Barron facility are consistent with the goals we laid out in late 2021 when we first announced transformational efforts at Jennie-O Turkey Store. We are committed to building a more demand-oriented and optimized turkey portfolio that is better aligned to the changing needs of our customers, consumers and operators. The actions at the Barron plant further right-size our turkey supply chain, supporting consistent top-line growth, improved profitability and decreased exposure to commodity volatility. We are also committed to optimizing the Jennie-O Turkey Store System, including freeing up plant space to support growth across the broader Hormel Foods portfolio. The Barron plant is expected to support high demand and high growth product lines across all areas of the organization. Lastly, we are committed to integrating the turkey business into the broader organization to drive efficiencies and growth. Our Retail, Foodservice and International segments have been directly supporting the turkey business for a year and we anticipate this continued collaboration to drive long-term growth for the Jennie-O brand and across our entire turkey portfolio. Finally, we must transform and modernize our company, which is a critical piece to our projected growth over the next three years. At our recent Investor Day, we detailed our plans to transform and modernize the organization. Over the next three years, we expect to invest approximately $250 million in implementation, personnel, and project costs, including investments in capital expenditures and technology. We expect around one-third of this investment to be made in fiscal 2024, resulting in a modest benefit to net earnings for the year. Looking to the out-years, we are targeting $200 million-plus in operating income growth by fiscal 2026 from the transformation and modernization initiative across the supply chain and portfolio optimization. To be clear, we expect a modest benefit to net earnings in 2024, which has been factored into our outlook. We expect benefits to accelerate in fiscal 2025. We expect to achieve our target in fiscal 2026. And we expect this initiative to provide significant residual benefit in fiscal years 2027 and beyond. Through transformational work, we expect to build significant capabilities for the future. This is truly exciting work for the organization. Before I provide further color on our fiscal 2024 outlook, I want to briefly detail how we finished fiscal 2023. Net sales for the fourth quarter were $3.2 billion, and diluted net earnings per share were $0.36. Excluding the impact of non-cash impairments and investments in transformation and modernization, adjusted diluted net earnings per share were $0.42. As expected, our Foodservice segment finished the year strong, while the risks we identified heading into the quarter, including pricing headwinds in turkey, lower retail volumes and continued pressures in our International business, negatively impacted results. These results were in-line with the low-end of our revenue and adjusted diluted net earnings per share expectations. Turning to our outlook. For fiscal 2024, we expect to drive modest volume and net sales growth for the full year. This growth is expected to come from our key categories, supported by higher brand investments and innovation. In Retail, we expect higher net sales across many of our verticals, including bacon, convenient meals and proteins, global flavors, emerging brands, and snacking and entertaining. We have embedded in our outlook targeted pricing actions, a step-up in innovation, and higher brand support to drive volume and improved mix. In Foodservice, we are anticipating broad volume growth led by turkey, pepperoni and bacon. In addition to higher volumes, net sales are expected to benefit from higher raw material input markets. In our International business, we expect net sales increases to be driven by the branded export business, led by SPAM and Skippy, and improvement in both the Retail and Foodservice channels in China. From a bottom-line perspective, we expect growth from the Foodservice and International businesses and expect a decline in our Retail segment. While the Retail segment is expected to benefit from sales growth and improved mix, we do not anticipate this growth to overcome the significant headwind from the rapid decline in the commodity whole turkey market. For context, whole turkey prices began calendar year 2023 at all-time highs and have since fallen below the five-year average. We are closely monitoring sell-through of whole turkeys this holiday season as well as any potential supply impacts from HPAI, which has again affected flocks this fall. These are very unusual market dynamics which has added additional risk and uncertainty to our outlook. Given these factors in turkey, we have included in our outlook meaningfully lower market pricing on our high-volume whole turkey business. Similar to the dynamics we experienced in the fourth quarter, we expect earnings to decline in the first half of the year due to the impact from lower turkey markets, lower volumes in the Retail segment and continued softness in our China business. We expect these pressures to have the greatest impact in the first quarter. Taking all these factors into account, we expect net sales growth of 1% to 3%, diluted net earnings per share to be $1.43 to $1.57, and adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be $1.51 to $1.65. And we expect a modest benefit to net earnings from our transformation and modernization initiative. As I alluded to earlier, we have embarked on an initiative to return the business to its historical earnings trajectory and deliver on the commitment we made at our Investor Day. To reiterate the key elements of this initiative, in fiscal 2024, we expect a year of investment, which assumes: underlying growth across many parts of our current business, offset by a significant headwind from turkey; higher salaries and normalized employee-related expenses; the impact from our new labor agreement; and higher support for our leading brands. It also assumes investments into our transformation and modernization initiative resulting in a modest benefit to the year, and it assumes capturing incremental value from Planters, our turkey business integration, Go Forward, and the investments we've made in additional capacity. In fiscal 2025, we expect to accelerate growth, which assumes strength from the underlying business, significant benefits from supply chain savings and portfolio optimization and further strategic value capture. In fiscal 2026, we expect to deliver at least $250 million in operating income growth. As we begin 2024, we remain focused on our strategic priorities, executing our transformation and modernization initiative, fueling our innovation pipeline, and exiting the year with momentum in our business segments. I remain confident that we have the right brands, strategy, people, and culture to deliver on our commitment to improve our business, and drive long-term shareholder returns and growth. In closing, I want to recognize all the hard work carried out by our team in what was a challenging year. We successfully completed a very large reorganization, made progress addressing near-term challenges facing the business, and accelerated the transformational work that will better position the company for future success. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley to discuss detailed financial information related to fiscal 2023 and added color on key drivers to our outlook.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Full year net sales were $12.1 billion, the second highest net sales achievement in our history. We also delivered $2 billion in gross profit for the year. Full year selling, general and administrative expenses increased compared to last year primarily due to an adverse arbitration ruling. On an adjusted basis, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales finished comparable to the prior year at 7.1%. Advertising investments for the fiscal 2023 year were $160 million compared to $157 million last year. We have planned another increase in advertising investments in fiscal 2024 as we continue to support our leading brands in the marketplace. For fiscal 2023, equity in earnings of affiliates increased due to significantly higher results from MegaMex Foods. Operating income for fiscal 2023 was $1.1 billion, and adjusted operating income was $1.2 billion. Operating margin and adjusted operating margins were 8.9% and 9.8%, respectively. The tax rate for fiscal 2023 was 21.8%, marginally higher than last year. The effective rate for fiscal 2024 is expected to be 21% to 23%. For the full year, diluted net earnings per share were $1.45. Excluding the impacts of an adverse arbitration ruling, non-cash impairments, and investments in our transformation and monetization initiative, adjusted diluted net earnings per share were $1.61. We remain committed to dividend growth, investing in our business and maintaining an investment-grade rating. Our consistent cash flows of more than $1 billion in fiscal 2023 and a disciplined financial strategy directly support these commitments. In fiscal 2023, we returned a record $593 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends, including payment of our 381st consecutive quarterly dividend effective November 15th. We also recently announced an increase in the annual dividend of 3% to $1.13 per share for fiscal 2024. This year will be a remarkable 58th consecutive year of dividend increases. We invested $270 million in capital projects during fiscal 2023, supporting growth for SPAM and for Retail and Foodservice pepperoni. We are investing $280 million in capital projects for fiscal 2024, which includes investments in our Barron facility, investments supporting our transformation and modernization initiative, and to support high demand Planters items. While 2023 was a challenging year for the company, our strong financial position allowed us to continue sharing our successes, which included recognizing our team members for the 85th consecutive year through our annual profit sharing program. We ended the year with $3.3 billion of debt and over $750 million in cash and short-term securities. We remain in-line with our stated goal of 1.5 times to 2 times net debt to EBITDA. Before turning to our outlook, I would like to highlight the progress we made during the year reducing inventory. As we committed to earlier in the year, we achieved our days sales in inventory target of less than 60 days for the quarter and drove a sequential reduction in dollars of both finished goods and total inventory. Inventories finished the year at $1.7 billion, a decrease of $36 million from the beginning of the year. We enter fiscal 2024 with responsible levels of inventory to support and achieve our targeted fill rates with ample production capacity to grow the businesses. While Jim covered many of the puts and takes embedded in our fiscal 2024 outlook, I want to provide additional color around our investments in the business and assumptions on key raw material markets. We are investing for growth in fiscal 2024. Specifically, we will be investing in end-to-end planning capabilities, infrastructure and software to further our data and analytics capabilities, a modernization of our order-to-cash system, and incremental headcount to support the plan, buy, make and move workstreams across our supply chain. We anticipate about one-third of the total investment to be recorded in fiscal 2024. About $0.08 EPS is expected to be one-time, with the rest capitalized or included in the ongoing cost structure of the business. Shifting to the cost environment, our fiscal 2024 outlook assumes pork input cost to be higher than last year and to remain above the five-year average. The USDA is projecting modestly higher production and higher exports in 2024. Additionally, cold storage levels for pork have trended lower year-over-year and compared to these historical averages, which we expect to be supportive of pork markets. Of note, these costs are expected to continue to be a headwind in fiscal 2024 as the industry cycles through lower supplies. Turkey sales and volumes continued to recover in the fourth quarter as we grew turkey volumes in each of our segments. The investments behind our value-added turkey portfolio and lean ground business are working, with ground volume and dollar sales outpacing the category for the latest four- and 13-week periods. Turkey markets continued to move lower during the fourth quarter, pressuring prices across our channels. We have assumed prices will remain depressed in our fiscal 2024 outlook. We do expect to partially offset these pricing headwinds with lower feed costs. HPAI has reemerged again this fall, creating another unusual event affecting our vertically integrated supply chain. At the present time, we do not expect supply impacts to the degree we experienced in the first half of fiscal 2023. The situation remains fluid and the risk of additional cases creates a heightened level of uncertainty in the outlook of our turkey business. In closing, I too want to recognize the dedication and hard work of over 20,000 employees across our great company. In so many ways, our team rose to the challenges thrown at them while continuing to deliver safe and trusted products to our customers, consumers, and operators. As Jim noted, I am proud to confirm that we officially achieved our safest year in the history of the company, a testament to all team members who uphold our Safety First culture and keep it at the forefront of our business. This is a key part of the continued success of the company, one that can never be taken lightly. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question coming from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. Good morning. So, Jim, there's a tremendous amount of detail in the outlook. I was hoping first to, if you could help maybe just frame a little bit more clearly kind of the high- and low-end of the guidance range, which is quite wide and quite wide relative to the sales outlook which is fairly narrow. So help us, first, maybe understand kind of what happens in the market, in the business, in the external environment that gets to the high-end of the range relative to the low-end of the range, which would be a pretty meaningful step down in operating earnings relative to what you did in fiscal '23, maybe to start.
Jim Snee: Great. Yeah, thanks, Adam. I think, the best place to start is to remember that, I mean, our underlying portfolio here is showing growth. And as we called out in the remarks, there is a significant downturn in the turkey business, especially in Retail, with the biggest impact we expect in Q1 and Q4. More specifically to your question about how we think about the range, the range is consistent with what we've had in the past. And we take into account all of our traditional assumptions. But as we think about what could move us higher, better-than-expected volume mix, depending on what does happen with the turkey market, we've got this fall outbreak that just continues to escalate, that can certainly have an impact going forward. The other part is, as we think about the work that's underway already for some of our savings initiatives, our ability to over deliver there. On the flip side, the same holds true on turkey markets, right? If we continue to see some of those declines, that would take us to the other side. And then, I think the part that we're all watching very closely is what's happening with some of the macro issues. In our business specifically, what's going to happen in our International business, the China recovery. When we think about price elasticities in Retail, how do those impact the business for 2024. And so, those are the things that we're thinking about and watching. But, again, when we roll this business up, we feel like we're in a good place that we've built in the right amount of risk when we think about the turkey business, the right amount of growth in the underlying portfolio which, from a retail perspective, absent turkey, we're seeing growth across almost all of the retail verticals. Foodservice will continue its strong performance. And we do expect International to start to recover after Q1. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit more clarity on that range.
Adam Samuelson: That's helpful. And then, maybe just touching on the price elasticity point, because I think incremental pricing actions are going to -- prove to be increasingly uncommon in the food space moving into 2024. So, any additional color or description on where those are in magnitude or are they already in place in the market? And just to confirm that excluding turkey, you think your Retail volumes are growing in fiscal '24?
Jim Snee:
,:
Deanna Brady: Thanks. Good morning. As we think about pricing, we've had a lot of pricing over the last two years. A lot of that pricing has been reactive. And as we sit here today, we are in a position to be thinking about it proactively. First of all, we'll be leveraging our modernized revenue growth management practices and really taking a robust look at our flagship and our rising brands, which are designed to drive higher growth. We're investing in those brands for growth. And as we think about those brands and their position in the category, we'll be thinking about the COGS and whether the commodity inputs to those areas are suggesting an increase. We'll also be thinking about what is our long-term ambition and what are the needs for us to be able to invest into these brands to continue to grow. And so, some of that will require some consideration in regards to pricing so that we can have additional dollars for trade as well as advertising and innovation. As we think about elasticities, elasticities in our mind and what we're seeing are back to the pre-COVID levels. And so, it's important that we take those elasticities very seriously because they are moving, and moving pretty quickly. The other factors that we're thinking about is our position in the category. And definitely at this point, we'll be more targeted and surgical about our reaction. And then my final thing is, it doesn't have to be price as well. There's obviously trade. And trade, prior to COVID again, was pretty -- there's a lot of categories that are pretty inelastic. And so, there are dollars to be considered from a trade perspective that we can redirect those dollars into other tactics that will enable us to grow the business. Thanks.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate all that color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: [Technical Difficulty] We're not receiving any response from Mr. Galbo's line. We're moving over to the next question. Our next question comes from the line of Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, Jim, I just want to go back to your comments on, you talked about slowing consumer demand. So, just more color on what changes you're seeing in consumer behavior lately?
Jim Snee: Yeah, I mean, Rupesh, I think the elasticities that Deanna is talking about, we know that we're back to pre-2019 level. So, we have to be thoughtful about how we're -- what levers and how we're pulling them, when we think about pricing, when we think about promotion, when we think about advertising, making sure that we are connecting with that consumer to drive the demand. But -- I mean, we also understand the amount of pricing that's gone into all these categories over the last couple of years, and it's been very, very significant. And I don't believe that consumers have fully digested all of the pricing that has still come through. So, I think it's a work in process. To Deanna's point about our positions in the category, that's really, really important as we think about those number one and number two positions that we hold. But through all of it, I think, again, the key takeaway here is this underlying portfolio, ex-turkey, in Retail especially, is planned to show volume growth in 2024.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay, great. And then maybe just one follow-up question. So, as you look at the environment for the coming year, how do you think about the promotional backdrop and competitive backdrop? Like, how do you think that evolves from here?
Jim Snee: Yeah, Rupesh, I am going to let Deanna maybe elaborate on that a little more consistent with what she said the first time. So, why don't you go ahead, Deanna?
Deanna Brady: Good morning, Rupesh. Thanks, Jim. It's really category by category. We've got areas of the business that I'll say are somewhat consistent with where the promotional activity has been. We have other areas and other categories where it is increased. So, think of lunch meat, think of chicken, poultry areas, we're seeing more aggressive pricing and promotion activity, which is a little counterintuitive. When we think about it holistically though, from a promotional standpoint, there's an opportunity to reset promotions to ensure that we have the most effective promotions for the consumer, for the customer, and for our brands and business. And so that's really the evolution of our revenue growth management and our pricing teams working hand-to-hand with our customers and customer teams is really ensuring that we have the best and most productive promotions out there. That's really what's going to be impactful to helping drive the business for growth and not just continue to dissolve base business and lower the category both in volume and dollars. Thank you.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question coming from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead, sir.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Jim Snee: Yeah, we can hear you, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks. Maybe just one quick one clarification. Jacinth, did you give a net interest expense guide at all on the quarter -- I'm sorry, for the year? I think you have a bond that's going to come due in June that will need to maybe be [refied] (ph). So, maybe if you could just elaborate on that?
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah, good morning, Peter. So, yes, we do have that's coming due -- we have $950 million coming due here early June. We did not give guidance on the interest numbers. We certainly are working through and looking at options to pay down that debt. We haven't landed in a spot yet. What I can tell you though, we have definitely baked in higher interest expense in the numbers that we have guided to here for the year.
Peter Galbo: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then just maybe, Jim, in the conversation around elasticity, I guess what's been more notable is just the impact from kind of the reduced SNAP payments maybe took a bit more time to start impacting volumes than others expected. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in real time? [indiscernible] I would think at least some exposure there, but what kind of the SNAP impact has been? And then maybe when you think it starts to get better or even modestly flip to a tailwind? Thanks very much.
Jim Snee: Yeah, great. Thanks, Peter. I mean, I think the macro discussion has been filled with a lot of different information. When we think about some of the economic uncertainties that are showing up in these elasticities, we have talked about the reduction in SNAP, obviously, we're talking about interest rates being high, and as rates go up, that's taking more people's money, student loan mortgages, which all of that can lead to a depleted or lower position. And -- so, what's interesting for us is, I think, again, as we go through this category by category, we're seeing different behavior in these different categories. And so, we have some premium categories that continue to do very well. To your point, I think in the short term, some of the center store items have been pressured and there could be a link back to some of the reduced SNAP or other -- the macroeconomic issues. I think, again, to Deanna's point, our job is to be able to restore that growth and how do we do that by connecting with the consumer, reminding them of the value of our portfolio and making sure that we're pulling the right levers, whether it's promotion or advertising. Those are the things that we do. And so, we appreciate and understand that there might be some short-term impact, but we also know that we know how to navigate through this situation. And then, I would -- I don't know, Deanna, if there's anything that you would want to add to that conversation.
Deanna Brady: The only thing I would add is, it's very fluid. We're watching it all very closely. I was talking to Jim and Jacinth yesterday, and I commented that I didn't used to keep such a close eye on the four-week turns, but in this environment, four weeks actually are signaling things. An example is, the last four weeks in our convenient meals and protein category showed an improvement over what we saw in the fourth quarter in some of those areas where we felt that there was pullback from the consumer. And so, we're keeping a close watch really on all our categories, our consumer, and working closely with our customers to navigate the macro environment that the consumer is facing. Thanks.
Peter Galbo: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question coming from the line of Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to touch on turkey again. It's obviously unusual seasonally to have some of the pricing pressure that you're seeing, but it seems maybe even a little bit more unexpected coupled with the resurgence in the avian flu. I guess, what does it take for pricing to recover? And then, you had mentioned how you've been factoring in the price pressure in your outlook. I guess maybe can you give us any sense of what conservatism is there? Or if pricing were to improve, how much of an impact that could have, and maybe just to -- try to put it in some context?
Jim Snee: Yeah, I think, Michael, the question you're asking about what's it going to take. I think the turkey supply situation is in a unique situation right now because we had supply coming back. And obviously, as supply was coming back, there was a lot of work being done to restore the demand side of the business. And I don't think those were yet perfectly aligned. So, I do believe from a supply side, as we sit here today, the supply is adequate to support the business. Now, how long does it support the business? How long do some of these outbreaks last? I think that -- those are the uncertainties and the volatility that we talk about in this outlook. And so, as we do think about what we've built in to our outlook, we expect the turkey headwind across the enterprise to be about $0.10. And big part of that is it's a high volume business when we think about the whole turkey business. Again, you go from all-time high to dropping below a five-year average, and then, where does it go from here. And so, as we sit and -- as we sat and worked through it, that was our estimate in terms of the impact of the business. Now, I think the other part of this to remember is, our job is to continue to set this business up for success. And so, we continue to talk about right-sizing and optimizing this business' portfolio so that it does become more demand-driven, more value-added. Think about lean ground turkey, the work that we're doing on the Foodservice side of the business, work in the K-12 channel. So, I mean, all of that factors into our outlook as we're thinking about that in 2024.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's really helpful color. And just to follow up on the kind of three-year plan, and I guess two parts to it. So, apologies if I might have missed this, but did you quantify what the expected savings level is over the three years? And then, of the $250 million spend you called out, can you give a split of what would be CapEx versus operating?
Jim Snee: Yeah, so the last question, Michael, we'll probably have David follow up on the split for you. He can have those conversations. I do want to just take a step back here and just review the work that we've been doing and the path that we've been on and why this is so important to us. We go back to the One Supply Chain initiative back in 2018. That was more structural to provide consistency and one look across the entire enterprise. Now, we followed that up with Project Orion, which was to update, modernize our foundational ERP system across our support areas, HR, finance, and accounting. And we wanted to get to supply chain, which clearly we never got to because of COVID. And so, as now we're talking about this transformation and modernization, in a lot of ways, it's a continuation of really finishing the work that we've started. And so, the order-to-cash, end-to-end planning, those things were always in scope. But as we've progressed, what we've really been able to do is enhance the work that we want to do. And so, think, portfolio optimization is something that initially wasn't in scope for us. So that is an enhancement. And so, it is a continuation in some ways. It's an enhancement, and it's an acceleration. So, we've been doing a lot of this work and our goal now is to finish the job. And Jacinth, I guess, so any of the financial numbers that you want to add?
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah, no, certainly. Good morning. So, to add to what Jim has just stated here, we laid out a plan that gets us to $250 million over the three years in operating profit. And so, the way we are thinking about that, there is $200 million squarely focused on the supply chain component, which is around the plan, buy, make, move pieces of the workstreams that we're working through, and that will show up in a couple different places. Pieces may show up in our -- in COGS and other piece may definitely will show up through the -- and ultimately through the margin line, but really driving margin expansion for the business and getting us back to our margin profile and growth rate for the company. Then there is another $25 million of that, that is around the strategic value capture of the business. And then, more than $25 million or so is then the underlying core business that will grow over that period of time. So, all in all, over $25 million -- $250 million of expansion from an operating margin perspective. And it doesn't stop and we have that going out to 2026 is how we've messaged it. But what we should think about is that it doesn't just stop there, that the benefits will carry on beyond 2026.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Ben Bienvenu from Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Yeah, thanks very much. I want to ask about the International segment. You talked about the weakness being more pronounced in the first quarter and then that you expect it to get better after that. Just curious about your assumptions that go into your confidence level around that business improving beyond the first quarter.
Jim Snee: Yeah, thanks, Ben. There's a couple of things at play there that have us confident beyond Q1. The first thing is when we talk about some of the impact of the price elasticities on our branded business, we've done a lot of work to, again, pull the right levers to drive demand, and we've been able to have a positive impact. And so, we do believe that we'll see the branded export business pick up beyond Q1, and that'll carry us through the balance of the year. The second part is this improvement in our business in China. And so, it's early in 2024, but we are seeing some moderate improvement across Foodservice and Retail. But we're expecting that to accelerate as we move throughout the year. And then, the third thing really is there was a commodity impact to International this year. And so, as we continue to build demand on turkey and other pork items elsewhere, that's less that International will be exporting at lower margins. So, we will expect to see that improvement also as we progress throughout the year. So, really those three factors are what are leading to us to have that optimistic outlook beyond Q1.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, great. Thanks very much. My second question is related to FY '25. You carved out the -- and quantified the $0.08 of non-recurring costs in 2024. Would you expect to be back to GAAP guidance in FY '25?
Jacinth Smiley: Good morning. So, the short answer to that is no. So, over this period, we're executing the transformation and modernization, which we have, at the moment, [bookend] (ph) until 2026. We will be in a non-GAAP reporting methodology during that period of time, primarily to just really give good visibility to the underlying core performance of our business and so that there is no confusion there, and then to be able to bucketize the savings that's being driven by the transformation and modernization.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question come from the line of Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yeah. Good morning, Jim, Jacinth and Deanna. Thanks for taking my question. The first one is on Foodservice, actually, and just to understand how you can potentially further accelerate this business, given the strength you had throughout the year and again in the quarter. It's becoming a really important piece of the equation representing almost 50% of this year's profits. So, just wanted to understand what are like the opportunities you're seeing within Foodservice to really keep that growth momentum into 2024 as it helps offsetting some of the pressure on the Retail channels? That would be my first question.
Jim Snee: Yeah, great. Good morning, Ben. The biggest thing as we head into '24 for Foodservice, a lot of the industry indicators are really stable, and in some cases, improving. And so, we think that for us, obviously, allows us to continue to run our business the way we always have, because it's well-positioned and I know it's a bit repetitive. But when we talk about the portfolio that we've designed to solve for operator challenges and limited labor, I mean, that continues to be in our wheelhouse and in our sweet spot. But then, also, thinking about innovation, in our Investor Day, we've talked about the innovation that the team is working on and introducing to the marketplace, continuing to find different categories to make a difference for those operators. The other thing is we've talked about the value-added capacity that we have in key categories such as bacon, pizza toppings, and turkey. And then, this continued evolution of the work that they're doing in the C-Stores with the addition of Planters and a more retail-focused portfolio there. And all of that's complemented by leaning into a world-class culinary team, innovation team, and really this food-forward mentality, if you will. So again, when you think about all the different pieces that can impact Foodservice, it really does remain well-positioned for growth in fiscal year 2024.
Ben Theurer: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much, Jim. And then, a quick follow-up for Jacinth on the guidance. Can you give us or share us your expectations as it relates to, one, CapEx, and two, just corporate expense in fiscal '24? How we should think about these two items?
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah, good morning. So, from a CapEx perspective, CapEx will be in-line with prior year, and we're expecting it to be around the $280 million mark, with some critical projects, including growth for Planters, our transformation and modernization initiative that that we're undertaking would be some of the core tenants of the major projects that we'll undertake for 2024. And then...
Jim Snee: I would just interrupt there, Ben, I think we did talk about this in our Investor Day is that, we've got, as I just mentioned for Foodservice, available capacity. So, some of the CapEx investments that we've been making over the last several years, we won't have to make this year. And so, while the dollar amount remains the same, the mix of projects in there will be different.
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah. No, that's exactly right. And I think as we think about how we are spending those dollars, I know year-over-year -- and I've gotten the question before in terms of the expectation that we'll spend more, and to Jim's point, because we have made such an investment over the past few years, we do have that capacity. And now those assets that are currently working for us. From a corporate expense perspective, I mean, that will be a little bit -- that'll be increased definitely year-over-year. When we think about the labor agreement that we just entered into, we're continuing to invest as well in our people. So that will increase our SG&A. And then, from just overall benefits and compensation also takes us up year-over-year.
Jim Snee: And the work that we're going to do to support our brands, Ben, when we think about advertising and continuing to support the brands in the marketplace, that remains high, high priority for us.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our Q&A session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Jim Snee for final closing comments.
Jim Snee: Yes, thank you. And I want to thank all of you for joining us today. While 2023 didn't play out quite like we had planned, there were a lot of great accomplishments that will set this company up for future success. I remain confident we have the right strategy, brands, people, and culture to deliver growth well into the future. Again, thank you for joining us today, and I hope you all have a happy holiday season.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating, and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a lovely day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to David Dahlstrom. Please go ahead.
David Dahlstrom : Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal 2023. We released our results this morning before the market opened, around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Deanna Brady, Executive Vice President of the Retail segment. Jim will review the company's third quarter results and give a perspective on our outlook for the balance of fiscal year 2023. Jacinth will then provide detailed financial results and further commentary on our outlook. Deanna will join Jim and Jacinth for the Q&A portion of the call. The line will be open for questions following Jacinth's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to 1 question with 1 follow-up. If you have additional questions, you're welcome to get back into the queue. At the conclusion of this morning's call, a webcast replay will be posted to our investor website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started this morning, I need to reference the safe harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance. Non-GAAP figures adjust for the impact of an adverse arbitration ruling of approximately $70 million reflected in operating expense. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted selling, general and administrative expenses and adjusted diluted net earnings per share. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release, which can be accessed from our corporate or investor website.  I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee : Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. In an increasingly dynamic and competitive environment, we grew volume across all our segments, delivered adjusted diluted net earnings per share in line with last year and made further progress addressing the near-term challenges impacting the business during the quarter. This progress included reducing inventory, continuing to build momentum in the Planter snack nuts business and driving adjusted operating margin improvement compared to last year. Reducing inventory to more historical levels remains a top priority for the company. Our actions to rectify the inefficiencies caused by elevated inventory are working, demonstrated by a sequential reduction in dollars of both finished goods and total inventory. The value of finished goods inventory ended the quarter at its lowest level since the same time last year, representing meaningful improvement. We expect further declines in the fourth quarter and also plan to achieve our day sales and inventory target by the end of the year. We also drove improvement in our Planters business, supported by another quarter of higher shipments and positive results in consumption data. For the quarter, retail shipments of Planter snack nuts and Corn Nuts varieties were up 5% and 24%, respectively. Retail data shows dollar consumption and share improving sequentially for the last 52, 26 and 13-week periods. Volume trends remain encouraging as well with above category performance over the last 6 months. And more recent data shows Planters volume and dollar shares have inflected into positive territory. The launch of our innovative flavored cashews is meeting expectations, and we are seeing strong acceptance from our customers. While early, our flavored cashews are overindexing with younger consumers as we see the benefits of leveraging our brand equity to drive excitement for the category. We are supporting the launch with social and digital activities as well as a national TV ad campaign. And we recently launched an LTO for the fall season, Apple Cider Donut flavored cashews which we expect to drive incremental volume and attention for the category. Momentum continues to build in our snack nuts business as we benefit from regained distribution, investments in innovation and effective promotional support. We continue to do our part as the category leader to support the Planters and Corn Nuts brands to drive growth for our business, the snack nuts category and for our customers. Lastly, we continue to make progress in improving our margin structure with adjusted operating margin slightly ahead of last year. Margins benefited from demand for our premium items in Foodservice and growth from the retail SPAM and Black Label bacon portfolios, areas we have invested in heavily over the past 3 years.  We also more than overcame the positive mix impact from strong Skippy sales in turkey markets last year, as well as a 15% increase in advertising investments to support our brands during the third quarter. We expect our highest operating margins of the year in the fourth quarter aided by a seasonally strong sales mix and savings from a series of projects aimed at reducing costs and complexity throughout our system. Our third quarter results reflect the strength of our leading brands and the value of our balanced business model. Investments into our brands and continued improvement across our supply chain have generated positive performance in the marketplace. Volume growth for the quarter was broad-based, driven by a recovery in turkey, elevated demand for many of our Foodservice items, and growth from leading retail brands, including SPAM, Black Label, Planters and Hormel Pepperoni. On an adjusted basis, diluted net earnings per share for the quarter was $0.40, even to last year. Compared to our outlook heading into the quarter, we absorbed unexpected earnings headwinds of $0.02 to $0.03, resulting from much weaker results in our International segment and supply chain disruption caused by a third-party logistics provider shutdown. Looking to our segments, our Foodservice segment delivered balanced volume gains and another quarter of segment profit growth. Volume for the quarter increased, driven by growth in our affiliated businesses and strong demand in many branded categories, including pizza toppings, premium bacon and breakfast sausage and premium prepared proteins, brands such as Cafe H, Fire Braised, Fontanini, Old Smokehouse and Bacon 1 delivered volume gains compared to the prior year. Net sales declined 3% due to lower market-driven pricing. For context, the average selling price per pound decreased 5% compared to last year, resulting from input cost deflation. As anticipated, our Foodservice business leveraged its differentiated capabilities to drive double-digit segment profit growth, led by better volumes and improved mix. Our team continues to successfully manage pricing and cost dynamics. They continue to actively engage with operators through our direct selling model and they continue to innovate to address key operational issues such as labor, prep time and complexity. Industry data from Technomic is also supportive of growth for our business, with operator sentiment steady, industry employment improving and dollar sales increasing. Inflation in the channel has also slowed for the fourth consecutive month. We expect a strong finish to the year from this team, driven by growth from premium items, further recovery in turkey, and as the team leverages its capabilities in the K-12 and college and university channels this fall. In our Retail segment, we grew volume in key categories and saw a recovery across the turkey portfolio. For the quarter, we delivered volume growth in 4 of our 6 retail verticals. And those verticals were value-added meats, bacon, snacking and entertaining and emerging brands. Volume and net sales improved for the value-added meats vertical, primarily due to higher turkey volumes. The team is heavily focused on regaining distribution of our value-added Jennie-O products and managing turkey supply through the current recovery period and upcoming holiday season. The bacon vertical again delivered excellent results due to elevated demand for Black Label items and favorable input costs for most of the quarter. Over the last 52 weeks, Black Label bacon has grown share in household penetration by 1 point each. Our strategy to offer a wide variety of both raw and pre-cooked items in the marketplace has been successful, as we grow our business in the large and highly relevant bacon category. Our team is executing our brand strategy while maneuvering through the market volatility we are currently experiencing. Volume gains for the snacking and entertainment vertical were led by Planters snack nuts, Corn Nuts Corn Kernels, Hormel Pepperoni and Hormel Gatherings Party Trays. In addition to improvement for the Planters snack nuts business, our Pepperoni and Hormel Gatherings businesses are healthy, demonstrated by household penetration gains for these brands during the quarter. We expect holiday demand and promotional support to drive a strong end of the year for the Planters, Hormel Gatherings and Columbus brands. Our Applegate business posted another quarter of volume and net sales growth, led by our frozen line of breaded chicken and breakfast sausage. Many products also outpaced category dollar sales growth during the quarter, including breaded chicken, breakfast sausage, bacon and hotdogs. The team also introduced Applegate naturals for Frittata Bites, the industry's first and only certified humane frozen egg bites. In the fourth quarter, we expect to benefit from expanded distribution for the Applegate brand and from new capacity to support our popular line of frozen breakfast sausage. Net sales of global flavors items were comparable to last year, while pricing actions, operational gains and favorable input costs on avocados drove equity and earnings improvement for our MegaMex business. The Herdez brand remains relevant with consumers, outpacing category growth for dollar and volume sales in La Salsa, taco sauce, hot sauce, refrigerated guacamole and refrigerated salsa categories. Convenient meals and proteins net sales declined as higher sales to SPAM varieties and Hormel Chilli were more than offset by the difficult comparison from high levels of demand for Skippy spreads last year. We continue to gain distribution on both innovative and core items during the quarter, which helped alleviate some of this pressure. In the fourth quarter, we have numerous programs in place to engage consumers at the store level and online with reminders of the value offered by our products. These efforts are expected to help offset the impact of elasticities and as consumers utilize their pantry supplies. We also secured additional capacity for Skippy peanut butter which should help meet the elevated levels of demand we continue to see. Segment profit for the Retail segment declined due to unfavorable mix and increased brand investments partially offset by the impact from pricing actions across the portfolio, improved bacon volume and higher equity and earnings from MegaMex. Our Retail business is benefiting from market share gains innovation, new distribution, higher fill rates in key categories and effective advertising and brand support. However, there remains volume pressure in many categories across the store. Strong execution this fall and holiday season will be key to delivering our outlook. Our International segment remained challenged during the third quarter and the inflection we expected in this business did not materialize. Segment profit declined significantly due to unfavorable pork and turkey commodity markets, softness in China and lower branded export demand. Commodity fresh pork and turkey volumes were strong during the quarter, though depressed pricing led to weaker mix, especially on turkey items. The commodity environment is expected to remain unfavorable for the balance of the year due to high inventories of freezer stocks in key export markets. In China, Foodservice sales improved sequentially throughout the quarter, growing 14% compared to last year. However, retail sales remained soft as we lapped difficult comparisons to last year and as consumer demand in the retail channel slowed considerably. Near term, we expect our Foodservice business in China to grow, which should help to offset continued softness in the retail channel. Lower retail sales are anticipated to have a negative impact on China's profitability for the remainder of the year. As we've reiterated over the past few quarters, our strategy is to grow our global brands, multinational businesses in China and Brazil and partnerships around the world are sound. Our international team is confident that these situational dynamics will abate, allowing for our teams to resume delivering accelerated growth. Turning to our outlook. We remain focused on driving volume and earnings growth as well as delivering on our commitments to improve our business. The operating environment domestically and abroad continues to be dynamic and we anticipate consumers and operators to remain highly intentional in their spending. Our broad portfolio of products and diversified channel exposure position us well in this regard. As we close the year, we expect a strong finish from our Foodservice segment, incremental savings from a series of projects aimed at reducing cost and complexity throughout our system and further synergies from our implementation of Go Forward. Additionally, we expect continued softness in our International segment and earnings pressure from heightened competition at retail. We are assuming increased promotional activity this fall in the retail channel as consumer demand moderates to more historical levels and as industry-wide supply chains continue to improve. We also expect an impact from resumed student loan payments, which could pressure overall consumer spending in the U.S. Taking these factors and our performance to date into account, we are providing fourth quarter guidance and an updated outlook for fiscal 2023. For the fourth quarter, we expect modest volume growth, which assumes growth from the Foodservice segment, continued recovery in turkey and improved fill rates in key categories. Fourth quarter net sales are expected to be between $3.1 billion and $3.6 billion, reflecting our current assumptions for raw material input costs in the fourth quarter. Full year net sales are expected to be down 4% to flat. We expect fourth quarter diluted net earnings per share to be down from last year, which accounts for continued weakness in the International segment and lower retail segment results. Full year diluted net earnings per share are expected to be $1.51 to $1.57 and adjusted diluted net earnings per share are expected to be $1.61 to $1.67. We believe our continued investments into our brands, disciplined financial strategy and balanced approach across our businesses position us well for future growth as we close a challenging 2023. At our upcoming Investor Day, we plan to provide an update on our fourth quarter assumptions and outlook and further detail on how our investments and transformational efforts as a global branded food company are expected to drive earnings growth in the future. We look forward to hosting many of you in person at our mid-October event.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley to discuss detailed financial information related to the third quarter and additional color on key drivers to our outlook.
Jacinth Smiley : Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. During the third quarter, we delivered volume growth across all of our segments and net sales of $3 billion. Our businesses benefited from higher turkey supplies and continued improvement across our supply chain. Third quarter gross profit was $498 million. Gross margins for the third quarter increased compared to last year and improved 30 basis points sequentially compared to the second quarter. SG&A expenses increased compared to last year due to a $70 million accrual resulting from an unexpected unfavorable arbitration ruling. Adjusted SG&A expenses were in line with last year. Advertising investments were $43 million during the quarter, up 15% compared to last year, as we supported our leading brands in the marketplace. We expect full year advertising expenses to increase compared to the prior year. Equity and earnings of affiliates for the third quarter increased compared to last year due to higher results from MegaMex. Operating income for the third quarter was $217 million, and adjusted operating income was $287 million, 1% lower than last year. As Jim noted in his remarks, operating income was negatively impacted by supply chain disruption caused by third-party logistics provider shutdown. Our teams did an excellent job of diverting products through other distribution centers during this brief period, though we absorbed an impact from shortages, incremental logistics costs and elevated levels of distressed inventory. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 21.7% compared to 24.5% last year. The lower effective tax rate was primarily due to favorable adjustments related to our fiscal 2022 federal tax return filing. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 is still expected to be 21% to 23%. The net result of all these factors was diluted net earnings per share of $0.30 and adjusted diluted net earnings per share of $0.40, which was comparable to last year. We generated strong cash flow compared to last year. Operating cash flow during the quarter was $317 million, up 70%. This improvement was driven by favorable working capital adjustments. We paid our 380th consecutive quarterly dividend effective August 15 at an annual rate of $1.10 per share. This completes the 95th year of uninterrupted dividend payments to our shareholders. Capital expenditures in the third quarter were $78 million compared to $61 million last year. We're targeting $280 million in capital projects as we prioritize investments in growth, innovation, cost savings, automation and maintenance. We have updated our net sales and diluted net earnings per share outlook for the year. As a reminder, our diluted net earnings per share outlook reflects an adverse arbitration ruling of $0.10 per share. We said last quarter that growth in the back half would be partially dependent on the recovery in our International segment. While this dynamic has not played out as anticipated, the near-term drivers for our business continue to be successful execution against our plans for the Planter snack nuts business; improvement across the supply chain, including delivering on our internal cost reduction goals, year-over-year favorability in commodity and freight markets, and a recovery in turkey volumes. In addition to the innovation, promotional and advertising support for the Planters business that are expected to positively impact the fourth quarter, we have several work streams underway to drive further improvement in future periods. These work streams encompass all aspects of the value chain and place a heavy emphasis on enhancing mix and expanding margins. The Planters business remains key to our long-term growth as a company and we will continue to invest in and resource the business accordingly. Performance across our supply chain continues to improve, demonstrated by another quarter of higher fill rates, progress on our commitment to lower inventory and execution on our cost reduction targets. Our team has committed to several projects aimed at reducing cost and complexity to improve our margin structure. In the fourth quarter, we expect to realize incremental freight and indirect supply savings and benefits from our above historical run rate on our legacy cost mitigation efforts. Longer term, we are committed to advancing the supply chain work stream of Project Orion and a series of multi-year projects aimed at unlocking earnings growth. We plan to provide more detail on these large-scale strategic projects at our Investor Day in October. We have seen market stabilization across many inputs, though key pork raw material commodity markets were volatile throughout the third quarter. The USDA composite cutout increased more than 40% sequentially during the quarter, primarily driven by strength in the belly, loin and ham primal. To start the fourth quarter, pork costs have begun to moderate seasonally. And we expect lower pork input costs compared to the prior year. We began to see a volume recovery in turkey during the third quarter, and we expect to see higher year-over-year turkey volumes in the fourth quarter. To further support our recovery, we have invested in incremental advertising to drive consumer awareness and engagement in the retail channel. We're beginning to see signs of these actions paying off, especially for the important lean ground category. Turkey market continued to move lower in the third quarter as a result of increased supply which is pressuring prices across our channels. Pricing is down considerably on commodity items and for breast meat entering the Foodservice and Deli channels. Importantly, we're producing a full assortment of turkey items, and our teams are selling with confidence in the retail food service and international markets. This bodes well for the long-term outlook for turkey, which remains an important part of our balanced portfolio. In closing, I want to specifically acknowledge our production professionals across the organization for their continued focus on safety. Their dedication is critical to the success of our company and the primary reason we remain on track for one of our safest years ever. Safety first is a cultural belief, it's non-negotiable and represents an integral part of our company's fabric. We are proud of our track record and the work done each day to maintain our standard of excellence. Thank you to all our team members who uphold our safety-first culture.  At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays.
Ben Theurer : Yes. So Jim, I'd like to just follow up a little bit on the cadence of the year, the changes in outlook and wanted to get your thoughts how to put things into perspective. So if we go back first quarter, obviously, there was a lot of like the inventory issues, too much production, you had to work this through. You took a big hit and you kind of laid the ground as how the rest of the year expected to be, second quarter, very much in line with everything that you've talked about. And it feels like the third quarter started to kind of get sidetracked again. And obviously, with your implied guidance, and you've mentioned you expect EPS in the fourth quarter to be down year-over-year, that's very different from the commentary we got just about 3 months ago when you actually expected in the fourth quarter to see most of growth. So can you help us understand what in particular it was that drove that significant turn over the last couple of weeks from being on track to being maybe not so much on drag and then to actually be off track again. And what you, as a management team can do to get back into the right direction.
Jim Snee: Yes. Ben, it's a really, really good question. So we've done, obviously, a lot of thinking about that and there are some things that are uniquely different and the conversation that we had at the end of Q1 and the conversation we're having today. If we take a step back, to the Q1 call, really what we were talking about were more internal dynamics, when we talked about and identified those near-term challenges in Q1. And as a reminder, as you said, it was our inventory situation, the performance of Planters and then the cost margin implications and work that we had to do there. And you fast forward 6 months from that time frame and really, really good progress against all of those near-term challenges. And we feel really good about the work that the team has done. But as we sit here today, the conversation is different, and the conversation is driven more by what's happening in markets, some of the competitive activity and really overall consumer dynamics. And so those are very uniquely different conversations. More specifically, as we've thought about the fourth quarter, and I think it's important to get that out there, what has changed for us. Well, our Foodservice business hasn't changed. We expect that business to remain well positioned, continue to deliver growth, continued segment profit growth in Q4 on higher volumes. Our International business, I think what's changed there is that it is weaker than we anticipated the last time that we talked. We had talked about an inflection point in China. And we haven't seen that, especially on our retail business. We've talked about some elasticities in our international SPAM business, primarily in the Philippines. That's a sizable legacy market, and we've seen significant pricing activity over the last several years. But with that came some higher-than-expected elasticities. The team has already done some work to really drive consumer demand. We're seeing a rebound in offtake and so there is a really good plan in place for recovery there. We've also talked about some of the commodity headwinds at International -- and so what we anticipated there is weaker than we thought. And just in total, how do you overcome that? I mentioned the work that we're doing on SPAM. The China piece, the macroeconomic issues, there's a lot of moving pieces there. And so we're continuing to work on retail with innovation, new distribution, but we need to see that accelerate. Our Foodservice business continues to do well. We're aligned with some multinational business there that continues to perform. And then when you get to the Retail segment, I mean, that's the part of the business, Ben, that's a bit more nuanced. And it's good to have this conversation because as a reminder, in Q4 of 2022, we had a really strong turkey performance in the fourth quarter of 2022. And a lot of that benefit was allocated to retail in our restated financials. That expected to be able to overcome that. And that's how we looked at the business for the balance of the year. However, we're seeing some heightened challenges across the channel. I think we can see what categories have done in general, promotions are higher as volumes remain soft across a lot of the categories, a lot of the aisles. Our team continues to do work. We're holding our shares in the marketplace. The execution at the sales level is actually really, really good. But we know that, that's going to continue to be an area that's challenged. The area where we've seen the most change really is our expectations for turkey. And as we said last quarter, we didn't expect this to be a flip to switch event and that it was going to take some time. We did expect it to happen faster. It's been a little slower than we expected. And so that's really where probably the biggest change has occurred for us. And I do want to say, though, if we take the turkey out of our volume figures, there's still really good underlying volume growth on a consolidated basis. But what changed is our lean ground turkey business. We've talked about really just getting back into business. We knew that we had to sacrifice a lot of distribution during AI, and it didn't come back as quickly as we thought. Now what I will tell you is some of our recent results are really showing the benefits of investments that we've made to drive consumer engagement. So we are seeing improvement. Lots of work to do, but lots of opportunity for growth. And then the other part for us is we did expect a really strong finish to the year on our whole turkey business. And started out strong, but most recently, we've seen some unique market dynamics and customer behavior that's really impacting both volume and pricing. Now that's a work in progress. We're still working through this as we speak. And then the last part that's newer news is we've had some really, really hot weather here in the Midwest, at the end -- middle to end of August and expected again this weekend. So we have unfortunately lost some birds that will have an impact on our business in the fourth quarter. And so I know it's a long-winded answer, but I think it's necessary to really put into context what's changed for us. But as we look past all of that, when you say what can you do to overcome that or change that? I mentioned the work that we're doing and the performance of our brands to hold shares in the marketplace. Our Planters business is definitely going in the right direction, regaining distribution, some fantastic innovation that's in the marketplace, really capitalizing on investments that we've made, being able to secure some additional Skippy capacity because that demand remains really strong. Continued benefit from our supply chain as our fill rates continue to improve. So there's a lot to be encouraged about. But your question is a good one. And hopefully, that gives you some better context as to the differences in our business but also the differences in the conversations that we've had.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America.
Peter Galbo : Jim, thanks for all the thoughts. I guess just maybe a follow-up to Ben's question or to put a finer point on it, one of the big questions we are getting this morning is just within the range of outcomes in 4Q in your guidance, it still seems like there is a fairly wide range, a $500 million range on revenues at least. So just, I guess, within the context of that, you talked about all of the headwinds, but I guess what could go right that would push you maybe towards the higher end of that versus the lower end of that I think might be helpful.
Jim Snee: Yes, it's a great question. And really, the biggest thing, and we've seen it very recently in terms of the market performance is we've had significant volatility in 2 very important inputs. You think about what's happened in the belly market, the run-up and now the softening of the market. We have seen strength in 72 lean trim. So there's been a lot of volatility there. And then probably the detailed answer that I gave a little while ago is how does turkey come back and at what rate. And then the other thing is you got the market conditions, but we've had pretty strong volume as well. So I think when you put those 2 things together, it's important for us just to have that range.
Peter Galbo : Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And you touched on this a little bit, Jim, but I think in the context of bellies and this may have been in the prepared remarks as well, give us a sense, something maybe in real time there. The July move was outsized even relative to seasonality. You played a role in that. But just -- you saw that run up a decent amount. It's come back a bit. Just what are you seeing in real time given that it does impact a meaningful part of the business?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, I guess what we're seeing in real time is what you're seeing in the marketplace and that it does have an impact in terms of how we are pricing the product. And as you know, as markets run up, you're always lagging a little bit further behind. And then as markets come down, you're catching up that way, too, but you probably see a little bit of expansion. And so the volatility is the thing that really as you know, leads to the unpredictability in what we're talking about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens.
Ben Bienvenu : I want to -- if you would discuss these drivers that are negatively impacting 4Q results that have kind of evidenced themselves intra-quarter during the third quarter, what is your view at the moment on the duration of these impacts. So thinking about more challenged exports, increased promotional activity at retail and then weaker China results would -- I would think that those would have more duration in the fourth quarter, but how would you expect these things to play out based on what you've seen in the past?
Jim Snee: Yes. Ben, that's a good question. And that's really what we're focused on is we know we've got some of these near-term challenges in Q4. A couple of things that we talked about that are really, we think, immediate or more closer in improvement, so when we talk about the SPAM business in International, we're seeing that improved offtake. And so we expect that business to be better in Q1. We talked about the lean ground turkey business. And so that really is just that continued acceleration. And we've seen recent improvement in that business. So that's only going to continue to get better. We're in the middle of the whole bird thing and that will shake out here between the end of Q4 and early Q1 given the timing of the holidays. The competitive dynamics in the domestic retail business outside of what we've talked about, I think our team is doing a really good job in terms of marketplace execution. We are now seeing some cost favorability trends. I think our innovation pipeline that we're seeing is really robust. So there is a lot to like outside of some of the things that we've talked about. The part that is still a wildcard is the macro issues in China. Obviously, we've said earlier, we thought there'd be an inflection point, and we were wrong. So we're going to continue to do our work there in terms of driving distribution, the focus on innovation, getting our Foodservice business to continue to grow. And so we are optimistic about what the future holds. But clearly, we've got some of the short-term challenges that we're addressing.
Ben Bienvenu : Okay. Fair enough. On thinking about the Jennie-O business, there's a number of puts and takes. The International business segment seems to be negatively impacted by it, while some of the other segments are positively impacted by it. When you think about the runway over the next 6 to 12 months, we have declining turkey prices, but meaningfully stronger volumes as you regain distribution and the flock comes back, your production comes back. You should also be rotating into considerably lower feed prices over the next year. So what would you expect the net benefit or detriment of all of those various factors to be as we look out over the duration of this next 6 to 12 months?
Jim Snee: Yes. I think your -- the things that you're talking about are the things that are going to drive that business into 2024. And again, when we talk about the nuances of the turkey business. And this is going to get it a little bit in the weeds here, Ben. But when we think about how maybe our lean ground business didn't accelerate as quickly as we thought, while there was some turkey that international had to sell, and those market conditions were depressed. And so as our lean ground business regains distribution and accelerates, there'll be less of that commodity type sale that they'll have to endure. And so that's a positive for us. You're right on the feed costs. I mean, we expect that to be favorable as we head into 2024 and breast meat prices should be more in line with more historical levels. So we haven't done the math yet to say how is that going to shake out in total but I think the bottom line, and we said this a couple of times throughout the year, is that turkey is an important part of this portfolio. When we think about it from a Foodservice perspective and we have it in our Retail portfolio. It's good to have turkey back. And for us to be able to operate in a more normalized environment over time, I mean, that's really where we're at our best, and that's what we want to get to.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh : I know it's a little early, but just curious if you can give any puts and takes as you guys look to FY '24. And would you expect at this point to return to growth next year?
Jim Snee: Rupesh, I think we'll probably tag team this one a bit because I think as we look into '24, it applies to -- everyone's going to have a point of view. I do think it's important to go back to some of those internal dynamics that we addressed early on in the year and that we are in a better spot on those near-term challenges or we'll call them key priorities. When we think about the state of the Planters business today, the work that we've done on inventory, the margin improvement that we've seen. And there's more work to come in that area, but we've done some really nice work and then really leveraging more of the Go Forward benefits in year 2, right? Year 1 is always feeling things out a bit, but we know that there will be more benefit in year 2. But Ben mentioned feed costs. We do expect feed costs to be a tailwind as we head into 2024, further leveraging and capitalizing on those investments that we've made and then we've also talked about the recovery in volume -- turkey volume. And so having that volume at more normalized market conditions is a good thing. The offsets, obviously, we talked about China, the China economy, what happens there? What does inflation do with labor is a big component of that. So we feel really good about the core business, the things that we can control. It's the things that are always out there that are outside your control that can be some potential headwinds. But by and large, continued strength in Food service. Retail continue to be competitive, but we expect to hold shares in our categories, I've mentioned already, strong innovation pipeline that's really exciting. And then International should improve offtake, I mean, obviously, a significantly lower base. And so Jacinth, I'll let you add your two cents word.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes, certainly. Rupesh, Jim has talked about a lot of the headwinds and some of the tailwinds here and things that we're working through from a market and customer consumer standpoint, there are a lot of other things we're also doing in parallel here as we think about getting back to the margin structure that we have talked about before. And so we're heavily focused from a project standpoint, working through how do we get our portfolio more healthy. And so there are a couple of projects I'll just throw out here that we'll talk more about in Investor Day as we think about portfolio segmentation and optimization, continuing on with Project Orion as we think about our supply chain and the effectiveness there and building out the right infrastructure to support this business as we continue to evolve and modernize and just also thinking through advancing on different areas from an end-to-end planning standpoint and continuing the transformation and getting the cost out of our system internally from an effectiveness and efficiency standpoint. So there is a lot of work going on in parallel as we deal with the tactical to operate the business. We're also thinking about long-term growth and setting this business up as I said, to continue to return to a margin structure and expanding margins from where we are today.
Deanna Brady: Rupesh, this is Deanna. I just wanted to tag team on that from a supply chain standpoint, but from a retail standpoint, we've been not only managing to the current environment, but continue to stay focused on standing up Go Forward and what that looks like and really starting to see the benefit. As you think about -- Go Forward was to align our structure to our strategy. And if we think of one of our company strategies of snacking and entertaining, the team has been really a cross-functional team dedicated to modernizing the Planters business as an example. The team has made significant progress, and we're seeing that play out. A few things that we've done as we pull our resources around Planters in particular, we've pulled up our innovation pipeline. We're currently in market with 3 new flavors of cashews. We've quickly come to market with advertising to support that new launch, help to surrender to the cashew, and we're having great response pulls from our retailers and our consumers. Additionally, the team has looked at capital expenses and modernizations that we need in the plant to align with the consumer and packaging as well as a really robust innovation pipeline that's coming at us. And then from a sales execution against Planters, again, as a benefit of Go Forward, thinking about hard about regaining distribution, we did a price pack architecture study in the first half of the year, and the team is out working with our retailers to help them think about the category itself and the set and that price pack architecture work is helping us have really fruitful, insightful and analytical conversations with our retailers about how we grow together and how we can both meet the consumer with products that are going to be relevant and provide category growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Palmer from JP Morgan.
Tom Palmer : I think in the past, what we have seen with the whole turkey business is falling commodity prices don't always flow through the retail business immediately just given how supply contracts are structured. You made a comment about unique market dynamics and customer behavior for whole birds. I just wanted to unpack what's happening. Is the net of this that whole bird prices are coming down at retail may be faster than we typically see? Or did you mean something else by that?
Jim Snee: No, that's correct, Tom. I mean I think at this point in the year, you'd see some higher bookings but as the market has declined, I think there is a bit more of a wait-and-see mentality and so that's really what we're talking about when we're saying that there's some unique market dynamics.
Tom Palmer : And then just on the competitive environment at retail and your comment about the promotional activity, just categories stepping up. Are these – I guess, first, like what are the categories where you’re seeing that competition and promotional activity most intense? And then how would you describe kind of the start of that activity? Is it you’re running it to drive share in certain categories? Or is the promotion step up on your side more in response to what you’re seeing from competitors?
Deanna Brady: Tom, this is Deanna. Thanks for the question. This isn’t new for us, although it’s new probably over the last couple of years as companies have pulled back on promotions just because of supply and high demand. So this isn’t new for us. And having promotional activity as well as a balance with our baseline business is really normal, but it hasn’t been normal in the last few years. So as we re-enter promotional activity, we have the opportunity to really think about it strategically and to leverage our revenue growth management team and price pack architecture work to really inform and sit down with the retailers to say, how do we do this, that’s really positive for both of us. And how do we ensure that we’re meeting the consumer and that we’re reminding the consumer about our products the value that they provide as well as keep them coming in the store, either in-store or online. And so we’re thinking about both our digital activation, our in-store activation. And it really goes beyond just a promotion or price point. We need to make sure that we have advertising in place as well. We need to make sure that we have innovation. So I point again to the Planters example where we have innovation, coupled with advertising and promotion in place and it’s working. From other categories, we’re really, again, as we re-enter promotional, trying to do it as smart as we can, I point to bacon. We’ve had a lot of good activity and growth in bacon this past year. We’ve had a cadence of promotional activity at bacon, advertising, as well as we’ve got innovation coming in the bacon category that we’re really excited about in 2024.
Jim Snee: And Tom, at an even higher level, Deanna gave you a great answer. When we said heightened competition at retail, I think it’s fair to say that we are seeing demand normalizing to some more historical levels. Edible sales flat versus last year. Units have declined since 2019. And so as you’ve got that and supply chains have somewhat normalized, that I’m not going to say everywhere there’s capacity, but there’s probably some additional capacity in the industry and fill rates get better, there’s work to make sure that you’re filling that up. So it’s that at a higher level. And then to some of the specific activities that we’re working on that Deanna talked about, that’s really what we meant when we say heightened competition at retail.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson : I guess the first question is trying to maybe clarify on tying the turkey comments, specifically. I think previously, I know Jennie-O is on a reported segment as such any more of a previously playing turkey profitability in fiscal '23 as being roughly flat year-on-year. Is it fair to say that, that's a decent chunk of the outlook cut today is attributable to turkey, and so that is going to be down a decent amount year-on-year even with the volume recovery from HPAI.
Jim Snee: Yes. I think that's fair to say, Adam, is to be slightly down year-over-year. That's really due to some of these Q4 issues that we've talked about.
Adam Samuelson : Okay. And I guess just to the Q4 point, I mean, the full year range, you've got 1 quarter left. The sales range widened relative to your prior guidance, you have the EPS range narrowed. And I appreciate that maybe there was a pretty wide EPS range previously. But can you just help us understand kind of the puts and takes around, is it just the uncertainty on some of the commodity pork cuts and some of the turkey [Holberg] pricing. We've got much uncertainty on volume. And why wouldn't that revenue volatility kind of manifest in a wider EPS range out of the outlook has been recalibrated.
Jacinth Smiley: So Adam, I'd say for all the reasons that Jim talked about in terms of just the dynamic that we're seeing here and just the volatility, that is exactly why we have the ranges that we have as we sit here at the moment.
Adam Samuelson : Okay. But that's certainly on revenue, but why would that change in revenue not fall to the earnings line? And why would it fall -- why would there be more volatility previously on the range of outcomes on earnings and less on revenue today. Just with 1 quarter left in the year. I'm just -- maybe it's a recalibration --
Jacinth Smiley: All mix, right, all mix driven. You think about the mix between even from a commodity standpoint and where markets are priced, it really depends on what that mix looks like? I mean you could have it a drag on the top line where you have really strong volume hitting your top line and just depending on where markets are, doesn't necessarily fall through on your margin line.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Jim Snee, CEO, for closing remarks.
Jim Snee : Yes. Thank you. 2023 has certainly been a challenging year, but we continue to make great progress to addressing the near-term challenges. Our continued investment into our brands, our disciplined financial strategy, our continued balanced approach across our business all position us very well for future growth. My sincere thanks to all the hard work being done by the Hormel team to set us up for future success. And I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and hope that you all have a safe Labor Day weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for joining, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-06-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Dahlstrom, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Dahlstrom: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2023. We released our results this morning before the market opened, around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Deanna Brady, Executive Vice President of the Retail segment.  Jim will review the company's second quarter results and give a perspective on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2023. Jacinth will provide detailed financial results and further commentary on our outlook and Deanna will join Jim and Jacinth for the Q&A portion of the call. The line will be open for questions following Jacinth's remarks. As a courtesy to other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. At the conclusion of this morning's call, a webcast replay will be posted to our investor website and archived for 1 year.  Before we get started, I need to reference the safe harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
James Snee: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. We had clear priorities heading into the second quarter, and our results demonstrate our team's ability to execute on those commitments, deliver results in line with our expectations for the quarter and most importantly, keep us on track to drive growth in the back half of the year. Before I dive deeper into our quarterly results and reaffirmed outlook for the year, I want to start this morning by providing an update on the progress we have made addressing inventory levels, improving our margin structure, stabilizing the Planters business and continuing the implementation of our Go Forward operating model.  First, I'd like to discuss the progress we made rectifying the inefficiencies caused by elevated inventory levels. This was a top priority in the company during the second quarter, and we took immediate actions to sell excess nonproductive inventories to slow manufacturing in areas where supply was exceeding demand to bring back outside production into our facilities, allowing us to better utilize new and available internal capacity, and we implemented several changes to our demand and supply planning processes. As anticipated, these actions had a margin impact during the quarter, but were necessary to bring inventory levels into greater balance.  For the back half of the year, we have further plans in place to responsibly manage and lower inventory levels and all costs associated with these actions are accounted for in the outlook. As a result, we expect to begin fiscal 2024 with benefits from better process control, lower freight and warehousing expenses, lower distressed sales and higher investment income resulting from an improvement in our cash cycle.  Second, we continue to make progress improving our margin structure as evidenced by a sequential increase in operating margins during the quarter, even with our actions to reduce elevated inventory levels. In addition to managing costs and driving supply chain savings through continuous improvement programs, our inflation-justified pricing actions are leading to gradual margin improvement. We have announced targeted pricing actions effective at the end of the third quarter on additional retail items and are evaluating further pricing actions accordingly.  Another way we are actively improving our margin structure is by optimizing promotional and advertising spend. We demonstrated that discipline this quarter by responsibly shifting some advertising spend to promotions, working with our retail partners to drive the best returns for our leading brands and growing the categories in which they compete. We are still expecting a year-over-year increase in advertising spend to support our leading brands. Specific to the second half of the year, our teams are focused on several projects aimed at reducing cost and complexity to further improve our margin structure, and we expect to see a return from some of these projects by the fourth quarter.  Third, we took action to improve the Planters business. During the second quarter, we regained significant distribution and placements for the Planters brand, which started shipping at the end of the second quarter. We introduced much-needed innovation to the category with flavored cashews and new corn nuts varieties. And we shifted promotional resources to drive consumption for the Planters brand. The brand saw shipments increase 8% for the quarter, aided in part by the strong promotional execution. While early, data for the latest 13-week period on a volume basis indicates that the Planters brand is outpacing the packaged nuts and seeds category and is showing positive takeaway growth for peanuts and cashews.  This summer, we are also running a national campaign for our new flavored cashews to maintain momentum for this business. Our progress during the second quarter represents a positive proof point in the turnaround for Planters. Planters remains at the center of our snacking and entertaining strategy and we are fully committed to the Planters brand, Corn Nuts brand and the Snack Nuts category. We know what we need to do to change the trajectory of the business and our teams are focused on accelerating the pace of change.  Finally, we made further progress implementing the Go Forward operating model and standing up our brand fuel center of excellence. With the structure now mostly in place, we can better resource other long-term projects including advancing the supply chain work stream of Project Orion. We temporarily scaled back some work streams as we prioritize the integration of the Planter Snack Nuts business, our transformational actions at Jennie-O Turkey Store and the implementation of Go Forward. The supply chain work stream represents some of the most important and highest-return deliverables on the entire Project Orion roadmap. We have also kicked off a series of multiyear projects such as a modernization of our order-to-cash system, improvements to the end-to-end planning processes and a pilot project to implement new ways of working across the manufacturing network. We plan to provide more detail on these large-scale and strategic projects as well as our continued evolution as a global branded food company at our Investor Day in October.  Results for the second quarter were in line with our expectations. From a topline perspective, sales declined 4% on a volume reduction of 6%. Volume declines were largely attributed to impacts across the turkey supply chain due to highly pathogenic avian influenza or HPAI in our supply chain last fall. In addition to the large headwind from turkey, net sales were negatively affected by significant pork deflation during the quarter. This had the most profound effect on the retail bacon and foodservice value-added portfolios.  Diluted net earnings per share for the quarter was $0.40. Earnings' headwinds were understood heading into the quarter and included strategic investments to stabilize the Planters business, margin impact related to our actions to address inventory levels, challenging operating conditions in China, lower turkey sales, higher feed and pension costs and a higher tax rate. Turning to the segments. Strong bottom-line growth from the foodservice segment during the quarter and the benefit from cost relief in certain areas was offset by lower results from the Retail and International segments.  Again, this quarter, we leveraged our long-standing relationships, differentiated product portfolio and direct sales team to drive growth for our foodservice business. Volume and net sales growth in the sliced meats, pizza toppings and premium breakfast sausage categories was more than offset by the impact of lower turkey volumes and lower net pricing, reflecting raw material commodity deflation. Our foodservice business remains extremely well positioned. We have available capacity to regain business lost over the last 3 years due to constrained supply, especially in key categories such as bacon and pizza toppings.  We will also continue to lean into our world-class culinary team, innovative items and Food Forward mentality, all which further differentiate our business from the competition. At retail, we benefited from pricing actions and the strength of our leading brands, helping to partially offset the impact of unfavorable mix and higher operating costs. During the quarter, net sales growth from the global flavors vertical was more than offset by lower net sales across the other retail verticals. Like the foodservice segment, the impact of lower turkey volumes and lower bacon pricing were the primary drivers of lower topline results as elasticities played out better than expected in most categories.  The MegaMex business housed in our global flavors vertical had another strong quarter. Net sales growth was led by the Wholly, La Victoria and Herdez brands. The pricing actions we have taken across this business to combat inflationary pressures, coupled with commodity relief on avocado inputs are leading to significant year-over-year gains in equity and earnings. Elasticities on this portfolio remain favorable and we expect to benefit from continued distribution gains from our innovation pipeline, including Herdez brand and Guacamole and refrigerated sauces. The bacon vertical also delivered another quarter of outstanding results due to strong demand for Black Label items and lower belly prices.  Black Label raw bacon takeaway for the quarter exceeded 20% in volume sales. We are executing extremely well in the bacon category and anticipate continued growth in market share and household penetration, while benefiting from cost favorability. The convenient meals and protein verticals saw sales growth from many of its branded products, including chili, SKIPPY Peanut Butter, Square Table, refrigerated entrees, Dinty Moore Stew and Mary Kitchen hash.  Overall net sales for the vertical declined due to lower contract manufacturing results as we prioritize higher-margin branded businesses. The convenient meals and proteins business has secured additional customer distribution for the back half of the year. And our categories, brands and household penetration growth trends remain favorable. Net sales declined for the snacking and entertaining vertical, primarily due to strong promotional activity for the Columbus brand last year. Planters branded volume increased 8% for the quarter while the Hormel pepperoni and Hormel Gatherings brands grew net sales double digits compared to the previous year.  As noted earlier, we expect to continue to benefit from favorable customer resets for the Planters business and from distribution gains on our pepperoni items in the back half of the year. In the emerging brands vertical, Applegate drove growth for its frozen breaded chicken and breakfast sausage items. And the Applegate business continued to diversify its channel exposure, which is key to its long-term growth. Distribution gains in the mass channel and the strength of its e-commerce business are helping offset some weaknesses in the natural and organic channel.  The final vertical, value-added meats was most heavily affected by lower turkey availability, leading to volume and net sales declines. We expect a strong finish to the year from this vertical due to higher Jennie-O Turkey volumes and positive trends in the deli.  The retail environment remains extremely competitive and the benefits we've seen from Go Forward to better focus and resource our teams position us well to deliver our plans in the second half of the year. While the International segment remained challenged, the team drove excellent growth for the SKIPPY and Planters brands as well as another quarter of growth from the team in Brazil. Segment profit declined significantly due to lower sales in China and lower turkey export sales. In China, foodservice sales improved sequentially throughout the quarter, helping offset the difficult comparison to retail pantry loading and sales to food security programs last year.  Though we have seen an acceleration in our foodservice business, a recovery in our retail business following the COVID-related policy changes earlier in the year has been slower than anticipated. The team in China has aggressive plans in place to drive improved results in the back half of the year. Limited commodity turkey supplies and restrictions on turkey exports continued to affect results as export turkey volumes declined 50% compared to last year. With the rebound in turkey supplies, we expect this headwind to lessen in magnitude in the back half of the year. The second quarter also marked the first full quarter of minority ownership in Garudafood, one of the largest food and beverage companies in Indonesia.  Garudafood delivered returns in line with expectations during the quarter, and we look forward to further leveraging the strengths and capabilities of both companies to expand the business in Indonesia and Southeast Asia. International business is structurally sound and increasingly balanced. We are confident that the near-term dynamics will gradually abate, allowing our teams to resume delivering accelerated growth. We expect sequential improvement in the back half of the year on contributions from our branded exports, multinational businesses and partnerships around the world.  Finally, it's important to note that we are experiencing a direct benefit from our multi-year efforts to align resources to value-added platforms and reduce exposure to commodity businesses. Since 2017, we have made many decisions to align our pork supply chain to the long-term trends of the industry, guarantee supply for our value-added businesses and reduce the earnings' volatility from commodity exposure.  In this difficult commodity environment, we have benefited as a net buyer of trim and bellies. So we have absorbed significant losses on our harvest operations like others in the industry. We will continue to monitor long-term industry trends and where necessary, make adjustments that are supportive of our value-added growth strategies and our long-standing partnerships throughout the supply chain. Shifting to our outlook. We expect sales and earnings' growth in the back half of the year. Growth from the foodservice segment and an inflection in the International segment are expected to be the primary drivers of year-over-year gains.  All the businesses are expected to benefit from a rebound in turkey volumes and improved fill rates in key categories such as bacon, pepperoni, snack nuts, and for our SPAM family of products. Coupled with the progress we have made on Go Forward, including standing up brand fuel, restructuring our sales teams and resourcing the marketing teams to better support our leading brands, we remain confident in our growth outlook as we continue to meet the needs of our customers, consumers and operators. On a related front, we have made significant commitments and investments to ready the business to serve our customers in California.  As of January 2022, we have been Prop 12 compliant on a portion of our pork supply, absorbing the cost of compliance in our operations since that time. As we begin serving the important California market under new regulations later this month, we expect to begin recovering the cost from these investments. Considering these factors, we are reaffirming our full year net sales and diluted net earnings per share guidance ranges. We expect net sales growth of 1% to 3% and diluted net earnings per share of $1.70 to $1.82.  We are encouraged by the progress we have made and our team's sense of urgency to address the near-term challenges impacting the business. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley to discuss detailed financial information related to the second quarter and additional color on key drivers to our outlook.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Net sales for the second quarter were $3 billion. In the second half, the negative topline headwinds from our new pork supply agreement and the beginning of HPAI last year will have fully annualized. We expect a strong volume rebound in our turkey business in the back half of the year.  Second quarter gross profit was $491 million. The benefit from pricing actions was more than offset by unfavorable mix and higher expenses. For the second quarter, SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased to 7.1% from 7.3%. Through the first half of the year, SG&A as a percentage of net sales is in line with last year, demonstrating our disciplined cost management.  Advertising investments were $35 million during the quarter as we continued to support our leading brands in the marketplace. We expect full year advertising expenses to increase compared to the prior year. Equity and earnings of affiliates from the second quarter increased significantly compared to last year due to improved results from MegaMex. Operating income for the second quarter was $296 million. Operating margins of 9.9% improved from 9.7% in the first quarter. Net unallocated expenses in the second quarter increased 6% due to higher pension costs, which were partially offset by improved rabbi trust investment results.  The effective tax rate for the quarter moved higher to 22.1% compared to 18.7% last year. As anticipated, we did not repeat last year's favorable rate, which reflected higher stock option exercises. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 is still expected to be 21% to 23%. The net result of all these factors was diluted net earnings per share of $0.40. Turning to cash flows and capital allocation. Our financial position remains an area of strength, allowing us to satisfy our required strategic and opportunistic uses of cash. Operating cash flow was $208 million for the second quarter compared to $193 million last year, an 8% increase.  We paid our 379th consecutive quarterly dividend effective May 15 at an annual rate of $1.10 per share, a 6% increase over last year. We also announced our August dividend payment earlier last week, which will represent 95 years of uninterrupted dividend payments to our shareholders. We are now targeting $280 million in capital projects, which is in line with our historical investment in CapEx. We continue to prioritize investments in capacity for growth, innovation, cost savings, automation and maintenance. Our current net leverage ratio remains within our stated goal of 1.5 to 2x. As a reminder, our next debt payment is due June of 2024.  In April, we made an additional $15 million investment in Garudafood, bringing our minority ownership from approximately 29% to 30%. As noted last quarter, we do not expect the investment in Garudafood to have a material financial impact on fiscal 2023 results. Finished products inventory increased 1% compared to the first quarter as our actions to mitigate the impacts from higher inventory levels were offset by inventory build for SPAM promotions later this summer and as we restore SKIPPY inventories to healthy levels. As we responsibly work through higher inventory levels over the balance of the year, we expect a reduction in nonproductive inventory levels for days sales and inventory to return to a normalized range below 60 days.  Lastly, we repurchased 310,000 shares for $12 million during the quarter. We will continue to repurchase shares opportunistically based on our internal valuation with authorization to purchase roughly 3.7 million additional shares. As Jim detailed, we are reaffirming our net sales and diluted net earnings per share outlook for the year. In addition to successful execution against our plans for the Planter Snack Nut business and the recovery in China, growth for the balance of the year is dependent on continued improvement across the supply chain, including delivering on our internal cost reduction goals, year-over-year favorability in commodity and freight markets and a strong recovery in turkey volumes.  In the second quarter, our fill rates saw a meaningful improvement and are now exceeding 95% across the domestic businesses. With this came higher service levels and the financial benefit from on-time deliveries, a credit to our supply chain team and the strategic investments we have made in our business. I'm also proud to report that we remain on track for one of the safest years in our company's history. As Jim noted, our team has also committed to several projects aimed at reducing cost and complexity to improve our margin structure. These projects span many areas of the supply chain, including procurement, manufacturing and logistics to accelerate, identify and capture cost savings opportunities.  Specific to the back half of the year, we are assuming incremental freight and indirect supply savings and a higher than historical run rate from our legacy cost mitigation efforts. Signs of continued market stabilization and cost relief in areas such as raw materials and freight are also supportive of our gradual margin improvement for the business. As expected, prices on key protein inputs during the second quarter generally declined compared to last year and the first quarter.  The USDA composite cutout declined 23% compared to last year and was 7% lower than the first quarter. This decrease was driven primarily by bellies, which declined 50% compared to last year. Trim prices are also trending lower than the prior year and declined counterseasonally heading into Memorial Day.  The full financial impact of more favorable raw material prices will continue to lag as we work through the elevated inventory and absorb higher grain and beef costs. We have assumed lower freight expenses in the back half of the year due to the actions of the supply chain team, softening industry demand for trucks and increased carrier capacity. Driver participation is above pre-COVID levels and has remained stable. These savings will be partially offset by continued headwinds from warehousing expenses as industry-wide cold storage constraints persist. The overall impact of HPAI on domestic poultry supply chain in the U.S. this spring was minimal. The risk associated with the return of the virus now appear to be low heading into the summer months.  Turkey markets moved lower in the second quarter and have continued to decline due to a rapid recovery in supply. We are again producing full assortment of turkey items, and our teams are selling with confidence into the retail, foodservice and international markets. As we said last quarter, demand for Jennie-O Turkey products remains positive, and we expect improved meat availability in the back half of the year to drive higher sales volumes for our turkey business, offsetting the impact of market declines and higher fee positions.  Our team is delivering on the commitments we laid out last quarter, and is continuing to lead in the area of social responsibility. Recently, we were recognized as one of Barron's 100 Most Sustainable companies named as one of the top 5 conscientious CPG companies by Progressive Grocer and honored with the distinction of being named one of America's most trustworthy companies by Newsweek for the second year in a row.  We strive to earn and keep the trust of our customers and stakeholders every day through our actions and commitments to transparency, accountability and integrity. All of these recognitions are a testament to the dedication and hard work of our team members who are the foundation of our continued success. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: So you had been pretty clear about the headwinds in the second quarter and the focus, I think, really is more in the second half. You've reiterated your outlook there. Can you just give us a sense for -- you've laid out a lot of drivers for the sales and earnings growth, you pointed to foodservice as a key contributor there. And obviously, its earnings grew in the second quarter, but turkey and bacon pricing weighted down from -- on the top line. Is it just turkey availability improvement that really moves the needle? And if that's a key factor, can you give a sense of just your visibility on that into the second half? And just how much risk there may or may not be?
James Snee: Yes, Michael, thanks for the question. I mean there's a combination of things as we think about the back half of the year. foodservice will continue to be a driver in our business as it has been this year and previous years. But as we think about the availability of turkey, when we think about some of the capacity that we now have with projects that have come online, our most recent SPAM line or expansion of pepperoni, the continued growth and performance of the Planters business, and then the other variable to consider is as we think about the back half of the year, although they're not there today, we've built in some higher markets for the back half of the year.  So especially for those items where the pricing is more pass-through, you're going to have a topline impact but then all those other things contribute to both top line and bottom line. So those are the things that we really can control and that's what we're focused on as we head into the back half of the year.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's great color. And just to follow up on the pricing comment that you mentioned the pricing in 3Q, in most of the group, the pricing really seems to have peaked and there's fewer and fewer announcements like that. Have you gotten a lot of pushback? How broad of a price increase is it? Can you just give a little more color on how that -- how we should think about that?
Deanna Brady: Michael, thanks for the question. This is Deanna. Relative to retail, we've taken pricing in Q2 in a few categories. We have a few categories we're looking at as we head into Q3. But we're being extremely mindful to protect both our margins, but also to protect our relationship with our customers and our consumers. I think when we approach the retailers with the right information that support the price increase, we've been able to come to terms and move forward. We've always -- obviously, it's their job to protect their margin. It's their job to protect the consumer. Those aren't new conversations to us in regards to approaching pricing. So it's really about having all the data and the facts to support what you're doing and why.
James Snee: And just as a reminder, Michael, our foodservice business tends to be closer to the market with pricing than retail.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer: Just following along these lines, and I wanted to understand a little bit if you could elaborate what you're seeing more recently and what your expectations are as it relates to volume. I mean, with the pricing actions being taken, how do you feel about the volume reaction into the back half? And how much of that maybe volume recovery is then ultimately going to help you to drive some of the profit recovery you're looking for? That would be my first question.
James Snee: Similar to the previous question, the turkey volume is volume that's coming back. And so as we -- as Jacinth mentioned, the impact of HPAI this spring has been minimal. We're now producing a full slate of items. We've got our sales teams focused and reengaged on selling turkey. You don't just flip a switch after a year of not having turkey, but they are focused and reengaged. And so that is, call it, new replacement volume, whatever the right term is, that's, that returning volume on the turkey side of the business.  We have been capacity-constrained on a couple of the categories I mentioned earlier. So having those freed up, allow the sales team to go out and sell. And then the really good work that our team has done on Planters really has the opportunity to drive additional top line and bottom line in the back half of the year. And maybe Deanna can add some color on some of the -- maybe some of the categories.
Deanna Brady: Sure. As we think about volume in the back half, we're really encouraged to have turkey back with the ability to promote. So we're out actively setting up promotions for the back half of the year with our retailers. Bacon continued to enjoy growth in the first half, and we don't see anything stopping that in the back half. The brand performed really well in regards to gaining new households as well as gaining growth in the marketplace. We'll continue to support those brands with both promotions, with advertising as well as innovation, which was planned as we added capital in the areas of bacon, pepperoni and as we think about Columbus and Planters, you'll see really advertising, promotion and media across all of those as well as innovation.  So we feel good about the volume through, again, turkey, bacon, pepperoni, Columbus, Applegate and Planters as we saw some improvement in Planters most recently at the end of the quarter and have plans as we head into the back half.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. And then just one quick housekeeping as it relates to CapEx and the reduction here in the new target. Can you explain the reason why you're lowering the CapEx? Is it the delay? Is it not execution? Is it just being more cautious on capital allocation in general? Just a few comments around that would be appreciated.
Jacinth Smiley: Thanks for your question, Ben. So just to start off, we are in a very strong financial position and continue to be. As we look at the spend, the spend is absolutely in line with our historical levels. And quite frankly, I mean we've gone into the year with an expanded CapEx spend, and this is just a natural fallout that happened as you go to execute for different reasons, there is slippage that actually happens when we try to execute so many projects during the year.  That being said, we're in a great position in terms of what we've invested in our capacity for the business and also what we need to do from a maintenance perspective.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens.
Benjamin Bienvenu: I wanted to ask about mix across each of the segments. It was a factor that unfavorably influenced the retail business, favorably influenced the foodservice business. I'm curious to understand the factors influencing mix, how much of them were externally driven? And what are the things that you all can do from an initiative or internal perspective that either amplifies the benefits that you're getting in foodservice or combats the challenges you're facing in retail?
James Snee: Sure. Thanks, Ben. On the retail side, when we think about the mix, again, it's always a mixed bag. We've had our bacon business, which has had a positive impact. Planters has had a dilutive effect on mix. When we think about what's happened in China, and so -- there's a lot of moving parts across the entire portfolio even when we think about the commodity side of the business and what's happened. But I think the retail team is focused on the right opportunities to drive and improve mix. And when we think about the sales and volume opportunities in the back half of the year, a lot of those are improved mixed items.  The foodservice team does a great job historically of really laddering up and increasing the value-added proposition of their portfolio. And so we expect that to continue. And then in the International business, just as China moderates and we see that inflection point and improvement as markets open up for them to be able to move more product. We see that mix improving as well.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Okay. Great. On International, you talked about availability of turkey getting better. HPAI seems to be mostly in the rearview. I know it's still -- we're still in monitor mode. What is the pace of improvement that you're expecting in that business and then exports in particular?
James Snee: Ben, I think probably the most important piece here is when we think back to the back half of last year, and where our volume was down of 30%. That was very, very significant. And so as we're looking at the back half of this year, we do expect Q3 to be relatively flat, maybe a slight increase. And then in Q4, would expect an increase. Specifically on the International business, there are some nuances with the Jennie-O Turkey business as we've restructured the business and moved into our Go Forward model. A lot of that responsibility was in Jennie-O this year.  It's in the International business, and they've been negatively impacted by market closures tied to AI. And so we've already started to see some markets reopen, which will allow them to move additional volume and then also, obviously, additional margin with that.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Palmer of JPMorgan.
Thomas Palmer: I wanted to maybe just touch on the expected cadence of earnings in the second half of the year. If we go back many years, your third quarter earnings have typically been the lowest quarter of the year. I know the first couple of quarters of this year had some unusual headwinds, but it does sound like pricing actions, some operational improvements and some of the volume recovery, right, is a bit more weighted to the fourth quarter. It also sounded like maybe there's a bit more work to do on working down inventory in the third quarter.  So I guess with respect to that third quarter, should we expect 3Q to follow this historical cadence, meaning something below the $0.40 in the past 2 quarters? Or just given some of the improvements is more of a rebound expected this year?
James Snee: Yes. Thanks for the question, Tom. I think there's a couple of things to consider. And historically, I get the point of reference, but I would say this is a fundamentally different business that we're operating today. And so as we think of Q3 in terms of cadence, we do expect to be marginally higher than last year. To your point about the work that remains as we said on our first quarter call, we had very clear priorities and team did a great job executing against them, but the work is not done. And so we do expect to see some of those benefits in Q3, additional benefits in Q4. So we'll -- the work is not done, team is doing a great job, but the priorities remain the same for us.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thanks for the detail. And then maybe just on the pricing side, you mentioned it's inflation-justified pricing. Maybe just some color on what commodities are the general focus for this pricing? And is this related to inflation that's cropped up in recent months? Or is this more catch-up for something that happened in past quarters?
Deanna Brady: Thanks for the question. It's really a couple of different things. Some of it will be catch up, not necessarily based on markets, but it will be a collection of the input costs going into our items. We also have to factor in, we've invested into capacity, and obviously, depreciation comes at us as a result of that. So we're always thinking where we need to grow and obviously, growth has to be paid for. The other piece would be looking forward in regards to some of our markets that are a bit more annualized as we start looking into next year and where we're expecting some input increases and positioning ourselves for that to maintain our margins as well as to be able to ensure we can invest in our brands through trade and advertising.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Jim, I know we've kind of beat this topic over the head. But just on the sales and revenue cadence for the year, I just want to make sure I have it clearly -- the guidance, even to get to the low end of the range kind of implies you go from like a minus 3% in the first half to actually accelerating the sales to like 5% plus in the second half. And understanding you're lapping Jennie-O and there's a lot of other moving pieces on the volume side from the WholeStone contract from last year.  Just can you help us understand what's actually embedded in your volume assumptions by segment, if possible, but even at the full level would be helpful. And the second part to that would be just like how much of this is you need demand to reaccelerate from a volume standpoint versus you know because of pipeline fill and I think you said shelf resets that allows you to kind of get there on the volume side. So just if you could really unpack that for us, it would be very helpful.
James Snee: That's a lot to unpack, Peter. I'll do my best here. I think, again, starting at the end, demand is always important. But this idea that we need some unbelievable demand acceleration, that's not necessary for us to be able to deliver growth in the back half of the year. And I know it's going to sound repetitive, but a big part of this is getting turkey back, getting that full assortment back, being able to now sell in some categories that were capacity-constrained, stabilizing and growing that Planters business. I mean those are all the things, in addition to the other parts of the business that are growing already.  And as we think about the segments that you asked about, Retail has got a lot of dynamics and a lot of puts and takes. So even if we said retail volume will be relatively flat, we do expect volume growth in foodservice and International. And when we roll all of that up, your number or your estimate is appropriate, and we've got the ability to get there with all the dynamics I mentioned.
Peter Galbo: Okay. No, that's very helpful, and I appreciate that. And then maybe just for Deanna, and I know we've talked about pricing a lot as well, but like your largest customer has come out and said, hey, we need food companies to bring pricing down and again, with incremental pricing actions going in, understanding it's inflation-justified, just -- how do you reconcile kind of those comments?
Deanna Brady: Yes. So as we think about the back half, if you recognized last year, we didn't have trade promotions in place. So a lot of the work we're doing with our retailers is jointly talking about category growth as well as where are the consumers at and really trying to pull strategies that leverage trade. We've shifted some dollars from below the line to above the line to continue to support promotions as well as a lot of in-store activation, coupled with advertising.  And so while we may start with a price request, we can come to the table and talk about price is only one factor and what else do we need to do together to really think about category growth as well as ensuring that the consumer is remembering what value our brands play in their life. And price doesn't do that alone. And so we really tend to come to the conversation with them, really focusing on -- that's one thing. Let's talk about that. But let's talk about how we can bring in pricing promotion as well as displays into the store, and that's what you'll see from us in the back half.
Operator: The next question comes from Rupesh Parikh of Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh: So I just want to get your thoughts on a consumer backdrop. I know there's snap reduction in the market that could be impacting retail. So curious just what you guys are seeing in retail. And then just in foodservice, I think late last year, you guys may have seen a slowdown, but just curious what you're just seeing right now on the demand side in foodservice.
James Snee: Yes, Rupesh. So when we think about just the consumer dynamics in general, and I'll let Deanna add some color on the retail space. But I think the one thing that we don't want to lose sight of is the fact that we've counted and we've built very intentionally this balanced business model. And so in this really dynamic environment, dynamic is probably an understatement, we really benefit from that balanced business model, whether it's premium tier, value tier, think about the alternate channels, protein inputs. I mean, there's a lot of balance across everything that we do. And that really benefits us in this environment.  From a foodservice perspective, the volume and then the business remain strong. And so the team -- recently at the National Restaurant Show and the feeling there is a level of maybe cautious optimism, but optimism, nonetheless. And as you think about, people are still traveling. And what we're seeing in all the different segments, which again, is the balance that we've built in that foodservice business as well, really serves us well. So that's why we're still optimistic about the foodservice business. We believe the demand is there. And then we also -- we believe that our focus on the different segments allows us to capitalize on opportunities as that business can shift from segment to segment.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. And maybe just one follow-up question just on the available...
James Snee: [Indiscernible] commentary on the retail side, Rupesh.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay. Perfect.
Deanna Brady: Rupesh, what I'd add for the retail side is we're seeing consumers be extremely intentional about their spending, not only where they're shopping, how they're shopping, and then what types of items they're buying. As a result, we continue to see consumers gravitate towards -- surprisingly, our premium offerings. And when you think about -- so think about a party tray or Columbus circuitry board, those are items that are bringing value to their lives and are a part of their family and something that they're extremely proud of.  So parts of our portfolio may have some near-term impact, but a lot of our brands are really still very, very important. And as I mentioned earlier, that's why we continue to pulse advertising and promotions and then store activation. So that I remember the role that the brands play.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: I guess my first question is on turkey. And Jim, you clarified kind of that volumes kind of normalizing without HPAI, I mean there was an allusion to commodity turkey pricing, which has fallen pretty meaningfully kind of since the start of the year. How do we think about the profit kind of contribution of turkey at this point? I think kind of coming into the year, kind of [indiscernible] its own business. I think the framing have been that, that was going to be roughly flat with volume growth and offsetting or volume normalization in the back half offsetting kind of feed costs, but kind of the commodity turkey environment has kind of come in pretty meaningfully since where you guys were in November and December.  And I'm just trying to think about how that would impact the profitability of your total turkey business, which is obviously now standing between 2 different businesses.
James Snee: Got it. Thanks for the question, Adam. And I do think it's the offset in terms of the return of the volumes and that tonnage increase in the back half. And you're right, we've seen markets come down, but there is that corresponding offset because we just haven't had that volume to sell. And so our ability to be able to now have the value-added products on a regular basis, whether it's the lean ground turkey and retail or having a full product offering on the foodservice side of the business, that's really a differentiator.  And the bottom line to all of this is that it is great to have turkey back. Right? So fundamentally, in our portfolio, turkey is a very, very important part of what we want to get done. And so we're glad to have this volume back, the ability to regain focus on the value-added portion of the business is what our team is focused on right now. And like I said, you don't just flip a switch when you haven't had something that's held for a year, but the teams, retail, foodservice are very aligned and focused on moving turkey again in the back half of the year.
Jacinth Smiley: The other piece I'll also add there, Adam, is that the team has done a really, really good job from a supply chain standpoint. And as we -- as you think about the profitability, the yields have been really good and have improved the bird performance. And so that will definitely help us as you think about margins.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then I had a follow-up on cash flow. And just I think there was another question about the CapEx reduction. But in some discussion also about kind of inventory dollars improving over the balance of the year. Has the cash flow kind of performance through the quarter and year-to-date actually hit your own expectations? And can you dimensionalize kind of by the end of the year, kind of what the anticipated release of working capital dollars should be?
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. So I'll start off by saying, I mean, we continue to generate really strong cash flow, and we expect that to continue and improve through the rest of the year. And so that continues to give us that healthy balance sheet I talk about and just being able to flex as needed from a cash utilization standpoint for the business. So we're not feeling any different about our cash flow and our availability and ability to generate cash.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. But did the cash flow performance in the period kind of actually that is what you were expecting? And how much kind of -- what is the anticipated kind of working capital release as we think about the balance of the year?
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. So definitely met expectations for the quarter and the detail around your second piece of the question, Adam, you can definitely follow up with David on that piece.
Operator: There are no further questions. I will turn the call back to Jim Snee for closing remarks.
James Snee: Well, thank you. While very dynamic, the second quarter demonstrates our team's ability to do what we say we're going to do with the appropriate sense of urgency. I'm very proud of the work the team did this quarter to set us up to deliver sales and earnings' growth in the back half of the year. We are still focused on the same priorities and remain confident in our team's ability to deliver the results that we expect. Thanks to all of you for joining us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-03-02 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hormel Foods First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to David Dahlstrom, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
David Dahlstrom: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2023. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section.  On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Deanna Brady, Executive Vice President of the Retail segment. Jim will review the company's first quarter results and give a perspective on the rest of fiscal 2023. Jacinth will provide detailed financial results and further commentary on our outlook, and Deanna will join for the Q&A portion of the call. The line will be opened for questions following Jacinth’s remarks.  As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue.  At the conclusion of this morning's call, a webcast replay will be posted to our investor website in archive for one year. Additionally, earlier this week, we filed a Form 8-K with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that included supplemental segment financial information for fis years 2021 and 2022 related to the GoFWD initiative. We have posted a copy of the Form 8-K to our investor website, investor.hormelfoods.com.  Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section.  I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee. 
Jim Snee: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. With the release of our recast financial information earlier this week, our transition from a structural and reporting perspective is now complete for the GoFWD initiative. I want to take time to acknowledge the immense amount of work the entire team has put in to transition the business to our new strategic operating model. We have spent time discussing the strategic rationale and how our actions over the past decade have positioned us for go forward. But there has been a lot of blocking and tackling that had to take place first to get us to where we are today. Over the past six months, we stood up three new business segments, and consolidated the Jennie-O Turkey Store segment. This included organizing the Retail segment into six distinct verticals, and combining the foodservice businesses across the enterprise. We invested in new centers of excellence, including brand fuel, and a dedicated FP&A team. And we made changes to the administrative side of the business to recast the financial statements, align and structure our entities and duties, maintain controls across the business, and of course, operate our business without interruption. We have learned a lot about our people, processes and technology going through this transition. While we have work to do in all of these areas, I am encouraged by the conversations that are taking place across the organization. The operating environment remains challenging. And while many areas of the business performed ahead of last year during the first quarter, our results were disappointing and below our expectations. From a top-line perspective, demand from consumers and operators generally remained elevated in key categories. And we delivered balanced growth between volume and price across many parts of our portfolio. We continue to see elevated demand for many of our center store refrigerated Mexican and premium items at retail, including Black Label bacon, Columbus charcuterie, Hormel chili, Hormel pepperoni, Applegate breaded chicken, Herdez products, Square Table entrees and Mary Kitchen hash. Likewise, solutions based items in our Foodservice segment had another strong quarter, with volume growth in sliced meats and from brands such as Cafe H, Fire Braised, Bacon 1 and Austin Blues. For the quarter, sales declined 2%. As a reminder, there continues to be volatility in our overall volume and net sales results, given the planned volume declines in commodity pork, and the volume impacts across the turkey supply chain due to highly pathogenic avian influenza, or HPAI.  Diluted net earnings per share for the quarter was $0.40, a $0.04 decline compared to last year. Our results reflect the persistent impact from inflationary pressures, supply chain inefficiencies and lower sales volumes across each of the business segments. Now, turning to our segments. Results in the Retail segment declined compared to last year. Net sales growth from the bacon, global flavors, convenient meals and proteins, and emerging brands verticals was offset by lower sales in the value-added meats, and snacking and entertaining verticals. Segment profit declined as the benefit from pricing actions across the portfolio, higher equity in earnings from MegaMex and improved results for the bacon business were more than offset by the impact from lower net sales, unfavorable mix and higher operating costs. The bacon verticals delivered outstanding results in the quarter due to elevated demand for our Black Label items. There was also a benefit from commodity relief in pork bellies throughout the quarter as we work through higher cost inventory. This is a category where we have made significant investments, and one we expect to show growth for the year. Similarly, the global flavors vertical made up of our MegaMex business had an excellent start to the year. The pricing actions that we've taken across this business to combat inflationary pressures, coupled with commodity relief on avocado inputs, led to revenue and equity and earnings gains for the quarter. The emerging brands vertical delivered volume and sales growth for the Applegate brand led by frozen breaded chicken and whole deli items. The convenient meals and proteins vertical achieved another quarter of net sales growth, led by Hormel chili, Square Table refrigerated entrees and Mary Kitchen hash, in addition to a benefit from pricing actions we implemented last year. We will have new capacity for SPAM items beginning in the second quarter. In addition to supporting our highest selling products in the category, this new capacity allows us to restore assortments, introduce new flavors such as Maple and relaunch our 7-ounce SPAM item after a 3-year hiatus. This provides excellent value for consumers seeking a more affordable option in the category. SKIPPY peanut butter sales for the quarter were significantly behind last year. Last May, when we made the decision to relentlessly support our customers and the peanut butter category, we knew it would pressure inventory levels and have lingering impacts into fiscal 2023. This was the right decision for all stakeholders, and our team deserves credit for growing the peanut butter category and making the product readily available for our customers and consumers when they needed it. Demand remains robust for the SKIPPY brand and the category, and we are working diligently to maximize capacity and return inventories and fill rates to normalized levels. Net sales declined for the snacking and entertainment vertical as growth for the Columbus and Hormel pepperoni brands was more than offset by a year-over-year decline in the snack nuts business. The final vertical, value-added meats was most heavily impacted by lower commodity pork and turkey availability, leading to net sales declines. In the Foodservice segment, products in the sliced meats, pepperoni, premium prepared proteins and premium bacon and breakfast sausage categories grew volume and net sales for the quarter. Like retail, the overall decline in volume was driven primarily by limited turkey and fresh pork availability. Segment profit increased for the quarter due to improved mix across the portfolio. Results for this segment were below our expectations, reflecting industry softness from mid-December into January. However, we have seen a sharp rebound in orders to begin the second quarter and are confident in our ability to grow the business this year. Finally, the International segment was heavily impacted by external factors during the first quarter. From a top line perspective, our branded export business had a strong quarter led by the SPAM and SKIPPY brands. We also saw another quarter of improved results in Brazil as the team continues to focus on its premium products and foodservice strategy. Commodity turkey volumes declined almost 80% compared to last year due to restrictions on turkey exports and limited supply as we strategically diverted raw material to support the domestic business. Our team in China faced incredibly difficult operating conditions throughout the quarter as the impact of COVID-related policy changes had dramatic short-term effects on the business as well as our employees, customers and operators. Taken together, the impact from lower turkey exports and disruptions in China represented a more than $0.01 earnings per share impact on the quarter compared to last year. We are seeing improvement in China to begin the second quarter especially in our foodservice business. As conditions normalize, we expect our China business to resume delivering accelerated growth. During the quarter, we purchased a minority stake in Garudafood, one of the largest food and beverage companies in Indonesia. This investment supports our international growth ambitions and the global execution of our snacking and entertaining strategy. Garudafood is a market leader with strong and reputable brands, local expertise and a best-in-class distribution network. We have been partnering with the Garudafood team for several years, and this strategic investment enhances that partnership. Jacinth will provide the financial details of the transaction later in the call. As we disclosed earlier this morning, we are reaffirming our top line expectations and reducing our diluted net earnings per share outlook for fiscal 2023. Our top line remains healthy. And despite softness in the first quarter, we are on track to deliver growth for the year. Demand for our leading center store and refrigerated retail brands remains favorable. The Foodservice segment expects strong growth for the remainder of the year, and we anticipate the near-term challenges impacting the international segment to abate over the coming months. Compared to our expectations heading into the year, earnings are being pressured by inefficiencies across the supply chain, persistent inflationary pressures and softness in the snack nuts category. I want to detail how we plan to address each of these challenges for the balance of the year. First, I would like to discuss the state of our supply chain. It is important to note that we have made progress over the last year, staffing our facilities, expanding production capacity and improving fill rates for each of our businesses. This has allowed us to catch up to demand in most categories and further supports the confidence we have in our revenue outlook for this year and longer term. Since the fall, we have been operating with elevated inventories due to our efforts to increase production, optimize plant performance and return fill rates to historical levels. We expected this inventory to clear during the normal course of business. This has not happened. And in fact, we have seen inventories continue to grow in a number of areas. This has resulted in inefficiencies across the supply chain and higher operating costs. We are taking immediate action to combat these inefficiencies by focusing on selling excess inventories and reducing the reliance on third-party warehouses and co-packers. These actions are expected to cause short-term margin compression, but they are necessary as we look to restore profitability to normalized levels and reduce complexity. Simply said, after almost three years of chasing unprecedented demand, our ability to supply our customers, consumers and operators caught up to and in some cases began to exceed demand and we needed to react sooner. Rectifying the inefficiencies caused by elevated inventory levels is the top priority in the company. Second, we continue to operate in a volatile, complex and high-cost environment and cost pressures remain high. Our retail businesses, especially in the center store, continue to be disproportionately impacted by high inflationary pressures and the pricing actions we have taken over the last 18 months still lag inflation. To help mitigate some of this pressure, we have announced additional inflationary justified pricing actions in certain retail categories effective late in the second quarter. We are evaluating further pricing actions but as we have said, our teams remain highly focused on the long-term needs of the business and protecting the equity of our brands. For the remainder of the year, we believe we can stabilize these margin pressures through a combination of pricing actions, operational cost management and supply chain cost savings initiatives. Third, after meeting expectations last year, our Planters business is off to a slower-than-expected start in 2023. There are numerous factors at play including general category softness, a consumer shift away from certain higher-priced items, production challenges and timing issues. We are taking immediate action to address the current challenges, stabilize the top line and grow the consumer base. Beginning in the second quarter, we are shifting resources to drive consumption. This includes increasing promotional support and prioritizing peanut items and pack sizes aimed at value-seeking consumers. We are bringing much needed innovation to the category with flavored cashews and several new corn nuts flavors. We're expanding assortments as we continue to gain distribution for the brand. And we are investing in capital for higher growth items that are relevant for today's consumer. Long term, we remain fully committed to the Planters brand and the snack nuts category. This business is at the center of our snacking and entertainment strategy, our ambitions to grow in the convenience store channel and as we look to become even more balanced as a company. We know what we need to do to change the trajectory of this business and our teams are focused on accelerating the pace of that change. Considering these factors, we expect full year net sales growth of 1% to 3% and diluted net earnings per share of $1.70 to $1.82 per share. While we have work to do the rest of this fiscal year, we cannot lose sight of the progress we have made over the last two years. We are a significantly larger company today, 30% bigger, in fact. We are a more balanced company through the products we sell and in the ways we reach our customers, consumers and operators. We have transformed our company, not only through the GoFWD initiative but with the investments we have continued to make in technology, capacity and capabilities. And we have made all of this simultaneously navigating a dynamic and volatile environment and managing through the impacts of HPAI. Our brands remain vibrant and relevant. Our strategies remain effective and our business is positioned for long-term growth. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley to discuss detailed financial information related to the first quarter and additional color on key drivers to our outlook.
Jacinth Smiley : Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Net sales for the first quarter were $3 billion, a 2% decline to last year. Planned lower commodity pork and turkey volumes were the primary drivers of the decrease in net sales. We have now lapped our new pork supply agreement as of January and turkey supplies have improved since the fall. We anticipate more normalized volume comparisons for the remainder of the year, barring a return of HPAI in the spring. First quarter gross profit was $496 million compared to $539 million last year. Gross profit margin declined 100 basis points as the impact from pricing actions was more than offset by unfavorable mix and persistent inflationary pressures. For the first quarter, SG&A expenses as a percent of net sales increased marginally to 7.5%. The company continued to support its leading brands through advertising investments. Advertising expenses were $47 million during the quarter, comparable to last year. Of note, we promoted Black Label bacon over the holiday season and the Planters brand was once again front and center at this year's big game with The Roast of Mr. Peanut. Equity in earnings of affiliates for the first quarter increased significantly compared to last year due to improved results for MegaMex and our joint venture in the Philippines. Operating income for the first quarter was $289 million compared to $320 million last year. Operating margins compressed to 9.7% compared to 10.5% last year. Net unallocated expenses in the first quarter increased $7 million. This increase was driven by higher employee-related expenses and outside consulting fees. The effective tax rate for the quarter moved modestly higher to 22.6% compared to 22.4% last year. Last year's rate reflected higher stock option exercise benefits. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 is expected to be 21% to 23%. The net result of all these factors was diluted net earnings per share of $0.40. Turning to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $204 million for the first quarter compared to $384 million last year. This decline was driven by lower net earnings and an increase in working capital. As Jim mentioned, we purchased a 29% common stock interest in Garudafood, a leading food and beverage company in Indonesia. We obtained a minority interest from various shareholders for a purchase price of $411 million, including associated transaction costs. The transaction was funded using cash on hand. We do not expect the transaction to have a material impact on our fiscal 2023 results. We are targeting $350 million in capital expenditures for 2023. In addition to the newly commissioned SPAM product line, we recently approved a [$14 million] expansion for our Columbus line of premium charcuterie products and additional capacity for higher demand Planters items at the Fort Smith, Arkansas facility. We also continue to invest heavily in automation projects as evidenced by our recently completed project supporting turkey processing at the Faribault, Minnesota facility. The project automates more than 30 difficult, highly repetitive jobs at the plant, further aiding our efforts to improve employee retention and satisfaction. We paid our 378th consecutive quarterly dividend effective February 15 at an annual rate of $1.10 per share, a 6% increase over last year. We ended the first quarter with $3.3 billion in debt, unchanged from the prior year. We remain committed to maintaining an investment-grade rating. As Jim detailed, we have lowered our diluted net earnings per share outlook for the year and have action plans in place for the balance of fiscal 2023. In terms of cadence for the year, we expect diluted net earnings per share in the second quarter to be significantly lower than last year. We expect unfavorable mix in the retail segment, short-term margin compression due to our immediate actions across the supply chain and for continued COVID-related disruption in China to negatively affect the second quarter. We are also not expecting a repeat of last year's lower effective tax rate. As we look to the second half of the year, we expect earnings growth compared to last year led by the Foodservice and International segments, gradual improvement in the cost environment and higher turkey volumes. We are beginning to see signs of market stabilization and even cost relief in certain areas such as raw materials and freight. As anticipated, prices on key protein inputs generally declined during the quarter compared to last year and the fourth quarter. The USDA composite cutout declined 19% compared to the fourth quarter and was 2% lower than last year. This decrease was driven primarily by bellies, which declined 26% compared to last year. Higher inventory was generally a headwind in the first quarter and will continue to affect results as we work to reduce inventories. We have assumed a benefit from lower raw materials costs in the back half of the year. Similarly, we saw a more balanced freight environment during the first quarter as demand for trucks moderated. We expect freight rates for the remainder of the year to be lower compared to last year. In addition to the actions we are taking to address inventory levels and inflation, our teams remain focused on identifying and capturing cost savings opportunities as supply chain conditions normalize. HPAI remains a significant risk facing the business. While the last supported case in our supply chain was early December, the virus continues to impact domestic poultry supplies. There is increased risk to our supply chain into the spring as migration begins along the Mississippi flyway. Assuming current conditions hold, reduced production volume in our turkey facilities is expected through the end of the second quarter before steadily improving in the back half of the year. This should be supportive of our turkey business as demand for general turkey products remains strong. Turkey markets have become less favorable as breast meat prices have steadily declined over the last month. Additionally, historically high feed costs remain a headwind for our business. Considering these factors, we expect to improve meat availability in the back half of the year to drive higher sales volumes for our turkey business, offsetting the impact of market declines and higher feed costs. Additionally, we made significant progress towards fully integrating Jennie-O Turkey Store into the company's One Supply Chain, a new operating segment during the first quarter. We remain on track to achieve $20 million to $30 million of savings on a run rate basis by the end of the fiscal 2023.  As noted, last quarter, there were incremental investments planned against One Supply Chain and GoFWD. Our new business model demands this, and our strong financial position allows us to continue investing for the long term. In closing, I want to acknowledge the demanding work of all the teams across the organization to make the GoFWD initiative possible. I remain confident that once fully implemented, our new strategic operating model will better align the businesses to the needs of our customers, consumers, operators and shareholders to deliver sustainable long-term growth. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Rupesh Parikh of Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh : So to start out for us, the report today is not really consistent with what we typically see for Hormel. So what happened? And what are the key efforts from here to improve performance?
Jim Snee : Good morning, Rupesh. We agree with you. The word that we used is we're disappointed, and these are not results that we expected. But I do think it's important that even with that disappointment, to remember just how far we've come with our supply chain and everything they've been through over the last three years. We go back to, obviously, the COVID impact when plants were shut down, and we didn't have labor. And then when we did have labor, it was turning over. And so we are in a more stable operating environment for sure. And so fill rates continue to improve, labor is better and production capacity across key categories for us is good. But as we think about Quarter 1 that -- in the context of our -- this dynamic and volatile environment is a bit more explainable. We talked about China. That's easy to understand. Foodservice had a period of softness, but their business continues to be strong and will stay strong for the balance of the year. We mentioned Planters, which we met our expectations last year, but are seeing a slower start this year, and we know what we need to get done there, and then avian influenza still battling that. So we've said since the fall, we've been operating with elevated inventories. We wanted to get fill rates up. We needed more inventory to support our expanded network. The big thing here is probably a misalignment of our inventory and our demand because we expected the inventory to clear, it didn't and it hasn't. And it's resulted in inefficiencies across the supply chain and higher operating costs when we think about product and warehouses and probably moving it more than we had expected. And so those are real dollars that impacted us in the quarter. And then the other thing is we want to be careful when we talk about inventory because as we progress throughout the year, it's not going to be as simple as just looking at a dollar amount to gauge how we're doing. Mix is huge in our portfolio. When we think about pounds versus dollars impacts of markets, a potential rebound in turkey, times when we may be building inventory to support customer promotional activity. All those things are part of our inventory mix. And really, for us, we'll be talking to all of you, just like we're doing today in a very transparent manner to say is our demand -- or is our inventory aligned with our demand. And that's really going to be the key indicator going forward. So we're disappointed where we are, but we know what we need to do and probably said the most simple way possible is that after almost three years of chasing this unprecedented demand, supply caught demand and we needed to react sooner and we didn't.
Jacinth Smiley : Yes. And another important point to just mention here, Rupesh, is that as we have this elevated inventory, what it does is also just delay us from recognizing and benefiting from some of the costs coming down. When we think about freight rates, markets coming down, we haven't really been able to realize those, and that's been delayed. We talked about it in the fourth quarter that we should see that relief here and those benefits showing up in our margins this quarter, and that's been delayed as well and affecting where we're sitting right now from a guidance perspective.
Rupesh Parikh : Great. I'm going to slip in another question. So I think in your prepared comments, you mentioned something about learning about people, I think you said technology and processes. What are the key learnings there? And then how quickly can they be implemented?
Jim Snee : Yes. I'll go ahead and start on that, Rupesh. I mean I think there's a couple of things there that we need to talk about just to level set those comments. I mean the first thing is we're a much larger company today than we were two years ago. And it's not just the Planters acquisition. That's part of it. But we've seen significant growth in our business. We haven't stopped acting on our strategic priorities. Everything that we've talked about in terms of becoming more balanced, transforming our company. We've continued to move that forward, all while navigating this crazy current environment and managing through avian influenza. And so when we say that we've learned a lot about our people. We have the right people as we've gone through our GoFWD initiative, we just need to make sure that we have them doing the right work and GoFWD will help with that. When we talk about processes, as we've integrated our businesses, there are processes that will need a refresh. When we think about inventory, pricing decisions, brand resourcing, and GoFWD will help with that as well. And then on the technology side, I'll maybe let Jacinth add some color there.
Jacinth Smiley : Yes. So from a short-term perspective, we are probably just a level set, I mean, this team knows how to manage inventory. And so what we're doing in the immediate term here is just returning to that pre-pandemic discipline when we think about S&OE and the process that is aligned with ensuring that we're listening to demand signal, connecting our commercial team with our supply chain team and getting all our supply planning aligned. And so that's what we're doing in the immediate term. And then from a long-term perspective, we have made significant investment from a systems and technology standpoint with Project Orion. And we paused that intentionally as we were integrating Planters, integrating JOTS and that was purposeful to get those done correctly. And now we're now continuing that work to enhance our S&OP and our end-to-end planning and be able to leverage our technology and our people to get us to the next level.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : I guess I'm a little confused as to where the inventory is building up in terms of your portfolio? And what categories did you underestimate the volume weakness. Is it bellies? Is it protein? Is it in the freezers? Because you mentioned in your prepared remarks, a lot of products that did really, really well and you talked about strong demand. So what kind of demand were you expecting? And where did it fall short?
Jim Snee : Yes, we did also say that we had across all segments, some volume softness. So we certainly had a lot of brands and categories that did really well. We talked about Planters being off to a slower start. So that's a part of it. And we did also talk about that period of time with our foodservice business where we had softness. And so that, too, is part of it. The foodservice piece will experience growth for the balance of the year, less concerned about that. But it's really -- I mean it's a little bit across the part to consider is what we're talking about with our supply chain is there's a level of overproduction as well. And so as we've gotten better in our supply chain and wanted to run it more productively, more efficiently, they've been running hard, and we've built that inventory. In some cases, that inventory is not aligned with the demand. And so that's really our issue is it's a little bit across the board on the product side or I'll say the sales side. And then across on the supply chain side, this overproduction, which built the inventory.
Robert Moskow : Okay. Because if I can dig in a little, Jim, like I think six to nine months ago, the issue was labor shortages, turnover, couldn't run the plants effectively enough to meet demand. And now they're overproducing?
Jim Snee : Exactly. Yes. Rob, I mean that's exactly -- and I said that a little while ago, if we go back over the last three years, everything that we've been through and that -- those different scenarios of, you're right, not having people. And then when we were getting people, they were turning over. And now that we're getting people, we're keeping people. The plants are running more productively and more efficiently. And our goal is to make sure that we're getting up to fill rates, and that we do have some production capacity. So our plants have gotten better. And like I said, in some cases, they've out-produced demand, and that is definitely part of the problem.
Robert Moskow : Okay. Last question on Planters. When I look at the Nielsen tracking data, the unit sales are certainly down. The volumes are down over the last 12 weeks, like 6% or 7%, but that's been consistent for the past 52 weeks. Unit sales have been down by that amount. Were you expecting a big pickup in unit sales and total sales in the quarter on stronger marketing and Super Bowl marketing and it just didn't play out?
Jim Snee : Yes, I think a couple of things there, Rob, and I'll turn it over to Deanna. As we think about Planters in the short term, it is about execution, driving demand and also the mix. We've said this multiple times, and it just bears restating is that we did deliver on our year one commitments. We've maintained some stable distribution. And we've seen some channel shifting with the businesses as well. But the demand is certainly lower versus our expectations in Q1. And so as we're thinking about this business now, it's really what are we going to do in the short term from an execution perspective. And Deanna, I'll let you add some color there.
Deanna Brady : Yes, sure. Thanks, Rob. Just as we think about it, we knew this business was where it was when we acquired it. And again, we were interested in this business from the snacking perspective and really is a long-term ambition for us. So when we think about plant-based protein, entertaining, snacking and our ambitions for C-store, those still remain front and center. In the short term, we do have execution challenges, in particular, our base business, which is a top priority for the team. When I also look to Q1, that was when we cut over the inventory from the prior owner. So there is some noise there and some things that happened in the quarter as well as we inherited some distribution losses right out of the gate that the team has been working against. And as we head into Q2, we'll recover some of those important distribution points that will really help stabilize the base business. We're really energized by the innovation. I was with our Planters R&D and marketing team earlier this week, and the pipeline of innovation that this team has in front of us for both the rest of '23, '24 and beyond is exceptional and really energizing in regards to where they see this business going. When we talk about innovation, you'll also see innovation launch in this quarter, both in the core business as well as in our C-store business. You mentioned Super Bowl. We did have a really fun Super Bowl ad that was really centered on peanut because we do know that the consumers are thinking about the mix of nuts and snacking right now, and peanuts are really valuable item for them. So reminding them of how much fun Planters peanuts can be as well as the protein they deliver and a great snacking option. We'll see that. It wasn't just a 30-second commercial. You'll see activation both before the event, after the event and really leads us into the quarter as we activate some of the other seasonal launches later in the year. The other thing to think about is not only that this business was starved and we've been investing both from an advertising perspective, from an innovation standpoint, as I mentioned, and then also from a capacity standpoint. So for us to grow this business, we need to add capacity, which we've invested in, in regards to tube nuts for the C-store channel as well as the club channel, and we'll see that come online here later this year and into next. We also have work to do with the portfolio. Frankly, the assortment and price pack architecture. It's a big portfolio, and we know there's optimization that will allow us to unlock growth in really, again, just thinking about where we're at with this business. We acquired the business. Last year, we integrated the business. And right now, we're executing the business, and we know we've got work to do, but really confident in what I saw this week with the teams and where we're headed into Q2 and the rest of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Larson, Seaport Research Partners.
Eric Larson : So just a couple of questions. Can you provide a little bit more detail again or just remind us kind of the cadence of turkey volumes. I think turkey volumes on a year-over-year basis still have a difficult comp in Q2. And then I believe you were expecting those to start rebounding in the second half. And then also do the same thing for us with your commodity pork volumes. You should be starting to anniversary; I think when you offloaded with the new contracts, some of that commodity volume. When do we sort of anniversary sort of the adverse comp that you would have on your commodity pork?
Jim Snee : Yes. So on the turkey side, the numbers that we've been talking about have come through that turkey has been down high 20s, 30% in terms of volume, and we expect that through the first half or now the second quarter of this year and expect volumes to rebound in the back half of the year. And that's all with the assumption that we don't have another significant AI outbreak like we did last year and then, of course, some events into the winter months. On the pork side, we are now just lapping that supply agreement. And so as we go throughout the balance of the year, the comps will be more normalized.
Eric Larson : Okay. And then just a quick follow-up, and this is maybe for Deanna. Can you give us a little -- you mentioned elasticities and where you were seeing some of the maybe more elasticity in some of your retail products. Can you give us a little bit more color on where those are and whether you may have to have some promotional adjustments on that that was mentioned, I believe, in some of the prepared comments.
Deanna Brady : Yes. So it's very interesting because it's a bit bipolar in that you've got some categories where the elasticities are playing out exactly as expected. We've got other categories where the consumer has acknowledged the change in price on shelf and continues to purchase in their regular cycles. I would say where we're seeing more elasticity would be in areas that could be higher rings. So thinking of like a fully cooked rack of ribs, we've seen some demand declines there. Obviously, having other areas for the consumer to shift to, so take a tub of barbecue or a dinner entree that has a lower price ring, but still allows or meets the same consumer need of putting dinner on the table. So making sure that, as you mentioned, that we're promoting our products and pulsing in some of those areas and that we're advertising and making sure our consumers understand the value of our products and how they can utilize them speaks to the breadth of our portfolio. We've always talked about why it's valuable to have products at different price points and that meet different consumer need states, and it's exceedingly important right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays.
Ben Theurer : Just one I had on the different demand drivers, retail versus foodservice, in particular, because if we look into it, they're both somewhat equally down in sales, but then at the same time, in foodservice, you were actually able to expand margins on retail, we saw the margin contraction. So if we come back to the whole inventory and the misalignment and demand kind of exceeding -- well supply kind of exceeding demand. Is that particularly in retail where you got these issues and this misalignment, which caused the margins to be under pressure? Or is that also something you saw in foodservice just not at the same magnitude, maybe because of mix for falls into foodservice?
Jim Snee : Yes, Ben, I think the way you described it there at the end of your question is correct. I mean there are inventory issues in both, but retail is currently more. As you talked about the foodservice pricing and sales, the element of that is, and we've talked about this frequently is we have seen some commodity relief and on the foodservice side of the business, they're able to price closer to the market. The pricing is a lot more fluid.
Ben Theurer : Okay. And then my follow-up, just quickly on China. I mean we all know fourth quarter, particularly December, was a very tough one with the whole reopening and cases, et cetera. But as of today, early March, have you seen like particularly in February and like signs of consumers being in a more normal environment of consumption? Is it fair to assume that, that could be an easier fix go forward than maybe some of the issues you have on the inventory side over in North America.
Jim Snee : Yes. Again, Ben, that's a very fair assessment. And we said that, that we have seen early in the second quarter. The China foodservice business has seen a nice uptick or a nice rebound as consumer or Chinese population seems to be making their way through COVID and are now heading back out. So we've seen foodservice up on the retail side of the business. We're really excited about the continued innovation that we've been able to deliver. The other thing, when we built that plant several years ago, we put in a SPAM line and our SPAM business has done really well, especially our SPAM Singles business. And so we've seen that continue to grow on the retail side to the point where we'll be making some additional investments to support that growth. But your take on China is exactly what we're seeing and how we're thinking about it.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Palmer of JPMorgan.
Tom Palmer : I'm sorry to belabor the inventory discussion. I just want to clarify something a bit. So it sounded like in the prepared remarks, there were some constraints in terms of sourcing pork and turkey right now, and that you're unable to produce enough peanut butter. So maybe I heard this wrong, but I don't think Planters can account for a lot of the inventory issue. So I just hope to better understand what types of products you've built up too much inventory of? And is it certain pork products that fall into that equation?
Jim Snee : Yes. So Tom, I'll start with that first question. So we didn't have any difficulty sourcing pork products for production. What we have said is it’s just the decline is what we would have normally had coming at us that we don’t today. So we used to have to sell it. Today, we don’t. That’s what we are talking about for the pork decline. The turkey is -- absolutely not enough turkey coming through to support the business. But as we think about the inventory across the entire portfolio, you are right. I mean it’s not all Planter. I mean that’s part of it. When we think about -- as I described earlier, some of it is inventory that has been built for promotion. So think SPAM as we get into bigger promotions throughout the year. We do have elevated inventories of ribs. We have some elevated inventories of complete bacon bits. So it is a mixed bag, other perishable refrigerated items. So it's a mixed bag across the inventory that we have and the portfolio. And so yes, we're not trying to pin this on any one item or one category. I mean, it is broad-based.
Tom Palmer : Okay. And maybe just on the price increases you mentioned retail. Just any detail on how much of the portfolio is being addressed with pricing? Any help on the magnitude, the timing, and then just are there certain commodity types that need to be addressed in particular?
Deanna Brady : Yes, Tom, thanks. This is Deanna. I'll jump in there. So we still have wraparound pricing that's flowing through. We took several price increases last year, and some of those are still flowing through. We have a chunk of the portfolio that is currently in price increases, roughly about 5%. We've taken a very mindful approach to our pricing and thinking about elasticities, volumes, where we've added capacity. Obviously, we want to make sure that we're able to leverage that capacity. And so we've tried to be very mindful. So we've taken multiple price increases probably in smaller increments than some of our competitors have announced. And really, the increases we're taking are justified for inflation. And so -- and we'll continue to monitor that. We've got the ones, as I mentioned, that are already in the quarter happening, and we've got a few other categories that we're evaluating as we sit today.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America.
Peter Galbo : Maybe just a first question, more of a technical question around the resegmentation. And just to level set everybody on the call, have you disclosed at all, just what percentage of the new retail business will be captured in Scanner data so in Nielsen and IRI. And I think you had a helpful breakout for retail, particularly just on the different verticals. Is there anything you can do to help us on the foodservice side? I don't think there was anything in the slide deck from Tuesday.
Jacinth Smiley : So in terms of the retail component, it will be somewhere around 80%. And then on the foodservice side, I mean, there wouldn't be anything that you would actually see…
Peter Galbo : Sorry, go ahead.
Jim Snee : No, that's okay. Peter, we're not going to have the same kind of vertical structure within foodservice just because it doesn't -- I mean the industry doesn't even really think about it that way. What we will try to do over time is provide you more color. So for example, in this quarter as we integrated the JOTS business, and we've talked about how that is going to be a benefit to both the JOTS business and the Hormel business, a channel like K-12, our school business, had a really good quarter. So we'll continue to try to provide that type of color but from, I'll say, a typical reporting, it will all roll up just into foodservice.
Peter Galbo : Okay. And then again, just to go back to the inventory side and maybe just to think about it in a little bit of a different manner. If you are going to be selling through more of your inventory or trying to get it more rightsized, I guess why wasn't there an adjustment to the sales line as well? Just thinking about if you're going to sell into more discount channels or whatever you're going to have to do? And then the second part of that question is just in your conversations with retailers, how should we think about what they're asking you to do? Is it to carry more of the burden of working capital, carry more inventory for them because they want to have less in terms of their working capital needs and just the implications as how you're thinking about it on cash flow. So I know that's a lot, kind of as a two-part question, but I appreciate the thoughts.
Jim Snee : Yes. No, it's a really good question. And so no, we have not moved off of our top line guidance. We know that there's a turkey uncertainty and expect that to come back in the back half of the year. The other part of this is our foodservice business. And so even though we had some softness for a period of time in the first quarter, we expect growth for the balance of the year. So those really are two drivers. And then as we expect our international business to come back with some of those challenges abating, we do believe that we'll be able to deliver that top line. And then the second part of that question, we're not getting that pressure from retailers in terms of keep more inventory. As Jacinth said earlier, we know how to run this business. And historically, we've had very, very strong fill rates. It's obviously some of the supply chain challenges that we've had over the last two, three years that have prevented us from getting to those fill rates. But slowly but surely, we are getting those fill rates back to where they were. And so we were able to operate the way that we did pre-pandemic. That's really the expectation.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery : I just want to come back to Planters specifically, when you detail some of these challenges, it's one of the three things you call out as a focus area in terms of optimizing promotional support and everything else. But then you also called out the capacity expansion, even though those volumes have been down kind of mid or more single digits for some time. Can you just maybe elaborate on what pain point the capacity expansion solves given the current situation?
Jacinth Smiley : Sure. Thanks, Michael. The capacity expansion specifically addressed the continued evolution of snacking as well as C-store and club channel. So the capacity we're adding a specific packaging. That really is on trend with how consumers want to snack today, when you think about the tube nut in particular, both in a singular purchase as well as in a club variety. The additional capacity is really designed to help us continue to meet the demand, which is exceptional there. And then the other area of growth that we haven't talked about that is really a hidden gem in the portfolio is the core nut business, and some really great flavors that are coming to market. And as we think of the convenience store business, really the 100 days of summer is where that business really comes to life. So adding capacity both for C-store and club store is where we're leaning into right now.
Jim Snee : And I think it's important to know, Michael, these are things that we knew when we bought the business. We knew that there was going to have to be some packaging innovation, which we did last year with the new bottle and then also some capacity investments. So it was existing packaging, but we saw that as an opportunity. It was just a matter of what the timing was that we were going to need it. And then as Deanna mentioned, we've seen really, really strong growth since Day 1 for the corn nuts business, and we don't expect that to slow down.
Michael Lavery : Okay. That's helpful. And just coming back to Garuda, did you have an option for a bigger stake there? Or could you at some point? How do we think about whether or not that ever becomes part of above the line in operations?
Jim Snee : Yes. I think for now, it was -- we took out the previous private equity owner. That was the big stake that was for sale. So for us, it was the right size at the right time. And again, I mean, we've been a partner with them, but it's early days, and we still need to learn about the business, about the market. We know it supports our two strategic initiatives for adding scale and snacking, entertaining and developing that global presence. And so as we go along, we certainly think there will be opportunities for us to -- if the business delivers for us to take a bigger position.
Operator: Our last question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson : So I guess first question just on Jennie-O, or turkey, I should say, you're talking about volumes improving and starting to normalize in the back half, assuming no further HPAI, but I think and you already started to see this commodity breast in pricing coming down and that would continue if there is no further supply disruptions in the turkey market. Commodity resin pricing was actually a big margin uplift to that business last year. I know it's now getting -- it's now split between retail and foodservice international, so it's not as visible. But did your full year outlook for your turkey business profitability actually come down with this update? I just it's not clear because it would seem like turkey breast meat pricing is a pretty big -- could be a pretty big headwind over the balance of the year?
Jim Snee : Yes, Adam, we have not changed the outlook for the turkey business at all. You're right that we've seen lower breast meat markets. But the turkey business is still in a very favorable position. Turkey demand is strong. The value-added portion of the business continues to do well. And as we get more meat, we'll be able to fill more of that. We know that whole birds cleared really well this holiday season. And that bodes well as we head into the next holiday season. And then I do think for us, this is all about what happens with AI, and we'll know a lot more here in the next couple of months as to what, if any, impact it will have in the business. But yes, we've not changed our outlook and feel like there's still plenty of opportunities to drive a strong performance even as the breast meat market has gone lower.
Adam Samuelson : Okay. And then if I could just ask one last follow-up, and this inventory question has come up in a lot of different ways. But I guess I'm struck with the new reporting structure and the new segment structure kind of there's a little bit less kind of connectivity between some of the plants and the end sales channels than there might have been before. There's always some disparity, but you now have like bacon going through two different channels versus one previously or two reporting units? And how are you thinking about kind of the ownership on working capital and kind of tying performance of business leaders to not just segment profit or sales but also whether it's a cash flow return on net asset kind of metric that I don't think has been a big part of the incentive compensation structure previously.
Jim Snee : Yes. So Adam, I mean, the flow of the product through the sales side really hasn't changed. And we've had the bacon example you mentioned, we've had it going into retail, and we've had it going into foodservice the same way that we always have. If anything, this structure actually centralizes and creates less confusion in terms of who has responsibility with -- Deanna now overseeing retail. And it's really, really helpful. We do have elements of our incentive that are -- that do take into account return on invested capital. We use that more as a modifier to make sure that the team continues to keep an eye on that because we know how important it is. But we're not -- we don't have any plans to change the rate of that as an element of compensation. We feel like we've got the proper oversight to drive improvement over time.
Jacinth Smiley : Yes. And just for -- just to clarify or just to emphasize, the GoFWD structure hasn't in any way mudded up the waters in terms of how we look at the business and how incentives are aligned to drive the results. It actually does a complete opposite. And now there is very clear delineation and transparency in terms of objectives in driving the results and the outcome for the business.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-11-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Dahlstrom, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Dahlstrom: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim will provide a review of the company's fourth quarter and full year results and update on the company's go-forward initiative and a perspective on fiscal 2023. Jacinth will provide detailed financial results and further commentary on the fiscal 2023 outlook. The line will be open for questions following Jacinth’s remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you’re welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today, Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 877-344-7529 and the access code is 9562037. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com, under the Investors section. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance. These non-GAAP measures include organic net sales and net debt to EBITDA. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release and fourth quarter earnings supplement, which can be accessed from our corporate website and is also located on our investor website, investor.hormelfoods.com. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2022 was a return to growth for our business as we delivered record sales and double-digit earnings growth compared to last year. Fiscal 2022 marked the third consecutive year of record sales and the second most profitable year in our company's 131-year history. In addition to achieving strong year-over-year growth, our team made considerable progress on our six strategic priorities. First, we continued our efforts to protect and grow our core brands. Sales in our retail channel increased 7% in fiscal 2022, led by brands such as SPAM, SKIPPY, Hormel Natural Choice, Dinty Moore, Hormel Square Table entree, and Mary Kitchen. Of note, the SPAM family of products achieved its eighth consecutive year of record growth. Second, we made progress amplifying our presence in snacking and entertaining. We delivered excellent growth on the Columbus and Hormel Gatherings brand, and we have successfully integrated the Planters business. We have a powerhouse of brands with the goal of becoming the leading solutions provider in the snacking and entertainment space. Third, we saw growth from our ethnic and food forward portfolios. Both our MegaMex joint venture and Applegate business achieved sales milestones this fiscal year, driving growth behind the WHOLLY, Herdez and Applegate brands, respectively. These businesses are well positioned in the marketplace due to their strong and reputable brands, on-trend innovation and loyal consumer bases. Fourth, we continue to expand our leadership position in food service. Sales in the foodservice channel grew 20% compared to last year, as operators again turn to our items to help solve for labor pressures and to diversify menu offerings. We drove excellent growth in this critically important channel, highlighted by brands such as Bacon 1, Austin Blues, Hormel Fire Braised and Café H. Our foodservice portfolio and direct selling organization remain key differentiators and growth catalysts for the company. Fifth, we invested into our international business, as we look to aggressively develop our global presence. In fiscal 2022, we commissioned a state-of-the-art innovation center, supporting the Asia Pacific region and approved another capacity investment to support our growth in China. Our international business is expected to be a significant growth driver for the company. And finally, we continue to transform our company. We made noteworthy progress on our transformational efforts at Jennie-O Turkey Store and lay the groundwork for the next step in our evolution as a global branded food company, our go-forward initiative. We also made considerable progress on our 20 By 30 Challenge. Some of the year's highlights included: matching 100% of our domestic energy use in fiscal 2022 with renewable sourcing; remaining on track to have an approved science-based target for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 2023, becoming a major sponsor of up to 50,000 acre regenerative agriculture pilot project in Central and Southeast Minessota; announcing our commitment to create a food secure community program in Austin, Minnesota, with the additional goal of sharing the blueprint and findings globally. We are making a difference, thanks to the incredible work and dedication of our team members, partners and suppliers. Our team showed tremendous resolve to deliver growth in fiscal 2022. The team overcame broad-based inflationary pressures, supply chain disruptions, the impacts from highly pathogenic avian influenza, or HPAI, and numerous headwinds in our international business. I want to express my sincere gratitude to the team for their dedication, hard work and for demonstrating our results matter mentality again this past year. In the fourth quarter, our team delivered diluted earnings per share comparable with record results last year and last year included an additional week of sales. These results further demonstrate that our brands remain healthy and the strategic investments we have made are enabling growth. We achieved another quarter of organic sales growth, led by our center store grocery portfolio and solid performances from our foodservice businesses. Segment profit growth was due to the Jennie-O Turkey Store segment as the team again managed Turkey supply effectively and maximized operational performance. We also made progress across our supply chain to increase production capabilities and restore inventories on key product lines. Fill rates for retail, deli and foodservice items all improved compared to last year and the third quarter. As we announced in August, we recently began transitioning our business to a new strategic operating model. As of October 31, we have moved to three operating segments: retail, foodservice and international. Over the last month, we have been working to create a unified retail organization with scale, experience, expertise and passion to grow our almost $8 billion portfolio of brands. We are approaching customers differently, bringing together subject matter experts from across our businesses to find growth opportunities and execute strategies in the marketplace. We are leading with a more food-forward mentality, thinking and acting differently in the ways we position our brands with consumers. This has created new opportunities that were not easily executed in our old model. And we are working with a newly created brand fuel team to ignite the potential of our products in store and on shelf. And these early successes are not limited to our retail team. Our combined foodservice team will further leverage the scale of planters in the convenience store channel, while assuming full control of the company's foodservice Turkey business, including the Jennie-O brand. Though we are only in the initial stages of the implementation, we are receiving positive responses from our customers and operators. Our immediate focus is to accelerate the execution of our six strategic priorities while continuing to meet the needs of our customers, consumers and operators. Specific to the first quarter, our teams will be working to adopt the new organizational design, management structures and accountabilities. The teams will be working to continue the work to integrate Jennie-O Turkey Store into the company's one supply chain and new operating segments. And our teams will be working to stand up the brand fuel Center of Excellence, which will house enterprise-wide brand management expertise, e-commerce capabilities, insights-led innovation and analytical support to better enable data-driven decisions. Earnings will be reported under this structure beginning with the release of fiscal 2023 first quarter results in early March. We will be supplying recast financial information for fiscal years 2021 and 2022 in February 2023. The deliberate and thoughtful steps we have taken thus far are all about better aligning our structure with our proven strategy to create the Hormel Foods of the future. We are excited for the additional collaboration, capabilities and value we will realize from this transition and remain confident in our ability to drive long-term sustainable growth. Turning to our outlook. We expect to grow both sales and earnings in fiscal 2023. We enter fiscal 2023 well positioned for the current macroeconomic climate and expect top line growth from all three of our new segments: retail, foodservice and international. In retail, we expect demand for our center store grocery business to remain strong as consumers continue to seek products and brands that offer high value, versatility and convenience. We expect growth from Planters and the rest of our snacking and entertaining businesses, including the Columbus and Gatherings brands. Planters will be rolling out meaningful innovation throughout the year to complement and expand on the new flavor varieties and packaging introduced in fiscal 2022. We expect to benefit from the investments we have made in additional Black Label bacon and Hormel Pepperoni capacity and are excited for the new SPAM capacity to be operational in the first half of the year. And lastly, we expect a recovery in turkey volumes in the back half of the year, allowing our teams to continue to create a demand-oriented and optimized turkey portfolio. This is heavily dependent on any future impacts to the supply chain from HPAI. We expect that the pricing actions taken over the past few quarters should result in a benefit to net sales in fiscal 2023. However, we have also accounted for additional impacts from elasticities as these new pricing actions are adopted in the marketplace. To help mitigate risk to our retail volumes, we plan to increase advertising and brand investment, make further progress on our efforts to continue to improve fill rates and return to full assortments across our leading platforms. We plan to deliver innovation across the portfolio. We'll leverage the capabilities of go forward, which include our well-established revenue growth management and digital experience teams, our combined direct selling organization and our newly created Brand Fuel team. In Foodservice, we are expecting another year of growth from our solutions-based portfolio and direct selling team. We entered the year from a position of strength after two consecutive years of robust growth during the industry recovery. The consistent inroads our teams have made over time, including during previous economic slowdowns to diversify our presence in emerging and non-commercial channels will help us navigate through future market volatility and uncertainty. Additionally, the team plans to leverage the Planters and Jennie-O brands to make further gains in the convenience and K-12 channels, respectively. Our international business had a challenging year in 2022, but we expect a strong return to growth in fiscal 2023. Demand for our products globally is robust, and our production capabilities and inventory levels are healthy to support this demand. We believe that many of the export challenges we experienced this past year will gradually subside. Like many, we are currently monitoring the situation in China. We are actively engaged with our in-country management team and are prioritizing the health, safety and well-being of our team members. This team has been resilient in the face of numerous challenges and will continue to deliver growth with balance between retail and foodservice. From an overall bottom line perspective, we anticipate earnings growth to be driven by our foodservice and international segments and improvements across the supply chain. We expect to operate in a volatile, complex and high-cost environment again in fiscal 2023, which is why we are increasingly focused on reducing costs and inefficiencies as part of our One Supply Chain initiative. We have a strong track record of consistently capturing approximately $75 million per year of supply chain savings through our continuous improvement programs. Though these efforts continued over the last three years, the benefits have been masked by pandemic-related impacts, labor shortages, industry-wide supply chain disruption and most recently, broad-based inflation. We will continue to identify and capture cost savings opportunities, find the efficiencies and drive unnecessary costs out of our system. We fully expect that over time, these actions, in addition to the benefits of broader market stabilization will result in more normalized operating margins for our business. Taking all of these factors into account, we expect full year net sales of $12.6 billion to $12.9 billion and diluted earnings per share of $1.83 to $1.93 per share. We have continued to benefit from our balanced business model, which is not heavily dependent on any one channel, protein, input or product category. We also have a dedicated well-respected, experienced and stable management team that has again proven their ability to navigate and grow our business in volatile market conditions. Our long-term strategy to meet consumers where they want to eat with a broad portfolio of trusted brands and products will continue to be a key differentiator for our business, helping to drive growth for our customers and operators. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley to discuss more detailed financial information and provide more color on key drivers to the fiscal 2023 outlook.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I want to start my remarks by congratulating Jim Snee. Jim was recently recognized as the 2022 Responsible CEO of the Year for transformative leadership by 3BL Media. During the award ceremony, Dave Armon, CEO of 3BL Media said and I quote, “The world needs business leaders who are operating with their eyes wide open and using the power of their businesses to bring forward meaningful ESG programs and policies to operate in a transparent manner”. Jim truly embodies these characteristics. We at Hormel Foods are honored to witness firsthand Jim's leadership style and be part of the difference our company is making to inspire a change, lift communities and bring people together. Congratulations, Jim, on this well-deserved recognition. The company achieved a record full year net sales of $12.5 billion, up 9% from a year ago. Net sales for the fourth quarter were $3.3 billion, a 5% decline from the prior year, which included an additional week. Organic net sales increased 2% for the fourth quarter. Operating income for the fourth quarter and the full year increased 3% and 17%, respectively, overcoming the additional week of sales last year. Strong results from Jennie-O Turkey Store segment, higher foodservice sales, pricing actions to mitigate inflationary pressures and the inclusion of the Planters business were the primary drivers to earnings growth during the year. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.51 was comparable to the record quarterly earnings set last year. Diluted earnings per share for the full year were $1.82, a 10% increase. The company's actions to offset inflationary pressures were evident in the fourth quarter. Operating margin of 11.2% was significantly ahead of 9.6% in the third quarter. Operating margin for the year was 10.5%, an improvement versus operating margin of 9.9% last year. For the full year, SG&A as a percentage of sales fell to 7.1% from 7.5% last year. Advertising spend increased 14% compared to last year with higher investments seen across every segment. In fiscal 2023, we are again planning higher investments to support key brands, including Planters, SPAM, SKIPPY, Columbus, BLACK LABEL, Hormel Pepperoni and Jennie-O. Net unallocated expenses in 2022 decreased due to Planters acquisition costs last year. In fiscal 2022, higher interest expense and investment losses on the Rabi Trust net of associated deferred compensation, negatively impacted earnings by approximately $0.05. The effective tax rate for the year was 21.7%, compared to 19.3% last year. The effective tax range for fiscal 2023 is expected to be 21% to 23%. The company again generated strong and consistent cash flow with operating cash flow increasing 13%, compared to last year. We generated more than $1 billion in cash from operations, allowing us to invest in future growth, return a record amount of cash to shareholders in the form of dividends, supporting ongoing business needs and increase our cash balance to nearly $1 billion. We invested $279 million in capital projects in 2022. The company's target for capital expenditures in 2023 is $350 million, which includes investment in value-added capacity, technology, and automation to increase production and drive long-term savings and efficiencies. As Jim mentioned earlier, we recently approved another significant expansion to our operations in China, which we expect to come in operation in fiscal 2024. We returned a record amount of cash to shareholders in the form of dividends in 2022. We paid over $550 million in dividends during the year, including our 377th consecutive quarterly dividend, effective November 15. We announced a 6% increase in the dividend for fiscal 2023, marking the 57th consecutive year of dividend increases. Our strong financial position also allows us to continue sharing our successes with our team members. For fiscal 2022, we will share approximately $20 million with the team, including our annual profit sharing for the 84th consecutive year. Remaining investment grade is a top priority for the company. The company ended the year with $3.3 billion of debt. On a net basis, we're below our stated goal of 1.5 to two times EBITDA. Our first debt repayment related to the Planters acquisition is due June 2024 with a fixed rate of 65 basis points. Our total outstanding debt is fixed, with an average yield of 1.7%. As Jim previously mentioned, we expect sales and earnings growth in fiscal 2023. I want to revisit some of the comments we made in our third quarter earnings call, in the context of our fourth quarter results and outlook for 2023. Heading into the fourth quarter, we cited the impact of an escalation in certain operational, logistical and inflationary costs. Generally, these assumptions played out as expected, and we anticipate similar trends in fiscal 2023. We made additional progress across the supply chain during the fourth quarter and are becoming more efficient and productive. Fill rates improved compared to last year and the third quarter. We continue to see increased applicant and hiring flow at our production facilities. Our focus is on onboarding and training new team members and creating a best-in-class experience throughout our operations. Freight and warehousing expenses remain elevated during the quarter. We saw signs of moderation in the domestic freight environment as truck availability improved, though higher diesel prices offset a portion of this benefit. Higher warehousing expenses were driven by a recovery in our inventory levels and industry-wide labor challenges. In 2023, we expect some of this pressure to be offset by savings from the work the team has been doing to control freight expenses and expand our logistics network. Prices on key protein inputs generally declined during the quarter, except for port trim, higher priced inventory was a headwind in the quarter as we worked through inventory produced during the summer commodity peaks. Protein prices are expected to remain volatile in fiscal 2023. Additionally, we expect packaging, energy and labor costs to remain elevated or increase in 2023 and for upstream challenges to persist. Actions by our One Supply Chain team will be key to managing and mitigating additional cost escalation in these areas. Beginning in fiscal 2023, our Turkey business will primarily reside in the retail and foodservice segment. HPAI has reemerged this fall and this unprecedented event has affected our vertically integrated supply chain at about one-third of the magnitude of the spring event. We now anticipate the impacts for HPAI to reduce production volume in our Turkey facilities through at least the first half of fiscal 2023. Breast meat prices remain historically high and have yet to moderate. Our team has done an exceptional job managing through disruptions caused by HPAI. Reflected in our guidance range or assumptions for higher pension expense and higher feed costs for our Turkey business. Taken together, these costs are approximately $0.15 of headwind specific to fiscal 2023. In addition to these costs, we have planned incremental investment against One Supply Chain and go forward supporting areas such as infrastructure, automation, data analytics, brand support and investment in innovation capabilities. In closing, I am extremely excited about Go Forward and our plans to unlock even more potential from our now $12 billion uncommon company. We have a long track record of successfully evolving our company, which is a credit to our strong management team and our inspired team members around the world, better aligning our structure with our strategy, which is at the core of this transition positions us well into 2023 and for the long-term. Said simply, Go Forward ensures that we will continue to deliver on our commitment to our team members, customers and shareholders. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Q – Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. Jim, I'm just curious, like, in the overall protein complex and understanding that protein is now a much smaller portion of your overall business than maybe it was historically. But your single biggest input is still pork and that seems to have been less deflationary at this point than the other proteins, beef is down pretty substantially; chicken, obviously, has come off materially. Just curious about your outlook over the next 12 months, what is it going to take to get some of these port prices and particularly the cuts that you buy to kind of match the other proteins that we're seeing in terms of how deflationary they've been? And maybe how that might end up pulling through your business, both from a top line and margin standpoint?
A – Jim Snee: Yeah. Thanks, Peter. Good morning. Pork is still a very important part of our complex, as you described. And for us, we think that pork still represents a great value to consumers. As we're looking into 2023 end markets, although we expect some moderate relief are still going to run well above five-year averages. And we've also seen a lot of volatility throughout the last several years, and that's what we really have talked about is it's not so much the point to point, but some of the volatility that occurs. The other thing that we're watching very, very closely is the export element in terms of what's happening with pork. So one of the things to consider is as turkey prices are higher, we're seeing bone-in hams be exported at an accelerated rate. And then the other thing is just thinking about the continued labor challenges that are out there. And so one of our key inputs across a lot of our business is pork trim. And if the labor is not there to do the necessary boning to get the trim, then we're not going to see that relief. So there are a lot of variables at play, but we know that there are things that we can control. We know that our brands are going to remain strong. The work that we're doing to drive that demand is very successful. And now we just need some of these other variables that are outside of our control to play out more favorably for us.
Q – Peter Galbo: Got it. No, that's helpful. Thank you. And Jacinth, maybe if I could ask a two-parter or just on some of the moving pieces in the guidance for 2023. Of the $0.15 you mentioned that I think is a headwind from pension and turkey. Can you just break down for us what exactly the pension piece is versus the feed costs? And then also just within the guidance, I don't think I heard any mention on MegaMex, I think avocado prices have gotten more favorable. So any commentary there as well? Thanks very much.
Jacinth Smiley : Yes. Good morning. So yes, so the pension and feed costs definitely headwinds as we go into 2023. The split between the two is about $0.10 related to feed and $0.05 related to pension costs. And as it relates to our MegaMex business, we expect avocado prices to continue to go down. So that will translate into positive impact for us on our MegaMex business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yes. Hi, good morning everyone, and thanks for taking my question. Jim, could you elaborate maybe a little more on the dynamics and what you're seeing amongst consumers around the elasticity. So you've talked a little bit about it in the prepared remarks, but it would be nice to understand what's like kind of embedded within your guidance on top line, how much of a decline in volume, you kind of anticipate based on the pricing you've done more recently, which obviously still remains a tailwind, particularly in the first fiscal half, because of the prices that you've just implemented more recently. So that would be my first question. Thank you.
Jim Snee : Yes. Good morning. Ben. So, I mean, it varies category-by-category. As you know, we've got some categories where the elasticities are performing at more historical levels. I think probably our legacy grocery products, which show a big part of that being our new convenience meals pillar. But then we've got some others where we're seeing elasticity, but not quite to the rate that we would have historically. The thing that is positive for us is, we're not seeing anything above historical levels for elasticity. And so that, let's say, a really, really good thing. The other part that we need to make sure we're thinking about is our foodservice business. A significant part of our overall portfolio. That business -- the demand continues to remain strong. Portfolio is well positioned, and that team is just doing a great job not only driving new demand, but also taking share.
Ben Theurer: Perfect. And then just on the CapEx number, can you elaborate a little bit on like what part of that is how much of that is maintenance? How much is maybe what you didn't execute or initially may plan to execute in 2022 and then couldn't how much a rollover, how much is maintenance and how much is really dedicated new CapEx for 2023?
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. So we have -- in the plan for 2023, the $350 million of CapEx plan of that, the maintenance portion is fairly consistent with what we have on a yearly basis at about $125 million of that number. I mean in terms of rollover, we certainly have pieces coming over from last year, which is relating to our SPAM and on our China expansion that we're doing.
Jim Snee: Yeah. And just on that note, Ben, as we've said in our comments, SPAM capacity will come online the early part of 2023. And then really the China capacity that Jacinth references will really come online until 2024.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning, guys.
Jim Snee: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Two questions. One is, when you think about your pricing actions, which categories have you taken pricing to cover the cost? Which ones do you still need to take pricing to cover the costs? And then I have a follow-up.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I think as you think about our portfolio, again, going back to our legacy Grocery Products portfolio. We've taken significant pricing but haven't quite covered down all of the inflation that we're seeing. But as part of that, and you know this, Ken, is we're being very sensitive to some of the price gaps that are out there in the category. So we've had to watch that closely. We're seeing some of those gaps start to narrow as others are moving. So that's a good thing. And then we are continuing to look at certain categories. But as always, we're going to have to be very, very strategic. But I would say, as we think about our overall portfolio, that's probably the biggest gap that we have.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. You gave guidance kind of on the top line. You didn't give a feel for the operating profit, which ones of the divisions you'll see – even if you do high, low, medium, more than average, less than average. Any sort of commentary on the profit growth outlook by division would be quite helpful, just particularly given that you're changing divisions, and we don't have the same sort of history of understanding how those margins will kind of evolve. So any sort of commentary on that would be really appreciated?
Jim Snee: Yeah. I think in our prepared remarks, Ken, we talked about growth really being driven by foodservice and international. As I said, we expect our foodservice business to remain strong. Our current demand is very positive. Portfolio is well positioned. Our international business, we expect to bounce back and some of those headwinds moderate. The retail business, which is experiencing the biggest change in this new operating model is certainly going to have the impact of some of the feed costs that Jacinth has talked about. So consistent with what we said in the prepared remarks, we really expect the drivers of the growth to be foodservice and international.
Ken Zaslow: So when you were talking about it, and I don't want to ask a third question, I understand that. But when you were talking about it, you were talking about the sales or the operating profit. I thought during the commentary, you were mostly talking about sales, but you will – you think it applies to the operating profit as well. I just want to clarify, and then I'll leave it there.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Think about both of them that way, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yep.
Ken Zaslow: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. I actually have a bunch of questions here. You said that, feed costs are going to be the biggest headwind for retail in fiscal 2023. Is that because Turkey, like the majority of Turkey will be lumped into it. And just in the context of all these other retail businesses that are now catching up to margins, it just strikes me that the U.S. retail outlook is pretty soft. Like, most of your packaged food peers are catching up and exceeding last year's gross margins, because of all the pricing they've taken. So, what's different here? Is it just turkey, or are there other things? Hello?
Operator: Hello. Pardon, everyone. This is the conference operator. It looks like we've lost the speaker connection. I want to put music back on, and we'll be right back with you. We ask you please hold the line. Thank you. [Technical Difficulty] And everyone, we thank you for your patience. We've reconnected the speaker location. Mr. Moskow, if you can please repeat your question sir. Thank you.
Robert Moskow: Sure. So it was a question about the guidance for retail, I guess, for profits to be flattish or maybe even down in 2023. And you said it was because of feed cost, is that because the majority of Jennie-O will end up in retail. And ex that, would you have expected retail profits to grow? Because in comparison to all these other US packaged food companies, it seems like the next 12 months is characterized by pricing catching up to cost and gross margins re-expanding?
Jim Snee: Yeah. I think the way you're just -- Rob, first of all, our apologies. Secondly, the way you're describing it is correct and that the feed costs as you think about the value-added business, the whole bird business, a lot of the commodity business that will be flowing now into retail will be impacted by those higher feed cost as just described. So I mean absent that the rest of the business as we think about the pillars are very positive.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And could you help us a little bit just on your outlook for Turkey in fiscal 2023, because it must be a pretty wide range of outcomes given the uncertainties around AI. And is your outlook different for commodity than it is for value-add? Is it still very positive for commodity and weak for value-add? How should we think about it?
Jim Snee: Yeah. You're opening statement is correct. Again, Rob, is that there's a lot of uncertainty as we think about the jobs business going forward. On our last quarterly call, we had talked about us being back to more normalized levels after the first quarter. Now, we're talking about the back half of the year. And then everything that you just described really all depends on the meat availability in our system and then what's available elsewhere. So there is just a lot of uncertainty in the jobs business throughout 2023.
Robert Moskow: Can I assume that you're assuming flat profits in Turkey just as a starting point for 2023, or how should I think about it?
Jim Snee: Yeah. I mean, I think that's a good starting point. We've got feed costs. You've got breast meat markets, you've got supply. There's just so many variables there as we progress throughout the year. We'll certainly be keeping you well-advised.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Tom Palmer at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Thanks for the question. I wanted to get some clarity maybe on the expected earnings cadence for the year. You made mention, for instance, of certain pork cuts rolling over. It sounds like maybe we see more of a flow-through of that in the first quarter than we did in the fourth quarter. At the same time, there's some operational changes underway. Maybe those present some initial cost headwinds. So how does this shake out just as we think about earnings progression for the year?
Jim Snee: Good morning, Tom. As we're thinking about the earnings growth that we described, I mean we expect it to be fairly evenly distributed throughout the year, half one and half two. Clearly, we've identified the major impacts that are out there in terms of feed and the pension costs that we've already talked about several times. And as we go throughout the year, we we've talked about the need to really now find some supply chain savings. We've talked about the fact that we expect fill rates to improve -- continue to improve as we progress. We've got some pricing that will continue to roll forward. International, we expect to moderate and improve throughout the year. And so there are some things that will happen sequentially, but as we're looking at the business, we do expect it to be pretty evenly distributed between half one and half two.
Tom Palmer: Understood. Thank you. And then I just wanted to ask on the cash balance approaching $1 billion. You highlighted that there's really not any near-term debt due, and it's pretty low cost. So how should we think about deploying this? I mean is this -- you'll retire some debt in the coming year? Or is it more -- this is put aside as a way to effectively fund M&A without having to go to capital markets and maybe a higher interest rate environment? And then just with regards to that M&A side, I think you talked about international being an opportunity at the Investor Day. Is that still the priority, or just given macro uncertainty, should maybe domestic be more of a priority?
Jacinth Smiley: Good morning, Tom. So our capital allocation policy and approach will remain -- it still remains the same. And so, yes, I mean, we're happy that we continue to generate very strong cash flow, and we will continue to deploy it strategically as it relates to paying down the debt. We still believe that is not the best use of our cash today. Our first payment doesn't come due until 2024. And so again, we'll continue to be strategic. We're continuing to look at opportunities from an M&A perspective and aligning those with our six strategic priorities. And so that is really how we'll think about deploying our funds, paying our dividends, continuing to remain a dividend aristocrat. That's very important to us. And in terms of the cadence of how we deploy the funds, as I talked about, that still remains consistent with our strategic approach for deploying our cash.
Jim Snee: And from an M&A perspective, Tom, we are still very interested in international opportunities. We believe that we can continue to leverage what we've built in Asia Pacific, China. We've talked a lot about snacking and entertaining as we built out the SKIPPY portfolio, the Planters portfolio, also the work that we've done in Brazil. So international certainly remains a key area for us as we're thinking about the acquisition front.
Tom Palmer: Right. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning. And thanks for taking my question. So I wanted to just go back to top-line growth of 1% to 3% growth. I was just curious if you can just again walk through the key puts and takes there. At least to me, it seems a little lighter than we thought going into this year.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Rupesh. I think there are -- just like you described, lots of puts and takes. We do know that we're going to have some positive impact from pricing. We expect strong growth, foodservice and international. We are bringing more capacity online in 2023. But then we also know that we've got elasticities that will be somewhat of an offset. But as we've already talked about, really the biggest wildcard in terms of the top-line for next year is jobs. And so knowing that we're dealing with this unprecedented fall event and it's already pushed back what we expect to be a more normalized level by a quarter. We have to wait and see what happens in the spring time. And so, really, that's the biggest unknown as we think about our sales outlook in 2023.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay, great. That's helpful color. And then, just on the US consumer. Obviously, you guys are seeing great strength in your Grocery Products business and you're seeing strength of foodservice. So just curious how you think about the consumer just based on your vantage points in both channels.
Jim Snee: As we're thinking about 2023, it's continued strength. The brands are doing well. All of the scan data for the most recent 13 weeks are showing really positive dollar sales growth. As you said, the foodservice business just continues to do really, really well, not only finding new opportunities, but they're also doing a really nice job of taking share.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please, go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Jim Snee: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: I just wanted to unpack pricing a little bit. And, I guess, just would love to understand in your guidance. Does it factor in -- can you quantify roughly what amount of pricing is included in the growth outlook? And how much is that, just -- are you counting on just the pricing you've already taken flowing through, rolling into next year, or do you anticipate new pricing actions on top of that?
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning, Michael. What we've not factored in there right now are the pricing actions that we've taken. And so, again, if you think about the grocery products pricing that went into place in the fourth quarter, our Jennie-O Turkey Store pricing that we put in place really also in the fourth quarter. On the refrigerated side of the business, we've taken pricing on pepperoni. And so, we've got some pretty significant wraparound pricing there. And as we're thinking about 2023, just what I said earlier is, we're really watching the price gaps in the categories. We have to be very responsible. We are seeing some gaps close. And we're also looking at those areas where we can be a bit more precise and strategic. So what we have in there today is already what we've taken, but we are assessing where there are those opportunities and where it's necessary going forward.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And just on the margin outlook and maybe not necessarily specific to next year or fiscal 2023. It seems like you're guiding for some modest margin expansion. But as you think about just where margin levels were two, three years ago, how much can you restore that, or how long does it take? What's sort of the outlook as far as the margin build going forward?
Jim Snee: Yes. As we're thinking about it, the headwinds that we've covered down or had to cover down over the last several years are pretty significant. And the team has done a great job, when we think about some of the commodity costs that we've had, we've talked a lot about freight and warehousing costs. So as we think about relief from some markets, we've got in still incredibly high markets, some of the packaging costs. We've got to do a better job of taking costs out of our supply chain and our operations. And so it's all of those things that we need to focus on, but also get some moderation on, which to say is going to happen in any specific point in time. If we've learned anything over the last three years is that's really hard to do. But thinking about the things that we can control and focusing on those things is really what's going to allow us to continue on this journey of margin expansion.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Eric Larson at Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Yes. Thanks. I hope everybody had -- thanks for taking my question. I hope everybody had a good Turkey Day. I was thinking that you could have given your employees a really nice nontaxable bonus just by giving turkey this year.
Jim Snee: You should have called us sooner.
Eric Larson: Exactly. So Jim, I, like others, we're just kind of struggling to kind of think through the process of your new structure, which we will eventually get used to. But for people like me, I've been looking at your business this way previously -- it's measured in decades, as you know. So, I guess my first question that I want to ask is -- I think you've now -- and it relates to your commodity sales business -- your commodity sales, your commodity pork sales, which I think you now have effectively by contract. I don't think you have much of that anymore. And I'd like an update on that as well. And then, the commodity sales also for Jennie-O, I know I don't have a huge Foodservice business, but why would Foodservice not participate in some of the ups and downs in the commodity pricing market, given that neither retail nor foodservice would be responsible for that commodity business solely? So, how do the commodity sales for all the stuff kind of land in your new retail, foodservice, international structure?
Jim Snee: Yes. Great question, Eric. So, a couple of things. I mean as we head into this new operating model, I mean, clearly, we're going to continue to provide clarity and education. The key takeaway in all of this is really about how we are able to align our strategy with our structure. And although we've had all of our different reporting segments historically, we haven't had it as well aligned as it could be. So that's really where we're heading. David and the team will obviously be spending a lot of time on the education front to make sure everybody understands what is, where and why. From a Jennie-O perspective, as we think about how that commodity business in particular falls, it will fall between our retail and international business. And so there will be elements that will fall in both. When the other part of it, as you mentioned, is the foodservice piece, is there's still a significant Jennie-O business in our Foodservice segment. And then the other part you mentioned was just in regards to traditional pork commodity sales. And that business, I mean, our team has done just a great job over the last number of years, finding ways to really derisk the business, derisk the commodity side. And right now, we're less than 10%. And so that's a journey that we've been on for a very long time. We continue to stay focused on that. And the team has just done a great job. So hopefully, that gives you a little more clarity. But just so you know, as we get into 2023, we'll have those opportunities for education and further discussion.
Eric Larson: Okay. Thanks guys. I appreciate the time.
Jim Snee: Yep.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, everyone. This is Arthur on for Adam. If you could just talk to us about how Jennie-O performed relative to your expectations. It looks like volume declines weren't nearly as much as we had anticipated and you had noted in the last quarter's call. And if you could also give us some color on -- to whatever extent you can, margin headwinds from fixed cost under absorption and how pricing, specifically commodity pricing affected that or offset that? Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning, Arthur. I would say that our Jennie-O business was actually in line with our expectations. And what we have said for the back half of last year, when we first started to see the outbreak was that we were going to have a 30% decline in volume in the back half of the year, and that's almost exactly what we saw. So the volume piece was accurate. Clearly, the drivers or what happened with the breast meat market, obviously, whole birds, so there's always a lot of moving parts. But I would say that, by and large, it met our expectations. And then I'm sorry, I missed the second part of the question.
Unidentified Analyst: Just to what extent fixed cost under absorption was a headwind on margins? And what offset you had on pricing?
Jim Snee: Yes. Arthur, I think David is going to have some follow-up calls. So maybe we'd be better served to handle that there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yes.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management continue for any closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you all for joining us this morning. As we close the book on our fiscal 2022, I want to once again thank our team for delivering such strong results for the fourth quarter and full year. I also want to thank the entire team for their hard work, as we embark on our new operating model. We still have work to do, but their efforts to date have been nothing short of outstanding as we create the Hormel Foods of the future. As we go forward into 2023, I want to wish all of you a happy, healthy and safe holiday season.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-09-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Webcast and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to David Dahlstrom, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
David Dahlstrom: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2022. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim will provide a review of the Company's third quarter results and update on business initiatives and a perspective on the remainder of fiscal 2022. Jacinth will provide detailed financial results and further commentary on the third quarter and our outlook. The line will be open for questions following Justin's remarks. As a courtesy to other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you're welcome to back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today, Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is (877) 344-7529 and access code is 1874087. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to our most recent annual report and Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the Company's operating performance. These non-GAAP measures include organic volume, organic net sales, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share and net debt to EBITDA. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release and third quarter earnings supplement which can be accessed from our corporate website or located on our investor website, investor.hormelfoods.com. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. With the results we announced this morning, we have successfully achieved seven straight quarters of record sales and four consecutive quarters of earnings growth. In the current environment, this is an especially notable achievement. Over the last 12 months, we have delivered four consecutive quarters of record sales in excess of $3 billion. We've grown diluted earnings per share 15% compared to the trailing 12-month period. We've made considerable progress across our supply chain, including investments in capacity to support high-growth categories and improvement in the staffing levels, production volumes, inventories and fill rates. We've integrated our largest acquisition to-date with the Planters snack nuts business. We began transformational work on the Jennie-O Turkey Store segment while simultaneously managing through the impacts of HPAI. We further de-risked commodity profitability with a new pork supply agreement, we have generated over $1 billion in operating cash flow, and we've increased the dividend for the 56th consecutive year. Our experienced management team has again proven their ability to navigate and grow the business in volatile market conditions. And these results demonstrate that our business is built for growth, our brands remain vibrant and relevant, our strategies remain effective and our inspired team members around the world truly embody our results matter mentality. In the third quarter, we delivered another quarter of record sales and double-digit operating income growth. Our team's execution again played a pivotal role in growth this quarter. As together, we overcame significant challenges, including continued broad-based inflationary pressures, persistent upstream and downstream supply chain disruptions, limited turkey supply and impacts in China from COVID-related restrictions and temporary plant shutdowns. Double-digit operating income growth this quarter was led by outstanding contributions from Jennie-O Turkey Store and Refrigerated Foods. The Jennie-O Turkey Store team significantly outperformed our profit expectations for the quarter as the team effectively managed limited turkey supply and maximized operational performance, all while working to restore the impacted turkey farms across the supply chain. Refrigerated Foods delivered double-digit value-added earnings growth on retail and foodservice items, more than offsetting lower commodity profitability. Similar to prior quarters, our balanced business model was able to offset inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions, which were both significant headwinds during the quarter. Most importantly, our performance indicates our brands remain healthy and are generating growth. Consumers and operators have continued to engage with our brands due to their value, convenience and versatility. The team drove volume, sales and share gains at retail for brands such as SKIPPY, Hormel Gatherings, Hormel chili, Dinty Moore and Mary Kitchen. I would like to acknowledge the tremendous work and coordinated efforts of the SKIPPY team who supported our customers and the category this past quarter. We continue to drive growth across our premium retail brands for products such as Applegate natural and organic meats and Columbus charcuterie. We also experienced an acceleration across our center store portfolio, which is firmly aligned with the value shopper. The Grocery Products segment delivered strong organic volume and sales growth during the quarter and is well positioned to grow as consumers seek flexibility, versatility and yield at lower price points. Demand for foodservice products remained elevated as well as operators again turn to our items to help mitigate labor pressures and diversify menu offerings. Value-added products such as our premium bacon and sausage, sliced meats and line of premium prepared proteins performed exceptionally well this quarter. We saw great demand for brands, including Austin Blues, Natural Choice, Bacon 1, Cafe H and Old Smokehouse. Regardless of channel, our brands have responded well to the pricing actions we have taken over the past 18 months even as current macroeconomic conditions pressure some of our customers, consumers and operators. The demand environment has remained favorable, especially for food and convenient meal solutions. We have seen this in the positive syndicated data for many of our Grocery and Refrigerated Products and in the momentum behind our branded foodservice items. In some cases, demand is still outpacing our ability to fully supply. Our broad portfolio of products spanning value tiers, eating occasions and channels positions us well. We anticipate some additional impact from elasticities as new pricing actions are reflected in the marketplace and we have accounted for this in our outlook. To date, the impact of price elasticities have been muted by other factors such as distribution and assortment gains, and as we have increased production to drive improved fill rates. Our teams remain keenly focused on the long-term needs of the business, our strategic priorities, and protecting the equity of our brands. Hormel Foods has a history of continuously evolving to become a better, more agile and more balanced global branded food company. In early August, we announced the next step in our strategic evolution, our Go Forward initiative. Effective October 31 of this year, the beginning of fiscal 2023, we will be organizing the business into three empowered segments: retail, foodservice and international. As a result of this initiative, we expect to elevate our clear strategic growth priorities; better align the business to the needs of our customers, consumers and operators; deepen our sales capabilities; simplify our approach to customers and operators; and enable faster decision-making. The three new segments will continue to be supported by the Company's One Supply Chain team and corporate functions. We are a much different company today than we were even a decade ago. Since the acquisition of SKIPPY in 2013, we have shifted to becoming a global branded food company with a food-forward mentality and a growing set of leading brands across channels. This shift has involved a series of intentional and strategic actions, including numerous strategic acquisitions focused on snacking and entertaining, growing our branded leadership positions in retail and foodservice and expanding our geographic footprint.  It includes regular evaluations of the portfolio, which in some cases led to divestitures of businesses where we identified a better long-term owner; includes a rightsizing of our pork supply chain, including the divestiture of two hog harvest facilities and the entry into long-term pork supply agreements. It includes the creation of One Supply Chain, which centralized operations, logistics and sourcing decisions to drive the efficiencies for the total company. The modernization of our technology and e-commerce capabilities, including Project Orion and the creation of the Digital Experience Group and most recently, the transformational efforts at Jennie-O Turkey Store, this next step, a new operating model is a culmination of these recent strategic actions. As part of the Go Forward initiative, we will be folding in the important work we've been doing to transform the Jennie-O Turkey Store segment. As we said, when we announced the transformational efforts, turkey will continue to play an important role in our company and will contribute to growth in both retail and foodservice. We remain on track to integrate all business functions, combine the Jennie-O Turkey Store supply chain into the broader Hormel Foods One Supply Chain and drive SG&A cost synergies of approximately $20 million to $30 million annually by fiscal 2023. Our successful transition to the new strategic operating model is dependent on strong leadership and execution from our teams. As previously disclosed, Deanna Brady, Mark Ourada and Swen Neufeldt will be leading the retail foodservice and international segments, respectively. Each of these leaders has over 25 years of experience with the Company and reputations for delivering results. Under their leadership, we expect to drive sustainable growth in line with our long-term growth goals of 2% to 3% top line growth and 5% to 7% bottom line growth. There has been a tremendous amount of what we've done on this initiative and more work to do in the coming months as we create the Hormel Foods of the future. We will provide more information on Go Forward next week at the Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference. We will also be releasing recast financial information during the first quarter of fiscal 2023 to aid in comparability to historical financial data. Earlier this week, we released our 2021 Global Impact Report, which details how we are advancing corporate responsibility, ESG, and our food journey at Hormel Foods. This is the 16th year we have published a report of this kind. Thanks to the incredible work and dedication of our team members, partners and suppliers, Hormel Foods is making a difference. We remain committed to our mission to be one of the top corporate citizens in the world and encourage you to review the report and the progress we have made to advance efforts through our 20 By 30 Challenge. Our business remains healthy even as we continue to navigate some of the most difficult operating conditions in the Company's 130-year history. Our revised full year guidance reflects both the continued top line strength we expect to see across our business and escalated cost pressures, which are impacting the back half of the year. For the full year, we are increasing our net sales expectations to $12.2 billion to $12.8 billion, and we are lowering our diluted earnings per share guidance range to $1.78 to $1.85 per share. There are two key takeaways from our guidance revision. One, we expect top line strength across our businesses to continue as our portfolio is well positioned for the current macroeconomic climate. And two, an escalation in certain operational, logistical and inflationary costs, which began impacting results in the third quarter, has lowered our earnings expectations for the back half of the year. However, we believe the majority of these cost pressures to be transient in nature and to subside over time. First, from a top line perspective, momentum remains very strong. We are confident in our ability to exceed our previous sales guidance due to strong demand for our foodservice and center store grocery brands, higher turkey markets, and the pricing actions we have taken across the portfolio. Our long-term strategy to meet consumers where they want to eat with a broad portfolio of products has been a key differentiator in the current environment. Second, we expect to absorb incremental costs in the fourth quarter related to certain operational, logistical and inflationary headwinds similar to what we experienced in the third quarter. In terms of magnitude, we view each of these cost buckets similarly. Starting with operational costs, we have made progress across our supply chain over the past year as a recovery in staffing levels has contributed to higher production volumes inventories and fill rates. As we said last quarter, inefficiencies related to new team members and turnover have impacted operations leading to higher costs. We continue to see this pressure in the third quarter and do not expect meaningful improvement for the balance of the year. We are also experiencing higher-than-expected freight and warehousing costs both domestically and for our international business. Freight rates have moderated recently, but this benefit has been more than offset by elevated fuel surcharges and significantly higher warehousing costs. Protein prices on key inputs have remained elevated compared to our expectations and historical averages. While we have mechanisms in place to manage the impact of elevated and volatile protein costs, markets have generally sustained higher price levels for longer than we anticipated in our previous outlook. We believe these cost pressures are transient and likely to subside over the coming quarters. We fully expect our One Supply Chain team to continue to improve over time as our teams effectively onboard, train and retain our new team members while striving to provide a best-in-class workplace experience. This is in addition to the investments we are making in automation and supply chain optimization. We also expect to benefit from the work the team has been doing to control freight expenses and capture the benefits from our recently expanded logistics network. Finally, we are starting to see a relief across key input cost markets that are better aligned to our expectations, which should present the opportunity for margin expansion in the coming quarters. The revision to guidance for the year is disappointing, but we will continue to manage the business for the long term as we navigate these difficult business conditions, leveraging our balanced business model and experienced management team. As I look beyond the fourth quarter, I have a high level of optimism regarding our future. We expect our brands to continue to perform well and plan to introduce an exciting slate of innovation in 2023. We anticipate improvements in our supply chain and the industry-wide supply chain as the broader markets stabilize. We expect turkey supply to normalize, allowing our teams to continue their work to create a demand-oriented and optimized turkey portfolio. We fully expect our international business to be a significant growth driver for the Company and to benefit from the investments we have made during the year, including the new Asia Pacific Innovation Center. And once implemented, our new strategic operating model will better align the businesses to the needs of our customers, consumers and operators to drive sustainable long-term growth. For all of these reasons and from the inspired work of our 20,000 team members around the world, I could not be more excited for the future of our company. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley to discuss financial information relating to the quarter and provide more color on key drivers to the outlook.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Record third quarter sales were $3 billion. Net sales and organic net sales increased 6% and 3%, respectively, compared to last year. Volume for the quarter was 1.1 billion pounds, down 9% compared to last year. Organic volume declined 11%. These declines were in line with our expectations and are attributable to our effort to rationalize lower-margin commodity port volume and lower turkey sales as a result of HPAI. These volume declines generally had strong underlying growth from many of the value-added businesses. Gross profit increased to $83 million compared to last year, a 20% increase. Gross profit margin was 16.7% compared to 14.8% last year. Improvement was driven primarily by strength in Jennie-O Turkey Store and the Refrigerated Foods in addition to strategic pricing actions to help offset inflationary pressures. SG&A expenses declined 2% in the third quarter as we lapped the Planters' acquisition-related expenses last year. SG&A as a percentage of sales for the third quarter decreased to 7.3% from 7.9% last year. We continued to generate strong sales and demonstrate disciplined cost management. We again increased the support for our leading brands. For the quarter, advertising expense increased 21% or approximately $0.01 per share. Advertising expenses have increased 29% year-to-date. Operating income increased 40% to $291 million. On a comparable basis, which removes the impact of Planters one-time costs last year, adjusted operating income increased 17%. Operating margin for the quarter was 9.6% compared to 7.2% last year. Adjusted operating margin was 8.7% last year. The effective tax rate was 24.5% for the quarter, up from 13.3% for the same period last year. Last year's rate reflected the benefit from a large volume of stock option exercises and a one-time foreign tax benefit. Our effective tax rate guidance range of 20.5% to 22.5% remains unchanged. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share of $0.40 represented a 25% increase compared to last year. On a comparable basis, adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 3%. The Company continued to generate consistent and strong cash flows. Operating cash flow for the third quarter increased 143% to $186 million and operating cash flow through the first three quarters increased 74% to $763 million. We paid our 376th consecutive quarterly dividend effective August 15 at an annual rate of $1.04 per share. This completes the 94th consecutive year of uninterrupted dividend payments to our shareholders. Capital expenditures in the third quarter were $61 million compared to $54 million last year. The fiscal 2022 target for capital expenditures is unchanged at $310 million. We are benefiting from new production capacity we have added to our system over the past year and remain on track to open new capacity for SPAM in the first half of fiscal 2023. Remaining investment grade is a top priority for the Company. Since acquiring Planters business last year, we have grown our cash position and EBITDA. On a net basis, we're now well within the stated goal of 1.5x to 2x EBITDA by 2023. Turning to our segment results for the quarter. Refrigerated Foods volume declined 18% and organic volume decreased 19% compared to last year. As referenced earlier, this anticipated decline in volume was primarily due to lower commodity sales resulting from the Company's new pork supply agreement. Sales increased 2% and organic sales increased 1%. Retail products, such as Applegate, natural and organic needs, Hormel's Gatherings party trays, Hormel Natural Choice sliced meats, Hormel Square Table Hormel entrees and Lloyd's Barbecue products grew volume and sales for the quarter while the Foodservice businesses delivered another excellent quarter. Refrigerated Foods segment profit increased 16% driven by strong results from the value-added businesses, more than offsetting higher operational and logistics costs and lower commodity profitability. Grocery Products volume increased 15% and sales increased 25%, led by strong demand across the Nut Butters. Mexican and Simple Meals portfolio and the addition of the Planters business. Organic volume increased 8% and organic sales increased 13%. Organic sales gains were led by products such as SKIPPY Spreads, WHOLLY Guacamole, Hormel Chile, Dinty Moore beef stew and Mary Kitchen hash. Segment profit declined 5% due to the impact from continued inflationary pressures and lower results from MegaMex. Jennie-O Turkey Store delivered another outstanding quarter despite challenges related to HPAI. Volume and sales declines were less than expected and segment profit increased by more than $30 million due to higher commodity prices and foodservice sales. For the International & Other segment, volume was down 11% and organic volume declined 12%. Net sales declined 5% and organic sales fell 6%. Higher global sales of SPAM Luncheon Meat and improved results in Brazil did not overcome an overall decline in export sales and lower sales in China. Export volumes declined because of current export logistics challenge and lower commodity sales due to the Company's new pork supply agreement. Sales in China was negatively impacted by COVID-related restrictions and temporary planned shutdowns. Segment profit declined 9% as growth in China did not offset the impact of lower export sales. We have revised our full year fiscal 2022 sales and earnings guidance ranges. Consolidated net sales are expected to exceed our previous expectations benefiting from continued top line strength and pricing actions implemented across the gross products portfolio at the start of the quarter. We project elasticities to remain below historical levels. From a segment perspective, we anticipate profit growth from the Jennie-O Turkey Store and International & Other and anticipate declines for Refrigerated Foods and Grocery Products. As a reminder, all segments benefited from an additional week of sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. Jennie-O Turkey Store remains on pace to exceed profit expectations for the year with significant profit growth in the fourth quarter. Sales volumes are projected to decline approximately in the fourth quarter due to continued supply gaps in its vertically integrated supply chain and whole bird sales pulled forward into the third quarter. Further, with the positive cases identified earlier this week in our supply chain, we expect the impact from HPAI to reduce production volume in our turkey facilities through at least the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. The International & Other segment anticipates growth in the fourth quarter driven by branded exports and improved profitability in China. Persistent shipping interruptions pose a risk to export sales and profit growth while additional COVID-related restrictions in China could pressure in-country results. Refrigerated Foods expects continued strength in the foodservice business and strong demand for its retail products. Profits will be pressured by higher raw material and operational and logistics costs. Lastly most of products expect improved results sequentially due to strong demand across the business and from pricing actions effective at the beginning of the fourth quarter. As Jim detailed, we continue to battle extreme input cost volatility and inflation during the third quarter and expect this to continue for the balance of the year. Our previous outlook assumed key protein markets to move seasonally lower into the fourth quarter. Given that prices on key inputs remained elevated for the majority of August, we are managing through higher-than-expected inventory costs to begin the quarter. We have seen some relief in these key markets over the past week which, if sustained, would benefit margins in the back half of the fourth quarter. Lower industry-wide turkey supplies are expected to keep prices higher near term. Breast meat prices set a record in the third quarter and have yet to moderate. Our team has done an exceptional job managing through disruptions caused by HPAI. We continue to see increased hiring and applicant flow at our production facilities. Inefficiencies and elevated production costs related to newer team members, turnover, absenteeism and overtime, have affected operations but should ease over time. Investments in value-added capacity are paying off strategically, including our pepperoni expansion in Omaha, new bacon lines at the Austin facility and the addition of co-manufacturing partners to support multiple product lines. We expect freight and warehousing costs for the domestic and international businesses to remain elevated, and our One Supply Chain team is actively looking for ways to drive efficiencies and control costs. In closing, I am excited for the next step in our evolution as a global branded food company, the Go Forward initiative. This will create greater focus on our six strategic priorities, better align our business to the needs of our customers, consumers and operators and position us well to drive sustainable long-term growth and shareholder value. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead with your question.
Rupesh Parikh: I want to start with the longer-term question, and I'm guessing this may have to wait until next week. But with your Go Forward initiative, which segments do you think will see the greatest impact from the structure change?
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean so obviously, the biggest impact is going to happen in our Retail segment. And that's really the segment that we're excited about all of them. But as we think about the opportunities for us to really accelerate progress on our six strategic priorities, that's the one that's going to have the biggest impact. So really being able to align the operating model with the strategic initiatives in a bigger way than we ever have before is really going to be exciting. Foodservice will have some impact as we move our -- some of our affiliated business in there and then also move the Jennie-O foodservice business in there. It will strengthen us in certain channels or segments like K-12. International will be the least impacted of all the three. So, really retail, then foodservice and then international.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay. Great. And then maybe one additional question. I'm not sure -- same thing, I'm not sure if you guys can comment on it. But if you look towards next year, like any early puts and takes on the operating margin line? I'm just trying to get a sense just given all the moving parts on your Jennie-O, some of the cost pressures whether you think you can actually expand operating margins versus your current guidance for this year?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean it's early to look into 2023. I mean as we're thinking about it, so far, we expect that our brands will continue to perform well in face of pricing. We talked about some of the innovation that we'll be able to bring to the marketplace as supply chain improves. We do expect to see some supply chain improvements. We talked about some of the operational challenges that we've had with new labor turnover, some variances that we hadn't planned for. We know that we've got to get better on that side. So, there's certainly going to be opportunities for us in 2023, also a recovery in our International segment as we think about maybe lockdowns of not being as frequent in China, exports being able to pick up. And then we do expect a benefit from our Go Forward initiative as we think about how we can really accelerate the progress on our six priorities.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Theurer: I actually wanted to elaborate a little bit, and you alluded to it on the sensitivities. So I want to understand if you could share a few more details and between the volume performance versus the pricing performance because it really feels pricing was a big driver during the quarter. Volume down, I get it in Refrigerated just because of like the change in the business model. But then, obviously, if we put it all together, it feels like volume was a little more under pressure. Would you assign this to certain elasticities because of the pricing actions? And how do you think you're going to be able to recover some of the volume over time if we look into fiscal '23?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean as we think about the business spend, clearly, really pleased with the overall health of the business and the performance in the quarter. You touched on it. We knew we were going to have some Refrigerated volume declines. Jennie-O clearly had volume declines tied to HPAI. Our Grocery Products business had strong volume growth. As you dig into some of the specific brands and categories, I would say probably the most softness we have was in the area of bacon, and a lot of that would be tied to the belly market and some of the escalated pricing that we saw throughout the quarter.
Ben Theurer: Perfect. And then just a quick follow-up, if I may, on the new operating model, and obviously, we can explore this more in detail next week. But if we kind of -- and you said it about the importance of it, and we've seen, obviously, retail performing year-to-date relatively strong, up 12%, but foodservice even more. Can you give us a little bit of preview in terms of like the distribution of these segments in terms of relevance? It clearly feels like retail is like most likely more than 50% of it. And that's why this is the most focus where you're most excited about, correct?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, obviously, retail will be roughly about 60%. We've talked about foodservice in total being just over 30% and international high single digits. So we're excited about all of them. And really, when we talk about retail being the most impacted, it's because we are bringing together our retail refrigerated, our grocery products unit, our Jennie-O retail. So you do have the most change occurring there. But we also have the most opportunity to really generate the alignment that we need. And so a perfect example of that, I believe, is when we've talked about entertaining and snacking in a bigger way, being a strategic priority for our organization. Historically, we've had pepperoni and refrigerated retail. We've had our gatherings party trays in our deli organization. We've had, of course, now Planters in our grocery products' organization. And now the ability to bring those together under one pillar and really talk to customers and consumers in a way that we haven't before really excites us for the future.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. And just a quick add there, Ben. Jim described all of that from a strategic standpoint, if you think about how we go to market as well, what this model actually does, it really just bolster how we go to market as a company and just bringing that one Hormel to bear, and that's truly going to be a strategic advantage for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Zaslow: My first question is on SKIPPY, with all the volume that was created there, where does the profit go to? It seemed like there would be a greater association with the increased opportunity created there. Did you guys have co-packers? Was there a shortfall of supply? It just seems like there was a lot of top line but didn't really translate to the bottom line.
Jim Snee: Yes. There definitely was a benefit from SKIPPY in the quarter. Really, as we talked about it with the escalation in costs, it's really across the board. We've talked about the operational inefficiencies. So, even though in aggregate, we're at a good place with our total number of employees, those employees are younger, less experienced and we are seeing that turnover. And then, we talked about some of the input costs, so continued escalation for -- across the supply chain -- and then specifically towards the end of the quarter as we saw some of the raw materials run up. And so, that really is what created that erosion of the benefit from SKIPPY. But we definitely did see a benefit in the quarter.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then my second question is when you think about your long-term guidance, look, the last couple of years, you really haven't been within that. Is it -- what is it that changes? And is 2023, 2024 back into that long-term guidance range? Or is it going to still take time to reestablish your growth algorithm on a more consistent basis? How do you think about that?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean we're very positive about the business. We know that the brands are strong, the business is strong. We continue to fight the escalation in costs. We know that we have work to do on the operational front. We talked about our need to really capture the synergies and the value and our expanded logistics model. We've taken appropriate pricing. We are starting to see some relief on input costs here in the fourth quarter. That should translate into 2023. We've got back to pricing, the full year impact of some of the pricing that we've put in place. And I think -- for us, it is a better internal supply chain performance that will be a key driver for us. We do expect brands to continue to perform well. And so we're confident in our ability to deliver our long-term growth algorithm. We do have some work to do, but we're confident that we can get it done.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. And just to add to that, we also are currently underway executing the automation and really getting optimizing in different fronts from an operation standpoint. So that should certainly add to us being successful at executing on our long-term goals as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Palmer from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Tom Palmer: I wanted to ask on the Grocery Product side. Is the pricing that you've taken enough to offset the inflation that you're facing? Do you need additional rounds of pricing to address this still mounting inflation or maybe given your view that costs eased are added rounds of pricing maybe not planned at this point? Just trying to understand that dynamic and what kind of causes the inflection in grocery.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thanks, Tom. Obviously, we're pleased with the strong organic top line growth, the strong demand for the Grocery Products portfolio. And you described the cost and pricing scenario very well. With the relief that we've recently seen from some of the key inputs, we don't believe that additional pricing is going to be necessary, that the pricing that is now going into effect in Q4 will be sufficient. But we did have pressure at the end of Q3 and in the early part of Q4 because of those elevated markets.
Tom Palmer: Understood. And then maybe ask another question on the 4Q outlook. So, it sounds like the third quarter overall was pretty consistent with what you had talked about a quarter ago. So it would seem that essentially, the guidance cut was mainly for reduced expectations around the fourth quarter. From the comments today, it sounds like the kind of greatest incremental pressure was on refrigerated food -- is that accurate? And then to what extent do these easing costs that you mentioned in the last week, are they factored into the guidance range?
Jim Snee: Yes. So it's a couple of things. The Refrigerated Foods group is impacted by the elevated markets as well. And as we think about the fourth quarter, there's always going to be the puts and takes. We've obviously seen a reoccurrence of HPAI with Josh. And so really, watching to see how that plays out throughout the quarter from an upside potential? Or is there some risk, really understanding what will happen with the consumer with this last round -- most recent round of GP pricing. And then the other part that is on our radar is although we've seen this market relief, we have also seen just an incredible amount of market volatility throughout the year. And so we've seen significant moves up and down. And so while we're in a better position today, we'll be watching that closely because we know how quickly that can change.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow: A couple of questions. In the Grocery division, I'm now forecasting based on your guidance. I think a decline in profits for the year of about $20 million, $30 million. And that's despite having seven months incremental of the Planters acquisition. So, I guess I'd like to know, is Planters weaker than you thought? I didn't hear you reiterate Planters is double accretion number today. Maybe that's just -- it's still there. But -- and if it's not that, what is -- is it, which of the other brands? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Jim Snee: Yes. Rob. So a couple of things. Your assessment of the GP division is correct. That will be down for the full year. When we think about Planters, although we probably weren't as intentional, the sales we're on track for the sales guidance that we've provided in line with our $1 billion guide, our earnings continue to be at the high end of that accretion model. And really for us, the long-term strategy is intact, right? So as we think about this being an important part of our entertaining and stacking platform, the work that we're doing in C-stores, the business is still performing the way we want it. There's always opportunities within categories. But overall, the business is well in line with our expectations. And really, what it is, it's the inflation that we've experienced in Grocery Products. And so, we've had significant packaging inflation. We've taken incremental pricing along the way. This most recent round of pricing should be very positive and favorable as we head into 2023.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Maybe a follow-up then. When you talked about transitioning to one supply chain model, it sounded like a great idea and it consolidated a lot of the information, consolidated a lot of the, I guess, the decision-making. And yet, here we are in a year where your warehousing costs are higher than you thought your freight is and you're having still lingering labor issues. And I guess I have to ask, did this transition, did it exacerbate any issues? Did it make any of these issues incrementally easier? Why don't the transition help prevent a lot of these situations?
Jim Snee: Yes. Great question, Rob. I mean -- and as I sit here, I can't imagine us having gone through what we've gone through over the last several years without having our One Supply Chain in place. Everything you described to have one purview of the supply chain has really helped us throughout COVID and some of these labor challenges. We're not alone in what's happening. You can go across industry and the conversation about turnover and these manufacturing variances, I mean, they're everywhere. We have work to do. And so we do -- we're getting people through the door. We're getting people hired -- there's work to do in terms of training and retaining those people so that we do, over time, develop that experience. That is a problem today. That's not a one supply chain issue. That's a broad-based issue. And I think when we think about other challenges, we continue to see countless upstream challenges from our suppliers. So industry-wide issues persist, and as I -- I'll finish where I started and that I just can't imagine us having gone through what we went through the last several years without having our one supply chain in place.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Lavery: I just wanted to come back to looking ahead a bit into fiscal '23. And maybe specifically, can you give a sense of how much of your commodity exposure is already locked in or hedged and how that might compare to what's typical?
Jacinth Smiley: So we are currently, for the moment for 2022, have hedged our grains at around 80% for the year, and we have already started hedging and have actually locked in our hedge for 2023, albeit at an elevated level, given where grain sits today. So that's, of course, another challenge, and we're not 100% hedged. So, we still have a little bit of exposure to the market and working through as we think about other areas as well, leaning into four contracts where we can, where we are not able to really execute any hedges in those areas.
Michael Lavery: So for this time of the year relative to the following fiscal year, are you less or more hedged than normal?
Jacinth Smiley: We're consistent with where we're normally sitting at this stage.
Michael Lavery: Okay. And just back to Jennie-O, you touched on the volume impact that will run at least through 1Q '23. Can you give a sense of the magnitude there? Obviously, third and fourth quarter this year, at least what you reported and expect is pretty different in terms of the magnitude of the impact on volume. What would it look like going forward?
Jacinth Smiley: So going forward, I think tough it depends on what happens with HPAI, certainly. I mean, for this year, for the third quarter, our impact was about 20% less volume going into the fourth will be off 30% volume for the fourth quarter. And our expectation is as we go into the first quarter of next year, if for the fourth quarter. And our expectation is as we go into the first quarter of next year, if nothing else happened from an HPAI standpoint, we should be rebuilding our supply there and be in a good spot.
Michael Lavery: So I think you had mentioned though, just a recent case or something that would add some pressure on 1Q. Would the volume pressure there be more like more similar to 4Q? Or do you expect it to be improving?
Jacinth Smiley: No. Yes. We don't expect that volume pressure. So, we actually -- and you're exactly right. I mean we've had a couple of situations here within the last few days with -- but these were really young birds. And so, it is an impact that doesn't impact Q4 at all and actually pushes into the first quarter of next year, but really will be immaterial to the quarter.
Jim Snee: Yes. So Michael, if we stay where we are today, we don't expect a material impact in Q1. As this always is, it's a developing situation. And so, we'll be watching it closely. But at this point, it's really too early to tell what the impact for Q1 would be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Jim Salera: Jim Salera on for Ben. I wanted to drill down a little bit more on some of the labor challenges. Is it that you're seeing more acute labor markets in the areas that you operate your facilities? And maybe as the economy weakens, that loosens up a little bit and gives you an opportunity to hire more people? Or is it just pure wage issue or flexibility? Or what are some of the specific challenges that are preventing getting those under control?
Jim Snee: Yes. So the issue of hiring, getting people through the door is not a problem, right? So we're getting people hired. What we are seeing is that they're not staying, that there is higher than normal turnover, there's significant absenteeism. And we do think that partly driven by the labor market that we've had, the ability to find many jobs elsewhere. So to your point, is that as the labor market potentially tightens, does that lead to lower turnover, the ability to keep people longer and then build that experience and that training? Absolutely. So, it's not getting people hired, it's not a labor rate, it is just keeping the turnover down so that we can build the experience within our facility.
Jim Salera: Okay. And as you expand automation through your plants, what's the time frame of how long it will take to get those equipment -- get that equipment in the plant and up and running to supplement maybe some of the necessity for those higher turn labor positions?
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. So I mean that's going to vary, right? So we'll continue to always evolve and look for opportunities to take costs out of the plant. So there isn't really any point in time I'd say that we would stop doing that. So it really is a continuing improvement in our mind.
Jim Salera: Okay. And then if I could sneak in one quick question on HPAI. Yes, I know there's been a couple of cases pop up here more recently despite the weather getting warmer. Do you guys have anything in maybe your contingency plan? Or if anything you could do to prepare for the possibility of this popping back up as the year progresses?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean we've obviously done a lot of work since -- you go back to 2015, the biosecurity efforts, the investments that we've made on our farms have been substantial. So, we've worked really hard. But clearly, this is still an issue. To your point, the new development is historically warm weather or heat has really tapped this down, but you're starting to see cases in California where temperatures are higher. And then just making sure, again, that we've got the continued emphasis and the continued focus on training with our team members that we keep this top of mind so, that we are able to minimize the effect.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Peter Galbo: I'll keep it pretty quick. Jim, just in the context of going back to the new operating model, I guess, I think you're going to stand up a brand -- a new brand center. Just curious, like are there incremental costs or restructuring actions that will come in with the re-segmentation and I guess, streamlining everything? I know you've talked about some of the synergies you expect to get, but just any of the upfront costs that we should kind of think about?
Jim Snee: Yes, nothing really significant or material, Peter. We're moving some people around in chairs focusing their expertise in areas that we need some extra emphasis. So as we think about brand fuel, which is that center of excellence to really support all of our strategic pillars and brand in a bigger way. That will consist of our digital experience group, which has been a huge benefit to our organization. We'll continue to strengthen that area, making sure that our insights group is being fully utilized across the entire organization. So making a few investments there continued our good work on innovation and having that even more ingrained with the brand and the strategic pillars. So nothing really material as much as it is moving some people in chairs and then making sure, of course, that we've got all the right financial planning and analysis to support the business in a bigger way, but really nothing from a cost perspective that we're thinking about.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. The other piece I'll add there, I mean, really fundamentally, what it has done for us or what it will do is just to bring the synergistic brain power into one place to be able to support the business and just take away some of the silos in which we're working today and also bringing jobs as well into play as we integrate them into the organization as part of the transformation.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. No, that's helpful. And then, Jim, I just want to go back to your comments around what I'm assuming mostly pertain to the hog markets. Obviously, you've seen a little bit of relief here. Your commentary suggested over time, you're expecting some relief. But just as we think out 12 to 18 months, just what are you tracking? What are you seeing that's suggesting you maybe that you'll get some relief on the protein side? Just given some of the USDA forecasts or maybe for less protein availability next year as opposed to more, and I would think that would keep prices higher, but just curious if there's anything that you're seeing that we should be aware of?
Jim Snee: Yes, I think the biggest thing there, Peter, is the volatility that we continue to see. So in terms of the absolute supply, I mean our view is consistent with what everybody else is seeing. We're obviously going to be making some forecasts that are probably tied more to slightly higher than historical averages. But really, the difference in all of this is that, that volatility or when some of these markets are staying elevated longer than they historically have, like we've just seen here at the end of Q3 and for us, the first period of Q4. That's where we really start to experience some of that compression. So when you've got the elevation that's higher longer and then some of the volatility that has been persistent throughout the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Samuelson: A lot of grounds been covered, but hoping maybe kind of get your view on trade and promotional spending here. I mean, you talked about the specific advertising dollars in SG&A that are up, but the trade spend that would be kind of above the revenue line. Any color on what that looks like today relative to maybe pre-COVID? And do you think that's going to have to get a bigger lever to pull over the next 12 to 18 months to combat maybe more risk in consumer price elasticity and retailers that might be a bit more wary of pricing actions?
Jim Snee: Yes. I think, Adam, as supply continues to improve and we talked about still having a number of categories where demand is outstripping supply, but as supply continues to improve, we do expect that to be a lever that we've -- historically, we've always used it. We'll continue to use that in conjunction with the advertising dollars that we need to build the brand equity and build that connection with consumer. So yes, we do expect to see that to continue to be an integral part of our business going forward. And as we think about our updated operating model and we start to bring these retail businesses together, that's also going to be a benefit for us as we'll have, again, a bigger purview of all the retail businesses in terms of how we're interacting with customers and consumers.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then just quickly, in foodservice, any color you could provide maybe by some of the different channels or verticals within foodservice between quick service or institutional? You guys have a pretty broad kind of customer set there. And just any color on differences in trends between them would be helpful.
Jim Snee: Yes. Not at this point, Adam. I mean we're seeing continued strength across all of the different channels where we compete. And I would say that a big driver of that, we've talked about some of our labor issues. So many foodservice operators are facing those same labor issues. So they're forced to think differently about how they're going to be able to provide products. And we talked a lot about the value-added offerings that we have in our foodservice portfolio really being able to help those operators move the labor that they do have from back of the house to front of the house, and we are -- we continue to see that play out. We have seen a strong back-to-school season, not only with our Jennie-O K-12 business, but with the work that the Hormel side does on the colleges and universities. So again, really, really strong broad-based foodservice business.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll be concluding today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Jim Snee for any closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thank you. I want to thank all of you for joining us today. As we've talked about this morning, our business remains incredibly healthy even as we continue to navigate some of the most difficult operating conditions in our company's 130-year history. Our team is focused on a strong finish to 2022, but we're also incredibly excited about our future with the implementation of our Go Forward initiative to update and better align our operating model against our strategic initiatives. This is a positive and exciting time for Hormel Foods. Have a safe and enjoyable Labor Day weekend.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We do thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-06-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to David Dahlstrom, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Dahlstrom : Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2022. We released our results this morning before the market opened, around 6:00 a.m. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim will provide a review of the company's second quarter results, an update on business initiatives and a perspective on the remainder of fiscal 2022. Jacinth will provide detailed financial results and further commentary on the second quarter and our outlook.  The line will be open for questions following Jacinth's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today, Central Time. The dial-in number is (877) 344-7529 and access code is 8061295. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking. And actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which can be accessed at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance. These non-GAAP measures include organic volume and organic net sales. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release and located on our corporate website. We have also posted supplemental information on the second quarter and our outlook. This can be found on our investor website, investor.hormelfoods.com. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee : Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Our team continues to successfully navigate some of the most difficult operating conditions in the company's 130-year history as we again delivered strong top and bottom line growth this quarter. I want to express my gratitude to the entire team for their commitment and ability to drive results. There are many examples across our company of our results matter focus. And I would like to specifically acknowledge 2 teams who showed incredible dedication and determination during the last quarter. First, I want to recognize our Jennie-O Turkey Store team. In March, highly pathogenic avian influenza, or HPAI, was confirmed in our supply chain. And our team quickly and effectively mobilized into crisis mode. This involved working long hours over the course of many weeks to protect the safety of the turkey flux, provide transparent communication to customers and operators and plan for future business interruptions, all while operating the day-to-day business. This was compounded by severe weather in early May, which also impacted several facilities within the supply chain. Our Jennie-O team went through a lot this quarter, showing unwavering commitment and resolve in the face of some exceedingly demanding situations. I thank them for the work they've accomplished and for the work yet to come. Second, I would like to applaud our team in China for their incredible execution during truly unprecedented times. Strict lockdowns forced the partial closure of 2 of our manufacturing facilities. Some of our team members volunteered to sleep and live inside the facilities for 10 days to ensure the plants remained operational until normal production could resume. Simultaneously, our sales and marketing teams drove outstanding retail sales gains in anticipation of widespread lockdowns. The ingenuity, resourcefulness and grit displayed by our entire team in China was truly commendable and another example of what makes our company uncommon. In the second quarter, our team delivered its sixth consecutive quarter of record sales and third consecutive quarter of earnings growth. Operating margin also improved compared to the first quarter, an indication that our balanced business model are working. Cluster and operator demand for our leading brands remained robust as we continue to realize the benefits of investments in our direct sales force, diversified product portfolios, increased advertising, brand building and innovation. Across all channels, our brands have responded well to managing pricing and promotional levers to ensure the long-term health of our brands and the categories in which they compete. We also made meaningful progress across our supply chain during the quarter, where our investments in capacity and recovery in staffing levels contributed to improved fill rates, inventories and production volumes. One of our most important strategies has been to create a balanced, flexible and diversified business model, able to withstand market volatility and business fluctuations and other unforeseen events. As our second quarter and first half results clearly demonstrate, our strategy to bring balance into our business continues to differentiate Hormel Foods from others in the industry. One of the ways we do this is through our channel diversification. In the initial stages of the pandemic, we leaned heavily on our retail businesses, both domestically and internationally, to drive growth. In the current environment, we are growing with the foodservice industry through its recovery and continuing to meet elevated demand at retail. From a top line perspective, we drove 15% growth from our retail businesses in the second quarter and continued to see elevated demand for our leading brands, including WHOLLY, SKIPPY, Hormel, Square Table refrigerated entrees, SPAM, Hormel Gatherings, Jennie-O, Columbus and Applegate. We are also seeing our investments in the e-commerce channel pay dividends, with solid above category sales growth and share gains. As measured by IRI, sales increased 5% for the quarter, ending with a strong April. E-commerce constitutes around 12% of our tracked retail sales and is an important part of our future growth. We demonstrated our leadership position in the foodservice channel again during the second quarter, driving sales growth of 32% compared to last year. Growth was extremely balanced, with strength in both Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store. We have made substantial gains in the fast-growing convenience store channel, in large part due to the scale the Planters brand brings to our company. Growth from the Planters and core nuts businesses in this channel is enabling expanded placements of other products. Recent wins in the retail and snacking space include SPAM, Chili, SKIPPY peanut butter, Compleats, Black Label bacon and egg bite, Columbus snack trays, Justin's items and Hormel Gatherings party trays. Additionally, we've placed premium foodservice items such as AUSTIN BLUES barbecue, FIRE BRAISED Meats and Bacon 1 pre-cooked bacon to be used in prepared items in this channel. Like e-commerce and the retail channel, convenience stores provide an important part of our future growth in foodservice. Internationally, we are continuing to make progress to bring even more balance to the company. Our business in China is a great example of this. This quarter, we again experienced demand softness in foodservice due to the country's COVID-related restrictions. Our team quickly pivoted its resources from foodservice to the retail channel. Sales of SPAM and SKIPPY surged. And our team was also able to effectively redirect foodservice items to food security programs to help supply those experiencing lockdowns. Mainstream to premium, both domestically and internationally is a strategy that has served us well and will continue to serve us well into the future. From an earnings perspective, our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment had an outstanding quarter, as its ability to adjust to current market conditions and meet strong results. Likewise, our foodservice businesses in Refrigerated Foods were able to price for inflation and deliver excellent volume growth. These businesses more than offset higher freight expenses for all segments and the earnings decline in grocery products, which absorbed significantly higher costs for certain inputs, such as avocados, protein and packaging. We have announced another round of pricing actions across our grocery portfolio to help mitigate these inflationary pressures, but will, in the meantime, lean into our balanced model as we did this past quarter. The balanced business model has been a key driver behind our recent success and our long-term growth. We remain confident in our ability to withstand volatile economic conditions and market cycles through our continued focus on balance. We successfully completed the integration of all aspects of the Planters snack nuts business during the second quarter, and the business continues to perform at the high end of our expectations. During the cutover period in February, we experienced lower fill rates as we fully transitioned inventory into our logistics network and assumed control of the entire supply chain. While this did have a short-term impact on sales and consumption, we have seen improvements in customer service levels and expect consumption data to show continued improvement in the coming months. As we celebrate one year of owning the Planters business, I am proud of the excellent progress we have made on our commitments from last June. We have invested heavily behind the Planters and core nuts brands. We are on track to capture the synergies identified during diligence. And we have leveraged this business to amplify our scale in snacking and entertaining. After an excellent first quarter and significant profit growth in the second quarter, our Jennie-O Turkey Store team is facing an uncertain period ahead due to the impacts and risks to its supply chain from HPAI. Similar to what we experienced in 2015, HPAI is expected to have a meaningful impact on industry poultry supplies over the coming months, including large supply gaps in the Jennie-O Turkey Store vertically integrated supply chain beginning in the third quarter. On a positive note, it appears that the biosecurity measures the company has implemented since 2015 have provided additional protection against the virus, as the number of company-managed turkeys impacted to date is 25% lower than during the Breast meat prices have already risen to levels higher than any point in 2015, currently trading above $6 compared to the previous all-time high of $5.85. We have seen increases in other turkey markets as well. From a cost perspective, feed prices are significantly higher, with corn and soybean meal up more than 125% and 40%, respectively, as of early May. Additionally, there is further upside risk to feed prices with later plantings due to cold and wet weather across the Midwest this spring. The cost of production labor at company manufacturing facilities has also increased more than 50% on average compared to 2015. Our team is taking the appropriate actions to protect the health of the turkeys across our supply chain, managing through operational challenges caused by the outbreaks and adapting to changing business conditions. While simultaneously managing through the impacts of HPAI, our team made progress on the Jennie-O Turkey Store business transformation. During the second quarter, we closed the Benson Avenue facility and successfully transferred approximately 200 employees to the newer and larger manufacturing facility in Willmar. We remain on track to integrate business functions, consolidate the Jennie-O Turkey Store supply chain into the broader Hormel Foods One supply chain and drive SG&A cost synergies of approximately $20 million to $30 million annually by fiscal 2023. Above all, the team is focused on creating a business model that is better aligned to the changing needs of our customers, consumers and operators to drive long-term sustainable growth. I also want to provide an update on the great work our team is doing to fulfill our ESG commitments and achieve our 20 by '30 goals. During the second quarter, we announced we are on track to match 100% of domestic energy use with renewable sourcing by the end of 2022. We announced that our Justin's brand is transitioning to jars that use 30% less plastic. We were ranked #57 on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Fortune 500 list of the largest green power users. We were named One of America's Most Trustworthy Companies by Newsweek. And in May, for the 13th time, we were named one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens by 3BL Media. This ranking recognizes outstanding environmental, social and governance transparency and performance. We are proud and honored to continue to be named a top corporate citizen. Lastly, I want to share a recent success story from our Inspired Pathways Free Community College Program. This week, we hired the first individuals from the program to participate in paid summer internships. This marks yet another example of why we believe this program can be generational for our employees, their dependents and for the future of the company. We are reaffirming our sales guidance range of net sales between $11.7 billion and $12.5 billion and narrowing the earnings range of $1.87 to $1.97 per share. We are confident in our ability to deliver our sales guidance given robust demand for our brands across the retail, foodservice and international channels, improvements in our supply chain, investments in capacity and from strategic pricing actions. From an earnings perspective, we expect a strong finish to the year from our Refrigerated Foods business. We anticipate a fourth quarter improvement from pricing actions taken across our Grocery Products portfolio. We are navigating the impact of HPAI on the Jennie-O Turkey Store supply chain and external factors affecting the International and Other segment, including current export logistics challenges and COVID-related lockdowns in China. Our teams have actions in place to manage through these challenges and drive results for the company. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley to discuss financial information relating to the quarter and provide more color on key drivers to our outlook.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. We delivered another quarter of record sales of $3.1 billion, a 19% increase compared to last year. Organic sales increased 10%. Gross profit increased $77 million compared to last year, a 16% increase. This improvement was driven by strength in Jennie-O Turkey store, growth from Refrigerated Foods, the addition of the Planters snack nuts business and strategic pricing actions to offset inflationary pressures. Gross profit margin was 17.9% compared to 18.3% last year and 17.7% in the first quarter. SG&A expenses increased 12% compared to last year due to the addition of the Planter snack nuts business and higher advertising investments in our brand. SG&A as a percent of sales decreased to 7.3% from 7.7% last year. This speaks to our continued strong sales growth and disciplined cost management. We increased advertising investments in the second quarter to support the Planters, Columbus and SPAM brand. For the quarter, advertising expense increased by 27% or approximately $0.01 per share. Operating income increased 16% to $335 million. Operating margins were 10.8% compared to 11.1% last year. Operating margin increased sequentially from 10.5% in the first quarter. As anticipated, we delivered quarter-over-quarter improvement in operating margin and made continued progress in mitigating the significant inflation we experienced. Interest and investment income declined $9 million primarily due to lower results from our rabbi trust, which generally tracks with equity market. Interest expense increased $7 million compared to last year. Our effective tax rate was 18.7% for the quarter, down from 22.1% for the same period last year. The lower rate this quarter was primarily due to tax benefits from increased stock option exercises. Our effective tax range guidance of 20.5% to 22.5% is unchanged from the prior outlook. The net result of all these factors was diluted earnings per share of $0.48, a 14% increase over $0.42 last year. Turning to cash flows. Operating cash flow for the second quarter increased 24% to $193 million. Operating cash flow for the first half of 2022 increased 60% to $577 million. Strong earnings growth has been a key catalyst to these increases. Capital expenditures in the second quarter were $78 million compared to $45 million last year. During the quarter, we benefited from new capacity, including our pepperoni expansion at Papillion Foods plant in Nebraska and raw bacon investment in our plant in Austin. Our fiscal 2022 target for capital expenditures is unchanged at $310 million. We paid our 375th consecutive quarterly dividend effective May 15 at an annual rate of $1.04 per share. We did not repurchase any shares during the first half. We will repurchase shares opportunistically based on our internal valuation. We expect to make our first payment and begin our deleveraging related to Planters acquisition in the back half of the year. We remain committed to maintaining an investment-grade rating and deleveraging to 1.5x to 2x EBITDA by 2023. Turning to our segment results. Segment profit increased by 15% as growth in Jennie-O Turkey Store and Refrigerated Foods more than offset declines in Grocery Products and International and Other. The company benefited from Planters sale of $239 million in the quarter and the related profit contribution. Refrigerated Foods volume declined 13% and organic volume decreased 14%. The decline in volume was primarily due to our strategic decision to restructure a pork supply agreement, reducing our exposure to low-margin commodity pork business and better aligning resources to value-added growth. Sales increased 13% and organic sales increased 11%. Refrigerated Foods segment profit increased 3%. Refrigerated Foods saw meaningful improvement in many areas across the supply chain due to improved labor availability and additional production capacity, helping to offset production constraint. Grocery Products volume increased the Planters business. Organic volume increased 2% Segment profit declined 9% as organic sales growth and the addition of Planters snack nuts business was unable to offset considerable inflationary pressures and lower results from MegaMex. Jennie-O Turkey Store had another excellent quarter, with sales up 16% and segment profit up nearly 400%. Higher commodity prices and improved foodservice sales drove the substantial improvement in segment profit. HPAI had an immaterial impact on the segment's results for the second quarter. For the International and Other segment, volume was down 14% and organic volume declined 15%, due in large part to lower commodity sales associated with the company's new pork supply agreement. Segment profit declined 3% as profit growth in China did not overcome lower results from the export business. We continue to battle extreme input cost volatility and inflation. We have seen increases across all our input, including raw materials, packaging and supplies, freight and logistics and labor. We expect a stabilization as demand and supply come more into balance and anticipate certain costs, such as labor, to be more structural in nature. Protein markets have generally remained elevated and above a year ago and historical levels. For context, pork prices as measured, by the USDA composite cutout, were 6% higher in the second quarter compared to last year and more than 30% higher than the 5-year average. We have seen similar dynamics across beef and chicken markets and witnessed an acceleration in the turkey market during the quarter due to the emergence of HPAI. Feed also continues to be highly inflationary. Our hedging program at Jennie-O Turkey store has effectively helped us manage risk near term. Looking to the back half of the year, we expect protein and feed costs to remain volatile and elevated compared to historical level. Costs for packaging and supplies are up double-digits on average over last year and accelerated during the most recent quarter. Trucking freight is also up significantly on both an absolute and per volume basis. This is being driven by volatility in the spot market and soaring diesel fuel prices. While we're noticing some relief in spot markets in the third quarter, increased fuel surcharges are partially offsetting this benefit. Ocean freight rates and export logistics continue to challenge our international team. Labor shortages have been underpinning the inflation we have seen across many of our inputs and in our own facilities. We continue to see positive trends in staffing levels, which has allowed us to increase production in important product lines, such as SPAM, raw bacon and pizza toppings. Inefficiencies related to new team members and turnover continued to impact operation, but we expect improvement in the back half of the year. As labor recovers across the industry-wide supply chain, we expect fewer upstream and downstream challenges. Our experienced management team has done an excellent job managing profitability in the face of these challenges through strategic shifts in product mix, disciplined management of SG&A and driving efficiencies through our one supply chain. As Jim mentioned, we are reaffirming our full year fiscal 2022 sales guidance and narrowing our earnings guidance range. For Refrigerated Foods, we expect a strong finish to the year, led by continued strength in the foodservice businesses and strong demand for retail products. Our Grocery Products business will continue to be challenged by inflationary pressures until the recently announced pricing actions for this segment becomes effective in the fourth quarter. Given the uncertainty regarding HPAI and based on our current expectations, Jennie-O Turkey Store sales volumes are expected to decline approximately 30% in the back half of the year due to supply gaps in its vertically integrated supply chain. With the third quarter representing the seasonal earnings low for this business, we expect third quarter earnings to be in line with last year. The International and Other segment continues to see strong demand, both in its export business and in China. However, due to the impact of 2 partial plant shutdowns in China as a result of COVID-related restrictions and persistent export logistic challenges, there remains a risk to earnings growth in the back half of the year. Across our retail businesses, we expect continued strong demand and anticipate improvements in fill rates, assortment and its strategic promotional activity to mitigate potential downside of elasticities. We continue to see strong momentum in the foodservice channel, with demand for many items outpacing our ability to supply. This strong demand, coupled with supply chain improvement, give us of confidence in our ability to deliver sales and earnings growth in the second half of the year. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens.
Jack Hardin: Yes. This is Jack Hardin, subbing in for Ben Bienvenu. You touched on the volume impact, but on HPAI, would you -- your margin benefits on the back side of HPAI next year just like we saw in 2015?
Jim Snee : Yes. Jack, thanks for the question. We've spent a lot of time over the last several years working on our jobs business. We know we've got a a fantastic brand. We've been doing a lot of work to continue to build a stronger business model that leverages our entire enterprise. And we had a strong finish to 2021, a great first half. We've got uncertainty in the back half of 2022. And we are going to begin to repopulate those farms. And we're going to return the supply in a very safe and timely manner. And so we know that the demand is there for the product. And as supply comes back in line, we expect strong demand across retail and foodservice. What we've tried to highlight were a couple of the differences in terms of what's changed since 2015 when we think about feed costs, when we think about labor costs. But I think the most important thing for us is that as we get supply ramped back up, we know that the demand is going to be there, both in the retail channel and the foodservice channel, because of the work that we've done. And as markets stay strong and if markets are better, that opportunity certainly exists.
Operator: The next question is from Antonio Hernández of Barclays.
Antonio Hernández : Congrats on the results. The question is regarding mostly the situation in China. Has it started to recover, if it’s slowly opening and if it’s still too early to tell?
Jim Snee : Yes. So Antonio, thanks for the question. Again, the work that we've done to develop our business in China has been really, really successful as we've been able to build out a very balanced and strong business model, both on the retail and foodservice side of the business. If we go back to 2020, at the outset of a pandemic, when really China led the way in terms of shutting down and some of the current -- some of the similar dynamics that they're facing today, the business behaved much like it is today. We saw a slowdown in foodservice, a ramp-up in retail. But then as thins got back to somewhat normal, we saw a return in our foodservice business. And so, having that near-term experience that we would expect to see our business return to a very strong growth trajectory. That being said, knowing that we're dealing with these 2 partial shutdowns that really will have more of an impact in our Q3, there may be some short-term impact on the China business. But really, there's absolutely no change in our long-term outlook. Very confident in the business, and very strong demand in all aspects of it.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow : So on the price, the inflation on Grocery, can you talk about if you're taking the pricing that you're taking? Does that cover all your expenses and your inflation? And have you seen any pushback from any of your retailers? And then lastly on this is, what is your demand elasticity across your portfolio? And which products have the least and which ones have the most?
Jim Snee : Yes, Ken. So this round of pricing in GP will cover down our costs, our expenses. And as you know, I mean, we are very, very thoughtful about the managing of our pricing and promotions to ensure the long-term health of our business. And we always take a long-term view, because as we said in our comments, in our press release, we know that we have a responsibility to our customers, to our consumers and to the categories. In regards to pushback, what I would say is that really the pricing dynamics haven't changed. We've always had case and have strong justification for why a price increase is necessary.  I would say that what has changed is probably that we're all -- retailers and manufacturers, we're all experiencing the same broad-based inflation. And even though that's the case, I mean, it still doesn't make conversations any easier because we're all going for the same thing. And that's that responsibility to protect the equity of the brand and the business. And then I would say, in terms of pricing, the brands or the categories that we've seen the most impact on, and this is the price increase impact, would be SPAM because of our protein inputs and some of our packaging costs and then WHOLLY Guacamole because of avocados and then really least impacted would be SKIPPY. SPAM and WHOLLY have both -- as you look at the data, they both held up incredibly well in the face of some pretty strong pricing actions. So hopefully, that gives you some clarity.
Jacinth Smiley : And yes, just to add to -- yes, I just wanted to add to Jim's comment. I mean, this portfolio does very well during these slowdowns. And we're currently leaning into advertising in our key brands like SPAM and Planters and really expect to continue to see strong growth as we're seeing with -- in the face of all this inflation and negatively impacting the bottom line. But there is still very strong top line growth in consumption. Data continues to be very positive with double-digit growth in many of our key categories.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery : Just want to follow up on that train of thought a little bit with consumer trading. Maybe not elasticity exactly. But just curious what you've seen historically with down trading. Just since I think you just mentioned you see some benefit. But how do you balance or what tends to be the net result of maybe down trading to some products from, say, beef to perhaps pork or SPAM or something like that versus some of the color we heard from Walmart the other day, where they were calling out down trading to private label in some categories like bacon and deli and lunch meat that are, of course, very big ones for you? Is it typically a net positive even with all those moving parts? Can you just maybe call out what some of the biggest moving pieces are there?
Jim Snee : Yes. It's a great question. I know a conversation we'll be having as we continue to head into the -- or face some of these economic challenges. But I think the key takeaway for us is this balance that we've continued to build across all of our business. And as we think about our portfolio, we've got such an incredibly wide range of offerings when we think about the value consumer. And that's where Jacinth talks about our GP portfolio that historically has done well during slowdowns. And this quarter, we've been able to demonstrate great top line growth, great volume growth. Now we just have to get caught up on some of the inflationary factors. But as you think about that balance across consumer type, across channel, across products, across brands, we're able to navigate these environments really, really well. And while we're talking about the value consumer, I mean, the thing to remember is that we still have premium consumers and premium offerings that are doing incredibly well. The strength of our Columbus business, when we think about entertaining and snacking, when we see the continued strength of our Applegate business, which is more of a food forward type brand and product line. And then it all goes back to really the balance that we've built across the portfolio that sets us up incredibly well for so many different economic conditions.
Michael Lavery: That's really helpful. And can I just do a follow-up on your guidance? Jim, you called out the responsibility to protect the equity of your brands as the lead off to that text. And its language, I don't think, I've seen before. And just was curious if there's some significance to that, we should make sure that we understand. It looks like the advertising spending in the quarter was up, but probably maybe a lift from Planters. Is it a big factor in how you think about the outlook? What's the weight of those of -- of that remark?
Jim Snee : Yes. I would say there's not really a dramatic change. It really is just a call out in terms of what we do. We've talked a lot about the strength of our brands and the investments that we make in our brands every year. And that is our responsibility. It's something that we believe is a differentiated capability for us as we think about brand stewardship. And so -- and it's also about the recognition that we have a responsibility to our brands. We understand that there are others in the channel that we have an obligation to as well to make sure that we're taking care of our customers, that we're taking care of our consumers. And even in our foodservice business, we've got to take care of our operators to make sure that we're servicing their needs and providing great value. But again, all of it goes back to this long-term view that we always take is to make sure that, yes, we have to run the business for today. But we want to make sure that we have long-term healthy businesses, long-term healthy categories.
Jacinth Smiley : And I'll just add. It's just having that -- again, that long-term view, but maintaining that stickiness that we have with our ultimate consumers and not really doing anything in our mind that would really destroy that brand equity that we have built up over time with our consumer base.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: This is Bryan, considering for the honeymooning Pete Galbo. And hopefully, I don't screw this up. I think he may be listening. So a couple of questions. First, just you mentioned a little bit in terms of the earnings phase in. Can we just get a little bit more color? I think typically, the margins in the third quarter are lower sequentially than the second quarter. So is that still kind of the pacing? Would we have that normal sort of seasonality in margins as we move through the back half of the year? And I guess, as we're thinking about earnings effectively being flat year-over-year, how much of that is seasonality? How much of that is, I guess, the mismatch or beginning to match up your pricing versus covering your inflation? So just trying to understand some of the moving parts in terms of the phasing as we look through the third quarter and fourth quarter.
Jim Snee : Yes. It's a great question. Bryan, you didn't mess that up. Nice job. So for us, as we've talked about this year at the first quarter, we were expecting some sequential margin improvement throughout the year. So the impact this year is really what's going to happen with Jennie-O in the third quarter. So that is a big factor. The other thing is our mix, right? Our mix does change in our third quarter. And then like I said, the jobs impact will be a significant impact. And then as we get into the fourth quarter, we'll continue to have strong business in Refrigerated Foods. We've got still some uncertainty in jobs, but we expect that to perform better. And then the big driver is the Grocery Products pricing that we talked about, which will take hold in the fourth quarter.
Bryan Spillane : Okay. So sequentially, margins will be down 3Q to 2Q, like they normally would be, and then there's these other pressures. And then we would see it sort of begin to catch up more in the fourth quarter. That's roughly the way to think about it, both at the gross and I guess, EBITDA margin line?
Jacinth Smiley : Yes.
Jim Snee : That's correct. 
Bryan Spillane : Okay. And then just on -- a follow-up is, I know we've talked a little bit about elasticity on this call and trade up, trade down. Can you give us a sense of just how you're looking at maybe the -- just planning maybe cross elasticity between channels? And I guess what I'm after is, with inflation being as pronounced as it is for the consumer, you're beginning to see some choices that they're making about discretionary versus nondiscretionary spending. So running -- spending on food but not buying discretionary items or general merchandise, let's say, in Walmart. So I guess as you're planning your business forward for what we would expect to be a more inflationary period in general, would your expectation be that there's going to be a little bit of a shift away from foodservice and into grocery or within foodservice within channels? Just generally, how you're kind of thinking about that in the context of inflation going to be with us for a while and consumers will have to start making some discretionary choices?
Jim Snee : Yes. Brian, it is one of the things obviously that we watch very closely. We talk a lot about the strength and the competency of our foodservice business, our food service, direct selling organization, the incredible portfolio that we've built over the last several decades. And so we know that our -- we're well positioned to support the foodservice industry with all of their needs that they have. Top of mind, of course, is labor. But specifically to your question, as we're watching these dynamics, and intuitively, you would say with all of the soaring inflation and soaring gas prices, that what you described would take place. But as we think about what we're hearing with flight bookings, what we're hearing about lodging bookings, what we are seeing and hearing from restaurant reservations is that, certainly in the short term, and I think even beyond that, we're going to continue to see...
Operator: We are going to reconnect the speakers. Please continue to hold. Hello, everyone. The speakers have been reconnected. Please go ahead.
Jim Snee : Yes. So Bryan, I believe I got cut off in the middle of my response to your second question.
Bryan Spillane : I promised, Pete, I wouldn't screw this up, and I apparently broke the line, so.
Jim Snee : Well, that's what we said in private, but we weren't going to say that publicly. You did. But really, we're -- I think the key takeaway here is we're well positioned as the foodservice business may shift from segment to segment within the channel. And then just on a broader basis, we don’t see any short term slowdown in the foodservice business. We do think there is still incredible pent-up demand and we are able to take advantage of it. The one thing I did talk about was, as individuals may change the way they travel, if they're not flying because of airlines prices and they begin to drive even though fuel prices are higher, the C-store channel is an area where we've made tremendous progress in a short period of time. And the acquisition of Planters has really helped us both in the retail aspect but the foodservice or the takeaway food aspect of the convenience store channel. So that was -- that's the shorter version of my long answer.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Palmer of JPMorgan.
Thomas Palmer : Maybe just to start off, if I could clarify the comment about third quarter earnings being in line with last year. There was the unusual cost. So you had kind of 2 earnings numbers a year ago, the $0.32 and the $0.39. When you're talking about in line with last year, to which last year are you referring?
Jacinth Smiley : Last -- we're referring to the GAAP numbers, which is $0.39, right, which is the adjusted [39th] week.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. And then maybe to follow up on Ken's question on Grocery Products segment, just the pricing. So can I just clarify? Is the pricing -- were you able to fully offset the inflation that you are currently seeing with that pricing? And then you mentioned the fourth quarter kind of being the impact in terms of that pricing flowing through. Should we think about it as the pricing flows through during the fourth quarter? And therefore, you have even added impacts when we think about the first quarter of fiscal '23? Or is this -- it flows through? And in part during the third quarter, the fourth quarter reflects kind of the full benefits?
Jim Snee : No. We would expect the effect or the benefit will take -- will have an impact. It will be right at the end of the third quarter, beginning of the fourth quarter. And so naturally, of course, that will flow into the first quarter of '23. But the full fourth quarter will be impacted in a positive way.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. And that is you were able to secure pricing that essentially addresses the inflation that you were seeing at the time of those negotiations? 
Jim Snee : That's correct.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Larson of Seaport Research Partners.
Eric Larson: So Jim, I'm kind of curious. I'm going back to 2015, the last AI breakout. You've said that your impact -- your bird impact was 25% less than net impact in 2015. But I think one of the things in 2015 that hurt you pretty badly was that you were a net buyer of supply, so that you could meet your demand and those high spot prices really hurt your numbers. And then it took quite a while to kind of repopulate those grown houses, those birds take longer to grow out. So -- and maybe I'm missing it. It sounds like maybe that's not going to be as big a deal this time? Or when should we expect to see the volumes actually start recovering as you kind of repopulate to grow all houses?
Jim Snee : Yes. So Eric, thanks for the question. And the comparisons to 2015 are never perfect. So when we say we're down 25%, right, we are talking about our company-owned facilities. Your other question about us buying meat, and that we are not currently buying meat this year. And then again, let's just think about the timing, which is usually 26 weeks. And so we've started some repopulation when you think about when the event started. So the volume will get better in Q4, but still down compared to normal. And then assuming that we don't have any more outbreaks from this event or that we don't see a reoccurrence in the fall, we would expect again to have more traditional volumes available in Q1.
Eric Larson : Okay. So then the second follow-up to this whole thing is, so did you decide -- in 2015, one of your actions, given what happened with AI, to actually increase your increase your internal production so you don't have to buy outside supplies? Or did you -- are you converting more of the commodity stuff to -- so what is the change between being a net buyer of supply outside of your company to being right now you're not buying product? So I'm just trying to figure out what the dynamic is there.
Jim Snee : Sure, sure, sure. So the 2 biggest drivers really is we think about the supply side of the business. One is feed cost, which is significantly higher today. And then we have had significant SKU rationalization. So as we think about the work that we're doing in this transformation of jobs to make sure that we've got a stronger business model, we have rationalized a number of different SKUs that have made us far less dependent on outside meat purchases.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : I came a little late to this call so I apologize if you've kind of addressed this already. But maybe you could tell me like the timing of the Grocery price increases, you're saying it's starting in July really. Were those negotiated like a couple of months ago or very recently? Like how long did it -- is it take -- did it take for that kind of negotiation to get implemented in the marketplace? And then with -- given what we've heard from Walmart, is there -- I'm sure you've answered this already. But do you expect any pushback on future price increases in processed meats categories given that they kind of called them out by name?
Jim Snee : Yes. Rob, we talked a little bit, but happy to revisit that. Yes. The pricing that we're talking about has been negotiated recently. And as you know, we do have in our GP portfolio, that's really 60- to 90-day lag to have our pricing take effect. And so we're in that window, and that's why we're talking about the end of July or the end of Q3. What we talked about earlier in terms of the pricing and the environment that we're in is that really the pricing dynamics haven't changed in regards to the justification that we've had to provide. What we think has changed and what we know everybody is experiencing that same broad-based inflation. So the data is being felt by everyone. And it doesn't make the conversations any easier. So we've had a lot of the same conversations. It's just that everyone is feeling the -- or seeing the same information. And then the other thing that we did talk about was understanding that we've always taken a very thoughtful approach to the management of our pricing and promotions. Because while we have this inflationary environment that we're in, we need to ensure the long-term health of our brands. And so that's how this has played out in terms of the pricing for GP. And then that's how we're thinking about the actual pricing environment that we're in.
Jacinth Smiley : And I just want to -- this is Jacinth. I just want to clarify my answer to Tom. Our adjusted GAAP EPS number in Q3 of last year was $0.39 less Planters, one-timer. That is what we're comparing to. And we expect to be in line to be better than that in Q3.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Arthur Almeida : This is Arthur filling in for Adam this morning. I was just wondering if you could help us think about how you're thinking about maintaining branded retail placements throughout this, let's call it, a difficult period. And if you could just help us, how has demand elasticity evolved from the time we last spoke?
Jim Snee : Yes. Sure. So Arthur, I mean the placement of our products remains very, very strong and continues to get better as our supply chain improves. We're able to improve the assortment of our products, the mix. And as our supply chain and our capacity continues to get better, we are able to engage in select promotional activity as well. So from a distribution perspective, it continues to be strong and getting better as our supply chain continues to recover. As we think about elasticity, there is still a lot of noise in terms of fill rates, assortment, promo, really getting some of the second and third tier items back on the shelf from the impact of the pandemic. And so I mean, we're watching that very closely. But we still see lots of noise in the system for the balance of the year. And our brands have responded well to that pricing. So we're going to continue to support them with advertising and promotion. And we've got any potential impact factored into the guidance that we've provided for the back half of the year.
Operator: The next question is from Carson Barnes of Consumer Edge.
Carson Barnes : Can you touch on the labor issues a bit and discuss what you're doing to mitigate those impacts from a product mix perspective? And then how are you thinking about correcting those issues longer term?
Jim Snee : Yes. Carson, thank you. I mean as we go back several years and the work that we've done to create our one supply chain and really leverage the strength of the enterprise is one of the key factors that's allowed us to navigate this incredibly difficult operating environment. Since we last talked, we have seen meaningful improvement in our supply chain since the end of January. And those improving labor trends have really helped in terms of our improved production, the building of some inventory, improvement of fill rates. And that has had a very positive impact on our business. So that being said, while we're continuing to get better with labor within our own facilities, we continue to see upstream and downstream challenges. And those challenges are significant on a weekly basis, whether it could be a packaging or ingredient headwind or when it comes to freight, ability to get product into and out of ports, that impacts our international business, that is still a very real constraint for us that hasn't cleared yet. So we feel good about the work that we've done to improve our supply chain. There's still some upstream and downstream things that need to clear. But as that labor gets better, we expect that to mitigate over time. 
Operator: The next question is from Rebecca Scheuneman of Morningstar.
Rebecca Scheuneman: So first of all, you had said that demand has remained strong in the face of inflation. But volumes were quite a bit weaker than we expected. Could you maybe help quantify what the impact was from the labor constraints?
Jim Snee : Yes. Rebecca, the biggest issue in terms of total volume was the reduction in pork supply as we renegotiated our pork supply agreement at the end of last year. Labor was a factor, but I wouldn't say it really was a significant driver. It was really less -- far less than pork in terms of the total impact on the volume.
Rebecca Scheuneman : Okay. Could I be supple just to ask you to quantify the impact of the pork?
Jim Snee : Yes. That is something that we've broken out before. And actually, what I probably would do is just so we get you the exact information is we'll have David follow up with you so you've got the exact number of pounds that we've talked about in the past. 
Rebecca Scheuneman : Okay. Sounds good. And secondly, is it fair to assume that HPAI could maybe delay some of the plant cost savings in jobs?
Jim Snee : No. The work that we've done on the transformation of the business has not slowed down.
Jacinth Smiley : Yes. And if anything, Rebecca, we would say it has actually accelerated some of the work that was already underway to be able to reposition the business and reposition the plant the way we were planning to restructure this business to continue to be very consumer focused and really leaning towards and embracing the trends that we're seeing in the consumer space. And so if anything, it really has been a positive. And we continue to be on track to realize the time line and the savings that we have communicated externally.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Snee for closing remarks.
Jim Snee : Well, thank you, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm incredibly proud of the results our team delivered in the face of an incredibly difficult operating environment. We've spent a lot of time and effort over the years developing a strategic and balanced portfolio for times just like these. And it's our people, our brands and our culture are what gives me confidence in our ability to continue to deliver results. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-03-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hormel Foods First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2022. We released our results this morning before the market opened, around 6:30 a.m. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jacinth Smiley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of the company's first quarter results, strategic initiatives and a perspective on the rest of 2022. Jacinth Smiley will provide detailed financial results and further commentary on the first quarter and our outlook. The line will be open for questions following Jacinth's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 877-344-7529 and the access code is 3905859. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started, I need to reference the safe harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 5 through 10 in the company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance. These non-GAAP measures include organic volume and organic sales. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. We have also posted supplemental information on the first quarter and outlook. This can be found on our investor website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee : Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. I want to start off by thanking our dedicated team members around the world for once again achieving strong results in a complex and dynamic environment. The combination of our execution and balanced business model allowed us to deliver strong first quarter results, keeping us on track to achieve our sales and earnings guidance for the year. These results further demonstrate the importance of our strategy, the positive impact of our actions and our team's ability to perform in challenging operating conditions. Our entire team can be proud of our accomplishments this quarter. In the first quarter, our team delivered its fifth consecutive quarter of record sales and achieved high-quality earnings growth. Net sales surpassed $3 billion for the second consecutive quarter, a 24% increase. Operating income also increased significantly, up 19%. Most importantly, demand for our products remained elevated across all our business segments and go-to-market channels. We increased advertising investments during the quarter to sustain our momentum. Our One Supply Chain team once again demonstrated their resiliency and allowed us to deliver organic growth in our domestic value-added businesses for the quarter. From late December through January, our team experienced some of the heaviest operational impacts that we have seen since the start of the pandemic. These impacts stemmed from significant labor shortages due to the Omicron variant, severe upstream and downstream disruptions and industry-wide operational challenges. I want to again thank our One Supply Chain team for their tireless work and their unwavering commitment to employee safety in these challenging times. Fiscal 2022 is an important year as we return to top and bottom line growth. Our path forward, which we detailed at our Virtual Investor Day in October, represents the 6 strategic imperatives that will guide our actions over the next few years. These include expanding our leadership in foodservice, protecting and growing our core brands, aggressively developing our global presence, amplifying our scale in snacking and entertaining, enhancing growth of our ethnic and Food Forward portfolios and continuing to transform our company. To provide added color on the quarter as well as our long-term views on the business, I'd like to give an update on the progress we have made since October. In the first quarter, we again demonstrated our leadership position in the foodservice channel. Sales were 51% ahead of last year. We continue to benefit from our direct sales force and differentiated portfolio, which is perfectly positioned to meet the needs of today's foodservice operators with labor and time-saving products. We saw improvement in almost every category across our portfolio of foodservice businesses. Consumer demand for food away from home has been very strong. And according to recently published government and technomic data, conditions are improving across the food service industry to help meet this demand. Foodservice sales have risen at an average rate of approximately 25% over the trailing 12-month period, accelerating through the close of calendar year 2021. Operator sentiment also continues to improve from pandemic lows, and foodservice industry employment has made steady gains. These factors, coupled with the demand we are seeing for our products across all geographies in the U.S., support our positive views on the near-term and long-term health of the industry. As we look forward, we plan to further expand our leadership position in areas like restaurants, hotels, colleges and universities and use the scale of the Planters brand to grow our company's presence in emerging growth spaces, such as convenience stores. We also expect to protect and grow our core brands in fiscal 2022 and into the future. Our retail businesses grew sales 17% during the first quarter. We have leading positions in over 40 categories, with brands such as Hormel Black Label, SPAM, SKIPPY, WHOLLY and Jennie-O. Elevated demand for many of these core brands over the last 2 years has surpassed our ability to fully supply. And in these highly inflationary times, having leading brands that connect to consumers in meaningful ways is vital to success. We understand the importance of brand stewardship. And in the first quarter, we increased advertising investments in each business segment to ensure our brands remain well supported, collectively increasing advertising investments by 38%. The strong brand equity we have built over a decade has allowed us to simultaneously increase our household penetration, grow the size and our share in many of the categories in which we compete and implement strategic pricing actions to help offset inflationary pressures. We have made excellent strides connecting with consumers in the e-commerce channel as well. During the quarter, we exceeded overall category growth, with more than 12% of our IRI track retail sales now coming from this particularly important and fast-growing channel. Transitioning to our third priority, we need to aggressively develop and expand our global presence. Our international business is healthy and positioned for long-term growth despite issues affecting the first quarter. Similar to the broader industry in China, we experienced some demand softness, predominantly in foodservice, due to the country's COVID-related restrictions. Additionally, limited railcar availability and U.S. port congestion negatively affected our export business. As we look ahead, our export business is expected to benefit from demand for our global brands such as SPAM and SKIPPY. Our China business is expected to see growth from its scalable foodservice business as well as from retail, with momentum behind the SPAM brand and innovative snacking items such as beef, turkey and SKIPPY funkiness. And we have made considerable progress growing our global presence through our partnerships in the Philippines, South Korea, Europe and Indonesia. We have great partners in these geographies who share our growth mindset. To further support growth, we plan to continue to make many investments into our international business this year. During the first quarter, we increased brand investments in advertising. Later this year, we will open a new Asia Pacific research and development facility, which will support our operations in China and throughout Southeast Asia. And we have plans to further build out our infrastructure in the important Chinese market. We expect to bring meaningful scale to other select global markets as well. And we are making the necessary investments to succeed long term. Our fourth priority focuses on our next growth platform, snacking and entertaining. Snacking and entertainment cuts across all segments and channels, and we are ideally positioned to leverage our powerful and complementary portfolio of brands across salsa, guacamole, nut butters, nuts and premium deli meats. Planters is a cornerstone to our snacking platform, and that business continues to perform at the high end of our expectations. We completed the supply chain integration of the Planters and Corn Nuts businesses in February. As a result, we expect continued synergies and improved customer service levels going forward. As we discussed, when we announced the acquisition of the Planters business, we are on track to launch many new innovative items, including Planters Sweet & Spicy Dry Roasted peanuts and introduce a refresh to the branding and packaging. We're also investing in the brand, including our newest campaign, All or One. Seeing the great work of our teams has made me even more confident about where we can take this brand in the future and further strengthens our belief in the potential for Planters. Our fifth initiative is to enhance the growth of our ethnic and Food Forward portfolios. Our MegaMex and Applegate businesses have been growing, and we are evolving our portfolio at a rapid pace to meet the changing needs of today's consumers. Our MegaMex business grew volume and sales during the first quarter, led by strong demand for WHOLLY products at retail. Applegate delivered another outstanding quarter, with growth across the portfolio from products such as breaded chicken, breakfast sausage and sliced meats. Applegate has given us a clear competitive advantage in the natural and organic meat space and has provided a platform for some of our most important environmental work, such as regenerative agriculture. Finally, we need to continue to transform our company to enable future growth by modernizing our organization. Initiatives like Project Orion, One Supply Chain and our automation efforts are all focus areas, as is the work we are doing to transform the Jennie-O Turkey Store business. As promised from our fourth quarter call, we want to give you an update on our Jennie-O Turkey Store transformation. Our priority has been to build a more demand-oriented and optimized turkey portfolio that is better aligned to the changing needs of our customers, consumers and operators that will result in long-term growth, improved profitability and lower earnings volatility. To that end, we have taken numerous actions and will take many more actions to optimize our business model. During the first quarter, we started to see the benefits of our actions of shifting from commodity to branded value-added products. For an example, as an industry leader in turkey, we are investing behind the Jennie-O brand to drive greater growth in our most profitable, high-growth product lines in retail and foodservice. In conjunction with driving improvement in our value-added products, we are also taking aggressive actions to optimize our portfolio. Combined with increased pricing, our brand investments and SKU rationalization are leading to a healthier business. From a supply chain perspective, we remain on track to close the Benson Avenue facility in Willmar, Minnesota, in the second quarter. Our Benson Avenue team members are currently transitioning to our newer and larger facility in Willmar, which will supplement our staffing levels. To date, the Jennie-O supply chain has largely been run separately from the rest of our supply chain, here to it being vertically integrated. By the start of fiscal 2023, we will leverage our One Supply Chain capabilities to integrate all facilities into the broader Hormel Foods network. As we integrate these plants into the Hormel Foods network and rationalize commodity SKUs, we will free up plant space for additional production capacity of many product lines that will service any brand in the Hormel Foods portfolio. This is a monumental step and one that will make our entire company more efficient. Similar to the integration of the supply chain, we will integrate key business functions more deeply into the Hormel Foods organization. In addition to integrating IT services, finance and accounting and HR, we integrated the R&D organization into Hormel Foods R&D during the first quarter. Looking to the remainder of the fiscal year, we will start the process to integrate other business functions, such as our selling organization and marketing teams, into the broader organization. This integration will leverage the strengths of the parent company and the knowledge of Turkey to create a better business model. Over time, we expect the Jennie-O Turkey Store business to achieve higher or stable growth and improved profitability. We also expect other financial gains, including increased asset efficiency, higher manufacturing throughputs, better labor utilization and CapEx avoidance. We expect these changes will drive selling, general and administrative cost synergies of approximately $20 million to $30 million annually by fiscal 2023. In addition to the progress we have made on our 2022 Path Forward, we continue to invest in our people, our partners and our communities to deliver on our ESG commitments. During the first quarter, we distributed our annual profit sharing for the 83rd consecutive year. We continued our environmental stewardship work, with investments in additional wind energy projects, which strengthens our position in renewable energy. We supplied donations to many causes, responded to crises where we could help and supported many local communities. Additionally, our Inspired Pathways Community College program continued to receive accolades and was awarded an Anthem Award for the most impactful corporate initiative in education, arts and culture. And because of our good work, we continue to be recognized. We were recently named one of America's Most Responsible Companies by Newsweek, one of the world's top female-friendly companies by Forbes and as a Best of the Best Employer for the ninth consecutive year by the Military Times. With our strong start to the year in the face of challenging operating conditions, we are reaffirming our sales and earnings guidance for fiscal 2022. We expect net sales to be between $11.7 billion and $12.5 billion and for diluted earnings per share to be between $1.87 and $2.03 per share. Our outlook for the remainder of the year assumes, among other things, elevated levels of demand across our go-to-market channels; margin improvement from our efforts to combat inflation, including pricing actions and a positive shift in mix; strength from our high-growth brands and businesses, including Columbus, Applegate and foodservice; continued Planters’ performance at the high end of our expectations; improved supply chain performance as labor pressures ease; and the benefit of new capacity for dry sausage, pizza toppings, bacon and other value-added products. I believe our team has always had a keen competency to evolve and adapt as conditions change. We have certainly improved upon this competency over the last 2 years and we were able to leverage it again to drive growth in the first quarter. I expect our team will continue to navigate and overcome the challenging operating environment to deliver our growth goals this year. Our results-focused mentality is just another factor that makes our company and our Inspire team members uncommon. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley to discuss financial information relating to the quarter and provide more color on key drivers to our outlook.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I want to echo Jim's comments on how proud I am of our entire team and how we collectively rose above the challenges we encountered in the first quarter. During the first quarter, we delivered record sales of $3 billion, a 24% increase. Organic sales increased 13% for the quarter. Gross profit increased $89 million compared to last year, a 20% increase. This improvement was driven by strength in Refrigerated Foods, Jennie-O Turkey Store and the addition of the Planters snack nuts business. Gross profit margin was 17.7% compared to 18.3% last year. Pricing actions across all businesses did not fully offset double-digit increases in freight expenses and continued supply chain disruptions. We are encouraged by the quarter-over-quarter improvement in gross margin as our pricing initiatives catch up with the dramatic inflation we have seen over the past year. We increased advertising investments in all 4 segments to support the Planters, SPAM, Jennie-O and SKIPPY brands as well as the Hormel pepperoni and Hormel chili product line. For the quarter, advertising expense increased by 38% or approximately $0.02 per share. SG&A expenses increased 15% compared to last year due to the addition of the Planters snack nuts business and higher advertising investments for our brands. SG&A as a percent of sales decreased to 7.4% from 8% last year. This speaks to our strong sales growth and disciplined cost management. Operating income increased 19% to $320 million. Operating margins were 10.5% compared to 10.9% last year. Operating margin increased sequentially from 10.4% in the fourth quarter. Interest expense increased $6 million compared to last year, driven by the debt we took out in June to fund the acquisition of the Planters snack nut business. We expect a similar amount of interest expense for each quarter during fiscal 2022. Our effective tax rate increased to 22.4% from 19.7% last year, a 270 basis points increase. Last year's tax rate benefited from a state tax settlement. Our effective tax rate guidance of 20.5% to 22.5% is unchanged from our prior outlook. The net result of all these factors was diluted earnings per share of $0.44, a 7% increase over $0.41 last year. Turning to our segment results. Three of our 4 segments delivered sales and profit growth, which is a testament to our balanced business model. In total, segment profit increased by 13% as growth in Refrigerated Foods, Grocery Products and Jennie-O Turkey Store more than offset the decline in International. Refrigerated Foods volume decreased 4% and organic volume decreased 5%. The decline in volume was due to our strategic decision to restructure a pork supply agreement to reduce our exposure to low-margin commodity pork business. Sales increased 19%, and organic sales increased 17%. Refrigerated Foods segment profit increased 15%, led by the strength in our foodservice business and decisive pricing actions we took across many of our branded businesses. The team was able to overcome double-digit increases in freight rates and significant supply chain challenges to deliver this impressive result. Like prior quarters, Refrigerated Foods continues to be negatively affected by production constraints due to labor challenges. Market conditions for key inputs such as hogs, bellies, pork trim and beef trim remained elevated and above year ago levels. Further, most markets increased throughout the quarter, which can cause margins to narrow as our pricing catches up with input costs. Looking at the first month of the second quarter, we continue to see increases in hogs, cut-out and belly prices. Elevated levels of domestic and international demand, low levels of cold storage and industry-wide labor shortages continue to be material factors affecting protein production. Grocery Products volume increased 22% and sales increased 48% due to the addition of the Planters snack nuts business. Organic volume increased 1% and organic sales increased 7%. Segment profit increased 8% due primarily to the addition of the Planters snack nuts business. This more than offset a decline at our MegaMex joint venture due to steep increases in avocado prices and significant increases in freight, steel, aluminum and other supply chain costs across the business. Production constraints also limited our growth in volume, sales and segment profit. Jennie-O Turkey Store had an excellent quarter, with sales up 15% and segment profit up 62%. Improvements in foodservice, increased whole bird shipments and pricing actions across all categories contributed to the performance. Like our other businesses, Jennie-O Turkey Store also absorbed higher logistics and supply chain costs. Feed costs increased by over 35% compared to last year. We took decisive action last year to hedge most of our grain costs, which protects us from major shifts in market prices during the fiscal year. The international segment had a challenging first quarter caused by COVID-19-related restrictions in China and U.S. export logistics challenges. Volume decreased 17% and organic volume decreased 19%. Sales decreased 3% and organic sales decreased 6%. Segment profit declined 19% due to lower sales and logistics challenges. We see the current challenges as more transient in nature and remain optimistic about our international growth opportunities. Turning to cash flow. Operating cash flow from the first quarter increased 87% to $384 million. Capital expenditures were $50 million compared to $40 million last year. Our target for capital expenditures in 2022 is unchanged at $310 million. We paid our 374th consecutive quarterly dividend effective February 15 at an annual rate of $1.04 per share, a 6% increase over last year. Dividend growth remains a high priority. We did not repurchase any shares during the quarter. We will repurchase shares opportunistically based on our internal valuation. We ended the first quarter with $3.3 billion in debt or approximately 2.3x EBITDA. Although no mandatory debt repayments are required until 2024, based on our strong and consistent cash flow, we expect to make incremental payments as soon as the second half of 2022. We remain committed to maintaining an investment-grade rating and deleveraging to 1.5x to 2x EBITDA by 2023. As Jim mentioned, we are reaffirming our sales and earnings guidance for fiscal 2022. A key factor in our outlook is the ongoing complexity of the current operating environment. We are managing several key factors, including input cost inflation and the performance of our upstream and downstream supply chain. We see elevated demand, both domestically and abroad, but disruptions from both suppliers and logistics partners are impacting our ability to fully meet the demand. Our One Supply Chain team continues to improve the hiring and retention of team members and has developed many innovative strategies to mitigate the effect of labor shortages. With the strong demand that we continue to see across all our businesses, we are maximizing our production flexibility to produce the items that are most in demand, increasing internal capacity, leveraging our co-manufacturing partnerships to increase throughput and making improvements to transportation load factors. We have been combating extreme input cost volatility and inflation over the past 2 years. Our experienced management team has done an excellent job managing profitability through multiple rounds of pricing actions, effective management of promotional expenses, strategic shifts in product mix and disciplined management of SG&A. Financially, the actions our team is taking should result in quarter-over-quarter improvement in operating margins throughout fiscal 2022. During my first quarter as Chief Financial Officer, I have been incredibly impressed with the accountability, commitment to results and pride I see across our entire company. This gives me even more confidence in our ability to deliver growth in fiscal 2022 and beyond. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of this call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ken Zaslow of the Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Zaslow: Can you talk about elasticity, of where you're seeing it, where you're not seeing it and how you're thinking about it for the next 6 to 12 months?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean really, Ken, we haven't seen any elasticity across any of the portfolio. As we've said, really strong demand across all channels and all categories. And for us right now, I mean, there's just so much noise in distribution and fill rates, demand being strong. And we just haven't seen that elasticity yet. As you would expect, we're continuing to monitor all the various dynamics but just haven't seen it yet, and it's really, really hard, with all that noise, to draw a line and stand to say when we're going to start to see it. You know it's going to come, but it's just really hard to project when that's going to happen given all the other issues I described.
Kenneth Zaslow : And then my follow-up question is, when you think about your capabilities to supply products and your production supply chain, can you talk about from a time period, so last year, now and now going a year forward, where have you seen the most supply constraints in your production? Where are you now relative to that? And where will you be in a year from that? And how does that change or help your sales and operating profit? And I'll leave it there, and I appreciate it.
Jim Snee: Sure. Thanks, Ken. Actually, I'm going to start with the last part. Obviously, a year from now, we expect to be in a much better position. And when we think about not only the continued improvement with labor that we're seeing across the entire supply chain, the added capacity that we've recently completed, projects that we have in the queue that we've talked about and then a lot of other small projects as well as continuing to build out our co-manufacturing network, a year from now, we will be in a much better position. As we progress throughout the balance of this year, we expect to be incrementally better as we go along. And so the biggest driver right now is our ability to continue to add labor to our facilities. I'd say right now, we've got about 1/3 of our plants that are fully staffed and have made progress across all of our plants. If you remember, in our last conversation, I talked about how we have made progress in some select plants, now we've made progress in all of our facilities. And all of that's going to lead us to be in an incrementally better position throughout the year.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Palmer of JPMorgan.
Thomas Palmer: Maybe to kick off, I just want to clarify the EBIT margin outlook. I think you said expect it to improve sequentially throughout the year. If I look, though, on EBIT margin, it looks like the second quarter on just kind of a seasonal basis is typically one of the stronger ones of the year and then you see the second half a bit weaker. So is it even, looking past seasonality, you expect to kind of have a linear progression of increases as the year progresses?
Jim Snee: Yes. So Tom, it's a great question. And as we've talked about, we're starting to see margins improve quarter-over-quarter. And really, the driver is our pricing, right? And so our pricing is catching up with inflation. But of course, inflation continues to move further and further away from us. And as you think about pricing, there's really, in my mind, 3 ways to think about it. There's the pricing that's fully implemented. There's pricing that we currently have in process. And then there's pricing that's really yet to come. And so that's what's going to drive the margin improvement. And we do, for the rest of the year because of that pricing, strong demand, expect continued quarter-over-quarter improvement.
Thomas Palmer : Okay. And I guess the follow-up would be on kind of the gross margin side. I think a quarter ago, the talk was gross margin expansion for the year. I assume that's still in place, just given the guidance. But maybe for the second quarter, should we look for gross margin to expand year-over-year? Or is that more a second half event?
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. So the expectation, Tom, is exactly that, that we'll continue to see that expansion for the second quarter, but also continuing through the rest of the year as well.
Operator: The next question is from Peter Galbo of Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Jim, in your prepared remarks and in the press release this morning, you spoke pretty positively about Planters. It seems like in some of the Nielsen data though, there's maybe been a bit of a disconnect, and I don't know if that's around service level issues or untracked channels. So I was just hoping, as service levels improve, do you expect to see the scanner data start to get better? Can you just give us a more full picture on exactly what you're seeing at Planters that might be disconnected from the data?
Jim Snee: Yes, it's a great question, Peter, and you've hit it right on the head. I mean we are optimistic about the Planters business, and there's a couple of things to consider. The IRI data only covers a portion of the business, albeit a large portion. There's still a significant portion in our foodservice or convenience channel that's really off to a good start as well. But your comment is exactly right is that we have had service level issues in Q1. It's fair to say that we've had a disproportionately amount of lower fill rates across the board. We talked about how we now have this business under our full control as of Q2. And in the first period of Q2, I mean we've already seen improvements in fill rates. And so the team has done a really nice job with Planters and doing what we said we were going to do in terms of how we invest in the advertising. Of course, we had our Super Bowl ad that we ran, the work that we're doing in innovation, introducing a new sweet and spicy flavor, with packaging innovation yet to come. Our sales team, now that they've got their arms around the business, are doing a nice job expanding distribution. And then I mentioned the foodservice channel with convenience stores really have an impact there as well. So that's why we're so optimistic. But your read through in terms of service levels and fill rates in Q1 is exactly the issue in the short term.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. And just to add to that, with all that Jim has just mentioned, we expect Planters to continue to perform at the top end of the guidance that we have given.
Peter Galbo: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just on Jennie-O, helpful detail around the SG&A savings for '23. I was just curious though, I think last quarter you had mentioned maybe we'd get a more detailed breakout this quarter on upfront costs related to shutting down the plant and some of the other transitional costs. And then as well on Jennie-O, the comment on feed costs, up 35%, is that inclusive of your hedging? Or is that just what cost to be up if you weren't hedged, I guess?
Jim Snee: Yes. So we'll probably tag-team this one, Peter. As we think about what's happened in the Jennie-O operating environment, obviously, it's become an incredibly dynamic this quarter, when you see what's happened with some of the fundamentals, all of which are favorable. And so it's really hard to go through line by line in such a volatile environment. The key takeaway remains so that there's a long-term strategy here that will alter this business to become more demand-oriented. And that's really the most important takeaway in all of this. And so the team has done a lot of great work in terms of how we are going to optimize this business over the long term, how we're going to leverage the strengths of both Jennie-O Turkey Store and the parent company. Obviously, we talked more about the integration of some of the sales and marketing efforts going forward. And I mean, those are the things that are going to get us to the long-term strategy of that demand for key value-added products over the long term. And so that's really the key takeaway. I'll let Jacinth maybe talk a bit more about the grain prices.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. As it relates to the green prices, certainly, the costs that you're seeing and the prices that we're seeing is included in what we have hedged. And so we are more hedged than normal. So we feel good about being able to just cover down some of that headwind from a grain price perspective.
Operator: The next question is from Rupesh Parikh of Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh: So just given your exposure to both foodservice and retail, I was just curious how you guys think about maybe normalization of food-at-home demand in the coming quarters, especially with COVID cases going down now.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean it's really hard, again, Rupesh, to say when that's going to happen, what behaviors have changed. What we do know is from a foodservice perspective, there is pent-up demand. This has been a bit of a roller coaster ride over the last 2 years in terms of starting and stopping consumers, being able to get out and travel, go on vacation, then actually have to retreat back to the home. And so again, it's hard to project exactly when and how those shifts are going to take place. The important part here is how we've built this portfolio, the balance that we have across the organization, both foodservice and retail. So as that shift occurs, we're going to be well prepared to take advantage of it. But I do think, again, the foodservice business has obviously demonstrated incredible growth and we really don't see any signs of slowing down because of that pent-up demand that I described. In addition to that, it's the great work that our direct sales team is doing to connect with operators who, even though they're seeing improvements in labor, they still have challenges. And so all of that, again, leads us to be very optimistic about the entire portfolio and the intentional balance that we've built across the portfolio over the years.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay. Great. And then maybe just one follow-up question. So on MegaMex, I know there's a smaller contribution this quarter due to some of the cost pressures. Do you expect that contribution to improve in the future quarters?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean I do think the avocado situation was a bit out of the ordinary for this time of the year, and so we do expect that business to get better throughout the year.
Operator: The next question is from Ben Theurer of Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer : I actually wanted to follow up on MegaMex, if I can, one moment. Can you elaborate how the situation has now turned out in terms of the supply of some of the avocados that's coming in? I mean they received some big deduction. Are you having some inventory issues here? And when do you think that is going to be resolved? That would be my first question.
Jim Snee: Yes. No, Ben, we don't have any supply issues. Product is -- a lot of the product is actually produced in Mexico. What we are -- I mean what we have is obviously the runoff in the cost of the avocados that's impacted the performance of the business in the short term.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. And then if we look into Jennie-O, I mean, obviously, it was a significantly better quarter, and thank you very much for elaborating on that. Now if we look forward and all the strategic initiatives you've talked about, how should we think about the level of profitability for Jennie-O going forward? Is it about to get it back to a more, call it, branded food level, in the low to mid-teens? Or is there still going to be somewhat of volatility just because of the commodity piece you won't be able to get rhythm completely?
Jim Snee: Yes, Ben, it's a great question. From our point of view, the work that we're doing is being done to eliminate the volatility in the earnings. And so by doing this, we know that we're going to be able to improve the quality of earnings over time and reduce the volatility. And so really, that's how you should think about it. As we're sitting here today, you've got obviously, breast meat prices at significantly higher prices. You've got corn and soy at very high prices. So there's just a lot of moving parts and a lot of volatility. But the big driver, again, the most important thing to take away is that this is going to be a demand-oriented businesses -- demand-oriented business that will have less volatile earnings over time.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: You mentioned the elasticities and how they're holding up. I just want to come back to that and see if you can elaborate on what your assumptions are going forward in your guidance. Do you expect that to continue? Or do you, at least for modeling purposes and guidance, assume it reverts back to more normal levels or something in between?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean right now, Michael. I mean, we expect it to continue because it really is all about supply. And just it goes back to the point about all the noise that's out there in distribution, fill rates, strong demand. And really, until some of those issues work themselves out, it's going to be hard to prognosticate about elasticities. Do we expect there to never be elasticities? Again, no. But what we do know is that we've got to solve -- continue to solve the supply side of the business, and then we'll have a better view on elasticities over time.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And just also following up on Planters, I certainly appreciate there's some supply disruptions or service levels, you called that out pretty broadly. But I want to make sure I understand, that would seem to impact your shipments and make those worse than the sales growth we see in the scanner data, but our numbers are showing this kind of high single-digit declines or even slightly more in January. Do you see selectively where some regions or retailers are performing better than that on a sell-through basis that you would point to the supply disruptions as how the business is doing better than you think? Or what are your expectations for this level on the high side and it's coming through where you would have expected?
Jim Snee: Yes. It's -- like it's a combination of all those things. I mean, we are seeing some retailers who are continuing to perform better. I referenced the other part of the business in foodservice. And then until we had total control of the business, we were expecting some of these disproportionately lower bill rates and then that came to fruition. So it is, it's a little bit of a rethink. What we do know and what we're so optimistic about is having this business under our control, full control operationally, total supply chain, obviously, the sales part. It just allows us to be able to run the business the way that we want to run the business. And then I talked about C-stores and foodservice, but you've also got the club channel that's not included in the scanner data either. So there are parts that aren't in there. And you add that to the supply chain issues, we feel like we've got it under our control. We're ready to continue to drive this business forward.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi, Jim, Jacinth. A couple of questions. This is more backward looking. But the decision to have a Super Bowl ad probably wasn't yours, it was probably by prior management. But typically, you do those ads when you know that retailers can merchandise aggressively around it, you do it for the retailers. But you did at this time at a time of supply chain challenges. Can you talk about whether this ad created the goodwill with retailers you hoped it would? Or did it cause any issues? And then secondly, regarding the assumption on margins getting progressively better, does that assume that your costs kind of level out as the year goes on? Or have you included an assumption of continued inflation throughout the year?
Jim Snee: Yes. Thanks, Rob. You're right on the Super Bowl ad, obviously, we had a -- there was a commitment to that work. But I would say that it didn't build any ill will with retailers. Supply disruptions are so broad-based in today's environment. That wasn't an issue. It did accomplish exactly what we wanted it to do in terms of brand building, making sure that we were getting the impressions in the marketplace that we wanted to get. To your point, we were able to get still a lot of display activity. But we would consider the Super Bowl ad a success. And then in regards to margins, we have built in continued inflation throughout the year. We've also built in some continued pricing. As I said, we've got pricing that's built-in process and pricing that's yet to come. That's going to contribute to that margin improvement.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And just a follow-up. Does it also assume that your labor issues get sequentially better during the course of the year, too?
Jim Snee: Yes. For sure, Rob. Absolutely. We've seen some improvement, but we expect that to continue throughout the year.
Operator: The next question is from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens.
Benjamin Bienvenu: I want to ask about the International business, and specific to the M&A strategy that you expect to deploy there. That business has, I know, become a prominent piece of your long-term strategy. Do you expect the opportunity for growth to be driven disproportionately by M&A versus organic growth? And given kind of the debt profile of the business right now and the leverage profile, which is very manageable given the cash flow of the business, how aggressive are you in terms of pursuing M&A in that business at the moment?
Jim Snee: Sure, Ben. A couple of questions in there. So we are very optimistic about the international business over the long term. We expect these logistics challenges to be temporary, same with the COVID restrictions that we experienced in China. What we're so optimistic about is the platform that we have built and continue to build across the entire International business. The strongest part of that foundation is in China, where we've been the longest, we've learned a lot about the business, we've added infrastructure and feel like we can continue to leverage what we already have and continue to scale up that business. And not just in China but also throughout Asia Pacific because of what we've done in China. And so we have not backed off at all of our M&A strategy, whether internationally or domestically, to be honest with you. We're continuing to look for those opportunities that fit into the strategic initiatives that I laid out in my prepared remarks. So we know that we have the financial wherewithal. We have the structure in parts of the world where we can do additional M&A. It's all about finding the right opportunity at the right time. And we continue to prospect for those opportunities internationally and domestically.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Okay. Great. Revisiting the repositioning of the JOTS business, you characterized the savings, the $20 million to $30 million of savings, I think, is G&A. But it sounds like the breadth of some of the actions you're taking there might extend beyond just G&A savings. Should we think of that $20 million to $30 million as a baseline and incremental rationalization and supply chain savings stacked on top of that? Or would those broader actions be contained within that $20 million to $30 million that you referenced?
Jim Snee: You're thinking about it the right way, that, that would be the baseline and there will be additional opportunities.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. I was hoping to go back to grocery. And obviously, you talked about some of the discrete pressures in that MegaMex and you can kind of see that recent part in the equity earnings line being down year-on-year at the corporate level. But you still have the Planters acquisition contribution in there. So I'm just trying to get a sense on maybe ex MegaMex, ex Planters, there would seem to be a pretty significant year-on-year profit decline implied by the fiscal first quarter results. You talked to especially packaging inflation. But maybe just talk a little bit about the rest of the portfolio, between the canned meats and nut butters and what kind of you're seeing there from a margin perspective and how we should think about that going forward?
Jim Snee: Yes. There's a couple of things there, Adam. I mean the first thing is that the demand across the portfolio remains exceptionally strong. And as we've said several times, we cannot fully supply all of that demand. GP had a significant impact in terms of inflation, freight, steel, aluminum, trim, avocado. So it really was across the board and broad-based. The thing that we have done, obviously, is we've taken pricing to offset that. And we've got, again, pricing that's in process and some pricing that we're evaluating that can be yet to come. And so they have had that significant inflationary impact, but the demand across the business remains extremely, extremely strong.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then just over in refrigerated, the organic volumes were down on a year-on-year basis. And I imagine there's at least some elements of the new pork supply agreement and having less kind of fresh pork running through that business. But can you help us think about the organic volume trajectory moving forward with some of the new capacity that you have? I'm just trying to think about once we hit a peak on pricing, I mean the way you grow the business, it's got to be volume over time. And I'm just trying to think about how we get there.
Jim Snee: Yes. So you're exactly right, Adam. The decline was due to the effect of the new pork agreement. But the biggest driver for us right now is this added capacity. And so we've got our pepperoni capacity that's up and running in Omaha. We've started additional bacon capacity in a number of different locations. We've talked about other projects and building out our co-manufacturing network. And all of those are having a very, very positive impact on Refrigerated Foods because, again, both the retail and foodservice demand remain incredibly, incredibly strong.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Larson of Seaport Research Partners.
Eric Larson: Yes. So the question -- let me just step back and maybe ask the question on pricing a little differently, Jim. So you were not highlighting specific products that you may or may not have priced. What percentage of maybe grocery revenue still requires further pricing that you may not have taken already? Maybe that's a better way to kind of clarify it.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean -- so look, I just want to make sure I understand the question, Eric. I mean, we've taken pricing on everything. So there's, again, some pricing that's fully implemented. We've got some pricing that's in process. We've got pricing that's yet to come. And then we're still evaluating the need for future pricing. So we're pretty aggressive on the pricing front in GP and Refrigerated Foods.
Eric Larson: Okay. Okay. So my follow-up question is, can you give us -- it's a pretty dynamic environment in the meat protein sector with pork. We -- it looks like the USDA is looking for lower hog production this year, maybe 1% to 2%. It looks like maybe you've got really high soy meal costs. So it's farmers -- incentive for farmers to maybe increase production is not as great, at least right now. And maybe some of the Chinese demand might be backing off after a couple of years of really strong demand. So can you kind of give us a feel for how your pork and your hog costs might look for the remainder of the year?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean the biggest thing there, Eric, is they're going to be elevated. For all the reasons that you described, we do expect them to continue to be elevated and we expect them to continue to be volatile. I mean, the other element of this to consider is labor. And we do expect to see continued improvement in labor. But we've talked in the past about raw materials that are impacted by labor and pork trim. And so as we continue to get more labor, we'll be able to do more boning and get more pork trim, but we also know that all the variables you described will have an impact leading us to those higher costs.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Snee for closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. I do want to take a moment to recognize Nathan Annis, who is completing his final earnings call as Director of Investor Relations as he transitions into his new role of Vice President of Corporate Development. Nathan has done a great job helping us to evolve our Investor Relations messaging over the last 5-plus years. I know he'll be equally successful in his new role. And replacing Nathan is Dave Dahlstrom, who has been alongside Nathan over the last several years and is well prepared to assume this very important role. I want to personally congratulate both of them as they begin their new assignments. In closing, we remain very optimistic about our business and we are well prepared to navigate the balance of our fiscal 2022. Again, thank you for joining us, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-12-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone and welcome to the Hormel Foods fourth quarter 2021 earnings webcast. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please also note today’s event is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference call over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 am Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investor section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jacinth Smiley, Group Vice President of Corporate Strategy. Jacinth becomes Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on January 1. Jim Snee will provide a review of the company’s current and future operating conditions and a perspective on fiscal 2022. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and commentary on the fourth quarter, and Jacinth Smiley will provide commentary on the company’s fiscal 2022 outlook. As a reminder, the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 contained an extra week compared to fiscal 2020. The line will be opened for questions following Jacinth’s remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today Central time. The dial-in number is 877-344-7529, and the access code is 10161982. It will also be posted on our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 35 through 41 in the company’s Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 25, 2021. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company’s operating performance. These non-GAAP measures include organic volume, organic sales, and adjusted diluted earnings per share. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press released located on our corporate website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you Nathan. Good morning everyone.  I want to start this morning by congratulating Jim Sheehan on his upcoming retirement. Jim will be retiring as CFO at the end of the calendar year, so this will be his last earnings call. Jim has over four decades with our company and under his tenure has built a world-class finance, accounting and technology organization. Jim was the guiding force behind Project Orion, an initiative that will benefit our company for decades to come.  For over 43 years, with the last five years as CFO, Jim has been a trusted partner to me and many of my predecessors. Jim helped complete over $5 billion in strategic acquisitions, including Justin’s, Fontanini, Seracci [ph], Columbus, Sadler’s, and our largest acquisition ever, Planters. Equally impressive was Jim’s contribution to reshaping our portfolio as he was also a guiding force behind many of the divestitures we made to transform our company.  Jim’s oversight to our evolution puts us on a solid foundation for the future growth of our company. Additionally, Jim has overseen the distribution of over $2 billion in dividends to our shareholders. In addition to his business accolades, Jim was the key voice behind our game-changing Inspired Pathways program which provides free college education for children of our team members. Jim will be missed, and we wish him well in retirement along with his wife, Jean.  Jacinth Smiley succeeds Jim and brings a wealth of experience from outside Hormel Foods. She has deep and broad domestic and international experience in areas such as corporate finance, public accounting and compliance. Most recently, she served as the Group Vice President of Corporate Strategy. Hormel Foods is fortunate to have Jacinth as CFO and I’m looking forward to her leadership in her new role. My sincere congratulations to both Jim and Jacinth. In an incredibly difficult and rapidly changing operating environment, our team delivered outstanding top line results. We achieved record sales in fiscal 2021, exceeding both $10 billion and $11 billion in sales for the first time. For the full year, sales were $11.4 billion, representing 19% sales growth. On an organic basis, sales increased 14%.  Our top line growth was incredibly balanced as each of our go-to-market sales channels and business segments posted strong double-digit sales gains underpinned by value-added volume growth, pricing, and a better mix.  Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the full year increased 4% to $1.73 in spite of inflationary pressure and supply chain challenges. Diluted earnings per share was $1.66. We had an excellent fourth quarter and posted numerous records, including a fourth consecutive quarter of record sales, record diluted earnings per share, and record cash flow from operations. I want to commend our entire team for delivering this impressive performance and the numerous fourth quarter records. Sales increased 43% and organic sales increased 32%. Volume increased 14% and organic volume increased 8%. We grew sales in every segment and every channel for the quarter. Compared to pre-pandemic levels in 2019, all channels grew by over 25%, driven by strong demand and pricing actions in almost every category.  This all-time record performance was led by further acceleration in our food service businesses. Our food service teams across the organization posted 72% sales growth for the quarter, 33% higher than pre-pandemic levels. This followed second quarter growth of 28% and third quarter of 45%. Strength was broad-based with significant contributions from refrigerated foods, Jennie-O Turkey Store, and MegaMex. We also saw a strong recovery in our non-commercial segments, including college and university and K-12 institutions.  Our food service portfolio remains perfectly positioned to meet the needs of today’s food service operators with labor and time-saving products. I believe our growth in food service is a function of our differentiated value proposition in the industry as well as our dedication during the pandemic. We have grown with our distributor and operator partners during the recovery, strengthening many of our partnerships and decades-long relationships.  The top line performances from our other channels were equally impressive. Retail, deli and international each delivered a second consecutive year of growth. Retail and international sales both increased 34% and deli sales increased 24%. On an organic basis, each channel posted strong double-digit growth. Growth came from numerous brands across all areas of our portfolio, including Spam, Applegate, Columbus, Hormel Black Label, Wholly, Hormel Compleats, Gatherings, and many more. We continue to see very positive trends for consumer takeaway at retail. According to IRI, key metrics for our brands such as buy rate and trips per buyer remained favorable, which indicates elevated consumer spending on our products has remained. We also continued to grow share in many important categories, including Hormel Gatherings party trays, Hormel Pepperoni, Spam luncheon meat, and Hormel chili. Our one supply chain team has done an excellent job operating in and navigating constant supply chain disruptions. We have also seen the positive impact of their strategic actions, namely we’re starting to see an increasing number of our open positions being filled, more automation being implemented in our facilities, and a more simplified product portfolio. In total, these actions are allowing us to maximize our throughput to meet the continued strong demand of our customers. From a bottom line perspective, fourth quarter earnings were a record $0.51 per share, a 19% increase compared to 2020. An acceleration in our top line results and the addition of the Planters business led to the earnings growth.  As we said in the third quarter, we expected margins to improve as pricing actions took effect. Indeed, margins improved sequentially in all four segments. Pricing actions, improved promotional effectiveness, and a more profitable mix all contributed to the improvement. We started to see relief in key raw materials in the fourth quarter compared to prior quarters; however, labor rates, freight, supplies and raw material costs remain above year-ago levels, and in the case of freight increased further. Looking at the segments, grocery products, refrigerated foods and international segments each posted double-digit segment profit growth. Jennie-O Turkey Store profits declined due to higher feed costs. A few highlights from the quarter include the following. Refrigerated foods delivered strong volume, sales and profit growth. The team was able to leverage the numerous capacity expansion projects since the start of the pandemic for categories such a pizza toppings, bacon, and dry sausage. Within grocery products, our Simple Meals and Mexican portfolios generated excellent growth in addition to contributions from the Planters snack nuts business. Notably, the Spam brand delivered its seventh consecutive year of record growth, and we recently announced plans for additional capacity to support future growth. Our international team achieved a seventh consecutive quarter of record earnings growth with strong results from all of their businesses. The momentum this business has generated over the last two years supports our plans to aggressively expand internationally. Lastly, Planters made a positive impact especially in the fast growing snacking and entertaining space and within the convenience store channel. This quarter’s results were outstanding and we intend to build on this momentum going into 2022.  Over the past decade, Hormel Foods has deliberately evolved from a meat-centric, commodity-driven company with a heavy focus on retail pork and turkey to a global branded food company with leading brands across numerous channels. Our company today is more food-forward than ever with a sharp focus on the needs of our customers, consumers and operators. As we begin fiscal 2022, we plan to continue our evolution.  First, we will complete the full integration of the Planters business across all functions. The first of three production facilities was successfully integrated in the fourth quarter and the remaining two facilities are scheduled to be fully integrated in our first quarter. Since acquiring Planters six months ago, our sales, marketing, innovation, and R&D teams have been hard at work developing new and innovative products and flavors, many of which will be rolled out this coming year. They have also been working on refreshing the branding and packaging, which will also be launched in 2022. Seeing the great work of our teams has me even more confident about where we are able to take this brand in the future and further strengthens our conviction of the potential for Planters. From a financial standpoint, the Planters business is performing at the top end of our expectations, and we expect that trend to continue in fiscal ’22. Second, we are also taking a series of actions at Jennie-O Turkey Store. Over time, we expect these actions to result in a more demand-oriented and optimized turkey portfolio that is better aligned the changing needs of our customers, consumers and operators that will result in long term growth, improved profitability, and lower earnings volatility. The transformation starts with accelerating our efforts to shift from commodity to branded value-added products. This is similar to the successful strategy we have executed in refrigerated foods over the past 15 years. As a result, we will close the Benson Avenue plant located in Wilmer, Minnesota in the first half of fiscal 2022. This plant is an older, inefficient facility which produces numerous commodity items. Value-added products will be consolidated into multiple other facilities. Team members will transition to our newer and larger facility, also located in Wilmer, which will supplement staffing levels.  Finally, we will continue to integrate business functions into the Hormel Foods parent organization. Over the past two years, we have successfully integrated IT services, finance and accounting, and HR into the Hormel organization through Project Orion, and we will continue these efforts for other functions. By doing so, we will bring the deep turkey expertise and competitive advantages of the Jennie-O team to the broader organization. I want to be very clear that turkey will continue to play an important role in our company for many brands, including Columbus, Applegate, Hormel Natural Choice, in addition to Jennie-O. Turkey is vital to our balanced business model, serves to diversify our portfolio, and is important to consumers who are looking for high protein, lean and versatile offerings. We will provide a further update and details on the financial components and timing on our first quarter call. Finally, we made additional progress on optimizing our pork supply chain by signing a new five-year raw material supply agreement with our supplier in Fremont, Nebraska. This new agreement more closely matches our pork supply with the needs of our value-added businesses while simultaneously reducing the amount of commodity pork we sell. Similar to the rationale for selling the Fremont plant in 2018, this new agreement further diversifies us away from commodity sales, increases our flexibility within our supply chain, and decreases our earnings volatility. This agreement should result in a reduction of approximately $350 million of commodity fresh pork sales at very low margins. The impact is split between the refrigerated foods and international segments. The contract will be effective at the start of calendar year 2022. The success we are having with Planters, the actions we are taking at Jennie-O Turkey Store, and the continued progress we are making in our pork supply chain all provide great insights into how we are continuing to evolve Hormel Foods for next year and beyond, and not only have we evolved our portfolio but we will continue to evolve how we operate as a company with initiatives such as one supply chain, Project Orion, and our digital experience group. Looking at fiscal 2022, we expect net sales to be between $11.7 billion and $12.5 billion and for diluted earnings per share to be between $1.87 and $2.03 per share. We expect growth in excess of our long term goals due to organic growth across each of our segments and strength in our Planters business. I have confidence in our ability to achieve our guidance with all four segments delivering growth. Jacinth Smiley will provide more color regarding key drivers for our fiscal 2022 outlook. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss financial information relating to the quarter.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you Jim. Good morning. The company achieved record fourth quarter and full year sales of $3.5 billion and $11.4 billion respectively. Organic sales increased 32% for the quarter and 14% for the full year. Planters contributed $411 million in sales for the full year. Earnings before taxes increased 26% for the fourth quarter. Strong results in refrigerated, international, and the inclusion of Planters led to the strong finish to the year despite ongoing inflationary pressures.  Earnings before taxes increased 1% for the full year compared to fiscal 2020. Diluted earnings per share of $0.51 was a record. This was a 19% increase over last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the full year was $1.73, a 4% increase from last year. Diluted earnings per share was $1.66. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 7.5% compared to 7.9% last year. Strong sales growth and disciplined cost management contributed to the improvement. Advertising investments increased 12% compared to last year.  As anticipated, operating margins in the fourth quarter increased compared to the third quarter as a result of effective pricing actions. Segment margins expanded from last quarter by 136 basis points to 10.7% with increases in each segment. In 2021, inflation, labor shortages, and the Planters deal cost all negatively impacted margins. The fourth quarter results including the continued strong demand of our products are an indication of improved market conditions as we exit the year. Net unallocated expenses in 2021 increased primarily as a result of one-time acquisition costs for Planters and higher interest expense.  The effective tax rate for the year was 19.3% compared to 18.5% last year. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was a record, resulting from strong earnings and disciplined working capital management. Our balanced business model and consistent cash flow provided protection against the complex and challenging business dynamics we navigated during the year, allowing us to invest in numerous capital projects, acquire Planters, and grow the dividend.  We paid our 373rd consecutive quarterly dividend effective November 15 at an annual rate of $0.98 per share. We also announced a 6% increase for 2022, marking the 56th consecutive year of dividend increases. During 2021, the company repurchased 500,000 shares for $20 million. Capital expenditures were $232 million. The company ended 2021 with $3.3 billion in debt or approximately 2.5 times EBITDA. Although no mandatory debt repayments are required until 2024, based on our strong cash flow we expect to make incremental payments as soon as the second half of 2022. We remain committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating and de-leveraging to 1.5 to 2 times EBITDA by 2023. Market conditions for pork input costs remained elevated during the fourth quarter. The USDA composite cut-out averaged 33% higher compared to last year, supported by strong demand for pork and historically low cold storage levels. Hog prices averaged 62% higher than last year but were down 27% compared to the third quarter. Belly, pork trim and beef trim markets were also significantly higher for the quarter compared to last year. The latest estimates from the USDA indicate pork production for the year to decrease 2% compared to 2020 and remain relatively flat in 2022. Labor shortages may continue to be a significant factor affecting industry production.  Turkey industry fundamentals were strong. The whole turkey and thigh meat markets reached all-time highs during the fourth quarter with pressed meat prices above a year ago. Supporting these prices were historically low cold storage levels, lower poult placements, and decline in egg sets. Higher feed costs and labor shortages continued to negatively impact Jennie-O. Feed costs increased over 60% from last year in the fourth quarter. In 2022, we anticipate pork, beef, turkey, and feed prices to remain above historical levels. We delivered strong results in the fourth quarter as the team overcame challenging operating conditions and volatile markets. The performance is a testament to the strength of our brands, pricing power, balanced model, and the teams’ ability to execute in a dynamic market environment.  On a personal note as I reach the end of my career at Hormel, I am thankful for the privilege of working for this great company for the past 43 years. I appreciate the support of Jim Snee, the board of directors and my team over my tenure as CFO. I take great pride in the evolution and accomplishments of the company during my career and leave with the greatest confidence in the future. I have enjoyed my interactions with the shareholders and analyst community, and I wish you well.  At this time, I’ll turn the call over to Jacinth Smiley. I know the company is in excellent hands with Jacinth, and you will have an opportunity to get to know her better in the coming months. Jacinth will provide an overview of the fiscal 2022 guidance and further context on our expectations for next year.
Jacinth Smiley: Thank you Jim for your kind words. Good morning everyone. For analysts and the investment community on the call, I look forward to meeting you in the coming weeks and months. I am excited to be stepping into the Chief Financial Officer role at Hormel Foods, a company known for its financial strength, its powerhouse brands, and its commitment to employees and communities. In the time I have been at the company, I have found that Hormel Foods is innovative and has a results-driven focus for all stakeholders. As Jim mentioned, allow me to share a bit more commentary regarding key drivers to our fiscal 2022 outlook. Building on the momentum we established during the second half of the year and the strategic investments we have made throughout the pandemic, we expect to generate sales and earnings growth in fiscal 2022 above the long term goals we announced at our investor update in October. We anticipate growth from all four segments, driven by continued elevated demand for our products, the impact from our pricing actions, improved production throughput, new capacity for key categories such as pizza toppings and dry sausage, and the full year contribution of the Planters business. We also expect operating margins to show improvement throughout the year, similar to the dynamic we experienced in the fourth quarter. It is important to note that rapid changes in raw material input costs can shift profitability between quarters. In addition to generating strong sales and earnings growth, we will continue to invest in our leading brands through increases in strategic marketing and advertising, capacity expansions for high growth platforms, and capabilities to drive industry-leading innovation.  The company’s target for capital expenditures in 2022 is $310 million. We are scheduled to open a pepperoni expansion to our newest facility in Omaha during the second quarter, which will provide the needed capacity to meet growing demand in our retail and food service businesses. We are also beginning work on another expansion for the Spam family of products scheduled to be operational in 2023. In addition to these larger projects, we are continuing to invest in cost savings, technology and automation projects to drive long term savings and efficiencies.  Pivoting to innovation, we achieved our 15% goal in 2021. We have strong innovation platforms for brands such as Planters, Skippy, Justin’s, Herdez, and Hormel Black Label at retail, as well as the Jennie-O and Happy Little Plants brands in the food service channel. These platforms in addition to our continuous process and product improvement initiatives give us the confidence going forward to consistently achieve our stated innovation goals. I want to speak for a moment about the complexities of our operating environment. The operating environment is expected to remain complex in fiscal 2022 and our guidance accounts for the near term impacts from labor shortages, higher costs, and supply chain disruptions. Our entire team has done an excellent job executing our business strategies in this dynamic environment. In many ways, we have enhanced our competency for solving the day-to-day challenges inherent to our industry. We have increased our efforts to hire and maintain team members and have developed many strategies to mitigate the effect of labor shortages to meet elevated demand. This includes maximizing our flexibility to produce the items that are most in demand and leveraging our manufacturing partnerships to increase throughput wherever possible.  Our one supply chain team allows us to continue to actively manage our raw material procurement, logistics network and supply partnerships to minimize the impact of further inflation and supply chain disruptions. We will also benefit from our expanded logistics network, which has added capacity for both the refrigerated and grocery product business. As a result of these actions, we expect improved fill rate and load factors in fiscal 2022. The announcement of the Jennie-O Turkey Store transformation is another step in our evolution to become a stronger global branded food company. Consistent with our long term strategy, we are continuing our efforts to actively shift away from commodity businesses towards branded, value-added businesses. We expect our strategic and intentional actions to create a better, more profitable and sustainable business model.  Taking all of these factors into account, as Jim has mentioned, we are setting our full year sales guidance at $11.7 billion to 12.5 billion and our diluted earnings per share guidance at $1.87 to $2.03. Additionally, this guidance reflects the Benson Avenue facility closure, our new pork raw material supply agreement, and an effective tax rate between 20.5% and 22.5%. Fiscal 2022 will be 52 weeks.  As we move forward to execute against our strategic imperatives in 2022 and beyond, I am pleased to be with a company that continues to evolve as a global branded food company. Jim often says we are uncommon. I have seen that firsthand in my time with the company thus far. This starts with our unwavering commitment to employee safety and remaining an employer of choice in the communities we live and work. We’re taking purposeful actions to transform our company as we embark on our most ambitious corporate responsibility journey yet, our 20 by 30 challenge, which is certainly important from an ESG standpoint.  Our experienced management team, the tireless work of our team members around the world, and the progress made to implement the Project Orion and one supply chain initiative gives us added confidence in our ability to deliver growth in fiscal 2022 and beyond. I am excited to be with Hormel Foods and be part of its continued success. At this time, I will turn the call over to the Operator for the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question today comes from Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead with your question.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions, and Jim Sheehan, congrats on your retirement as well.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you Rupesh.
Rupesh Parikh: I guess to start, maybe just on the pricing front, if you can just remind us where you guys are with the pricing point, and at this point have you guys seen anything, I guess different versus expectations on the elasticity front? Just curious how your pricing actions have played out so far versus your expectations.
Jim Snee: Yes, good morning Rupesh. We have not seen the elasticity that we typically would have been pre-pandemic. The demand has held up really well across the entire portfolio, and really where we are in our pricing journey, we’ve got another round of pricing in our grocery products portfolio that is in the midst of being implemented, executed right now. On the refrigerated side, that’s a pricing model that ebbs and flows, and so we’ve seen some relief in commodity markets - we’re watching it closely, but at this point in time don’t have any additional pricing scheduled for that part of our business. But in grocery products, we do have another round that’s getting implemented right now.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay, great, and then maybe just a follow-up question just on guidance. I was curious about the latest in terms of what you guys are incorporating for Planters accretion. Is that still in that $0.17 to $0.22 range for this year, and is there anything you could share on the cadence of operating or EPS growth, maybe first half versus second half for this year?
Jim Snee: Well, the first part of the question is we are still in that range, and we’re expecting to be on the high end of the range, just like we were in fiscal 2021. As you think about just the business throughout the course of 2022, you’re going to see sales, earnings and margins as really improving throughout the year. As Jacinth mentioned in her comments, we do expect to have continual improvement in the supply chain that will help with fill rates and load factors. Our organic growth will be driven in large part by that improvement. The thing that we have to be on the lookout for, as we were in ’21, is just the volatility in markets or supply chain. It really can shift profits between quarters.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Palmer from JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your questions.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, thanks for the questions, and Jim, thank you for your help over the years and congratulations on your retirement. 
Jim Sheehan: Thank you Tom.
Tom Palmer: From what we can see, pork costs have eased a bit in the past couple months, at least on a spot basis. Feed costs are lower than they were earlier this year. At what point do these costs begin the flow through the P&L?
Jim Sheehan: I think you saw, Tom, some momentum especially near the end of our fourth quarter that helped with these declining prices. You’ve seen today, for instance, hogs are down to the mid-60 range, they averaged $86 in the fourth quarter You’ve seen trim ease off, and certainly you’ve seen an easing in belly, so you’re starting to see the advantage already. You can see, as I said, in the fourth quarter you saw that momentum start to pick up near the end of the fourth quarter, so I think that we’re in a good position as we go into the first quarter and into the new year.
Tom Palmer: On just on the feed side also?
Jim Sheehan: Well you know, we’ve locked in our feed costs. We’re under market for--we’ve locked in about 80% of our corn and it’s under the current market, so our feed costs will be stabilized for next year. We have a good handle on the feed costs. You obviously always have the basis risk that exists, but basis has been fairly neutral for the last few months. 
Tom Palmer: Okay, thank you. If I could follow up just on what that translates to, so you’ve talked about earnings growth in all four segments in the coming year. Should we expect to see that starting in the first quarter, so essentially in the first quarter should we look for growth in all segments?
Jim Snee: Yes Tom, we would, and as Jim is describing in the markets and in his prepared remarks, we’re seeing some lower markets right now in the first quarter, but on average over the full year, we do expect them to be fairly flat to 2021, so you are obviously going to have some moves up throughout the year but we do expect all segments to show that growth starting in Q1.
Jim Sheehan: And Tom, as you look at 2022, remember you have Planters - we didn’t pick up Planters until the third quarter of last year, so you’ll see the significant improvement in the first half of the year.
Tom Palmer: Understood, thank you again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone. Let me echo everyone’s congratulations, Jim, on the retirement. My first question is on Jennie-O, and I was hoping maybe to get a little bit more color on the decision to close the plant. Jim Snee, if you could maybe just elaborate a little bit on how this changes the sales mix margin structure potential of the Jennie-O business moving forward, and a corollary to that is just help us think about costs associated with these actions on a cash basis over the course of the next 12 months.
Jim Snee: Sure, so the first thing, Adam, is we’re going to come back to you in Q1 and give you a more detailed report on some of the things that you just described, so we will be getting that information to you. I think the big thing in all of this, these strategic actions that we’re thinking about, is turkey is not going away in our portfolio, right? It’s going to continue to be an important part of our company across many different segments, many different brands. We’ve seen the evolution of our company, whether it was Project Orion, our one supply chain effort, really this opportunity to move away from duplication of resources - that’s the first thing. The second thing is when we’re honest with ourselves, the business has underperformed in recent years, and that’s not through a lack of effort on our team’s part. That’s dealing with a significant oversupply situation that’s created a lot of volatility for us, so as you think about how we’ve managed other parts of the business, it kind of flew in the face of really what we’ve been trying to achieve. Really, this announcement today is a bigger step in that evolution to make sure that we’re moving from a commodity-driven or a supply-driven business to a more demand, consumer-driven business. It also allows us to move towards a more fully integrated supply chain. There is still a lot of work to be done. We’ll be coming back to this group with more information in Q1, but feel like it’s the right and proper first step on the journey to make Jennie-O really a more long term sustainable growth engine for the company. 
Adam Samuelson: All right, that’s really helpful color. Then just a follow-up on some of the labor challenges that you called out, both in the press release and the script. Was wondering if you could frame just the impact that labor’s had on your production volume. Is it customers who are unable to accept orders because of labor? Any way to dimensionalize the costs, and any comments you’d have on wage rates? Just trying to get a flavor for where we are in terms of managing labor issues and the operations in the supply chain.
Jim Snee: Sure. We’re not new to this story. We’ve taken wage rates across our entire hourly plant structure, and we’ve had to become and maintain our very competitive wage rates, so that has added costs.  I think the other thing to really understand is just the labor pool in general. The idea that you’re going to rely on the traditional labor pool that you’ve always had, it’s not going to get you where you need to be, so our team has done a really nice job of sourcing non-traditional labor pools, being creative in how we’re staffing our facilities to make sure that we are becoming more employee-friendly, and we’ve seen an improvement. I’m not going to spike the football here and say that we’re over the hump, but we have seen some improvement in our labor rates, and even more importantly is we’ve seen some improvement in key plants for us, so key plants meaning two of our larger refrigerated foods plants have seen dramatic improvement in labor rates. Two of our grocery product plants have seen improvements in labor rates, so that’s been really helpful as we’ve progressed throughout the fourth quarter and then head into 2022. The staffing levels that we’re talking about are really helpful. We still have work to do, but it is setting us up for a better 2022.
Adam Samuelson: All right, that’s all really helpful color. I’ll pass it on, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Larson from Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Eric Larson: Yes, good morning everyone, and my congratulations to Jim - thank you for all of your help, and Jacinth, congratulations to you. It’s a very coveted executive position in the food industry, and I’m sure that it’s very well earned, so congrats. My question really comes down to your input costs last year - bacon, trim, etc. I think Jacinth talked about the uncommon, and I’ve been doing this industry for a long time and I can’t remember the volatility that we’ve seen in the last year. Your pricing is going to reflect a lot of what the volatility is, but how much of a headwind or even potentially tailwind could your input costs be for pork in ’22?
Jim Snee: Well Eric, it really is more of a timing issue. You think about where we are right now in Q1, and so we have priced to those uncommon markets that you described, and I think we have--we will watch the markets and see what happens, and if the market--if the commodity markets become volatile again, we’ll be prepared to react if we need to.  The other thing to remember in all of this, that we’ve talked about many times, is our grocery products pricing is very sticky, and so the pricing that we’ve taken and that we’re in the midst of executing the additional price increase, that pricing will by and large sustain.  On the refrigerated side, that underlying pricing commodity, we do track that more closely both in retail and food service, so we’ll react accordingly there. But I think your comment is a fair one, that says where we sit today, it’s a tailwind for the organization, we just obviously will be watching the volatility over the course of the year.
Jim Sheehan: Yes Eric, the term you used, volatility is the key word. The volatility, as we’ve talked about before, can move earnings between quarters depending on the timing, but if you take out the spikes and you just look at the trends of the increased costs that we’ve been faced with over the last year, we’ve done a remarkable job of pricing into those rising markets, and the demand for our products really hasn’t failed. I think we’ve done a great job with our pricing, I think it’s been very effective. We will have times that volatility will help you or hurt you at times, but you really have to look at this as a long-term trend, and over the long term trend, it really shows that the value of Hormel products are accepted by the consumer and that we are able to price effectively into the marketplace. I think it’s been a great success.
Eric Larson: Okay, thanks. Jim, just on that note, you’ve got a new contract with Fremont, I think you disclosed that it was about $350 million worth of commodity pork sales annually. What might be the delta for that, either positive or negative, for ’22, if you want to just give us a rough range on that?
Jim Sheehan: Well Eric, you’ve been in this business long enough to know that it depends on what day it is. 
Eric Larson: Right.
Jim Sheehan: Overall, it’s very insignificant to the business. Some days it would be positive, but there’s a lot of days that it’s very negative, and in fact some of this product that we’ll no longer take will no longer be--you know, was never profitable, so it gave us a little bit of lift in 2021 but it’s really not that significant to the performance of the company, and we’ve talked for a long time about eliminating the volatility around commodity products, so whatever the difference is, it’s so small, the lack of volatility is the success here.  We’ve talked for a long time about selling less and less commodity products. The first step was turning over the Fremont facility, which was an old facility that needed a lot of capital. Our goal was always to get to a point where the amount of product we took matched our value-added products and our value-added needs, so this is an evolution of the process.
Eric Larson: Okay, thanks. Just one quick follow-up. The industry, the packaged food industry literally in the last several weeks, I think probably the new-news is that we have not taken enough pricing and we’re seeing rounds coming from everybody - General Mills, others have announced that. When you look at your fiscal year now and the pricing is going to be effective, I’m assuming it’s around January 1, the full effect won’t take place until your second half. Is that the way to--is it a more second half stabilization of gross profit margins the way to look at it? How should we kind of look at that, at the industry’s new round of pricing and any impact on margins?
Jim Snee: Yes, so Eric, a couple of things there. We feel really good, as Jim said, about the pricing we’ve taken so far, and we’re always ready to take additional pricing actions as the market conditions warrant. Through all of this, we still have to be very aware of consumer retention. We want to make sure that we’re not losing consumers through all of this. But in terms of the pricing that I described earlier, really think about it as a second quarter on effect, that it’s being--again, timing varies, but think about it from the second quarter on for the GP portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, thanks, good morning, and Jim Sheehan, congrats. Enjoy retirement, well earned. I want to ask, as you think about the labor dynamics in the business that exist and the opportunity to further automate, in terms of what you can automate, how much have you, and how do you think about how the current and more sustained tight labor environment has informed your thoughts about what you might think about automating and the returns that you could achieve by doing so?
Jim Snee: Yes Ben, we’ve got a number of examples of the automation that we’ve been able to put in place, and we’ve got both ends of the spectrum. When you think about our newer facility in Omaha, we started out with a blueprint that had more automation built into it than we’ve had in our other facilities, so that’s been very, very helpful, whether it’s been racking, loaders, the transfer vehicles. It’s an incredibly automated facility, but you’re starting with a more recent blueprint. In some of our existing facilities, we have always talked about the need for automation and have looked to find those opportunities, but I would say that the opportunity projects have accelerated over the last 12 to 18 months, and so we’ve got a number of projects across multiple facilities where we’ve talked about the package placement, we’ve talked about a lot of the boxing and other packaging opportunities. Mark Coffey did a really nice job in his one supply chain video during our investor update demonstrating that. But I think the other part, and you mentioned it, is how we think about automation going forward and then how do you factor in that labor component, which maybe wasn’t as important to factor in, in previous years, but I do think that’s going to be part of that opportunity cost that has to be figured into the automation equation as we go forward. As we think about it from an engineering perspective, we’re allocating resources in our engineering organization that we’ve never had before to make sure that not only are we identifying existing automation, but really helping to support and develop automation that isn’t even out there yet, that we believe we need in our operations. There’s still a long way to go, a lot of work to be done, but there is a very, very keen focus in our organization to get us there.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, thank you for that. My second question is related to Jennie-O. I know you’ll come back with more details in the first quarter, but should we understand this to mean that by taking these actions, we reset the base of volume off of which you grow and enhance margins going forward, or is this just a consolidation of capacity on existing volume and as a result, you kind of get rid of unused capacity in the facility that you have today?
Jim Snee: The answer, Ben, is both. I think when we come back to you, we’ll be talking about what the business is able to generate in terms of growth going forward, but then a second part of your question, it’s really, really important just as we think about how do we fully utilize all of our facilities in our network to make sure that we’re optimizing those opportunities for capacity expansion. Through this integration into our one supply chain network, you’re going to see Hormel lines, perhaps a bacon line be in what traditionally have been a Jennie-O turkey facility, so it’s really leveraging the resources, leveraging the parent company to make sure that we are truly optimizing the assets that we have employed in our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Theurer: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. As well, Jim all the best in retirement. Hope you can enjoy. I wanted to follow up quickly on Planters. You said you’ve been seeing that you’re basically coming from an accretion point closer to the high end of the range, but if we look into the profitability in the quarter in grocery products, it clearly was down on a year-over-year basis and I guess there was still some of the integration costs. But can you give us a feeling of how you think Planters over time is going to be accretive into 2022 from a margin perspective in grocery products?
Jim Snee: I think the best answer there, Ben, is the accretion model that we gave you at time of acquisition was that $0.17 to $0.20 range, and through our comments we’ve indicated that we expect to perform at the high end of that range. Of course that is a mix in grocery products and in our food service or convenience store channel, which is part of refrigerated foods. The business itself has been operating really, really well, meeting our expectations. The integrations have gone smoothly. We talked about already integrating one facility, the other two are right behind it, so the business is doing everything that we thought it would do so far. But then, the opportunities going forward in terms of what we’re going to be able to do from branding, flavors, innovation - I mean, there’s still a lot to come, and that’s why we’re so excited about what it has contributed and will contribute in the future.
Ben Theurer: Okay, perfect. Then my follow-up question is really more around the product, and I remember you’ve talked a lot about the big potential you’re seeing with in creating new products, innovation, Planters as an opportunity to leverage some of the other categories within snacking. If you would have to take a look at the first couple of months of operations, is that something you continue to be very positive on? Have you seen any incremental opportunities to grow that business and to combine it with existing snacking opportunities, and where do you think this is going to turn out in more of the medium term time frame?
Jim Snee: Sure, so there’s two parts to that. On the retail front, we are having different, more fruitful conversations with retailers in regards to snacking as a category and how we approach that as an organization, and that’s exactly what we expected on the retail side. On the food service or convenience store channel, the same thing is happening - we’re having much different conversations with convenience store operators. In the past, everything we did was the back of the house when you went in to get food for sandwiches or pizza. Now, that retail section of the convenience stores has been opened up because now we have something to talk about with Planters, and we’re able to follow on with other parts of our portfolio. Those are the new things for us. There was some basic blocking and tackling that we knew we’d be able to get done as well in terms of filling distribution gaps, just like we did when we acquired the Skippy business. Again, you start piecing this all together and that’s why we remain so optimistic about the acquisition and what it holds for us going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question. Jim, best wishes in your retirement. I hope you never have to talk about trim or belly prices ever again.
Jim Sheehan: It’s my favorite thing to do, Rob! I get up in the morning hoping to talk about trim and belly prices. Come on!
Robert Moskow: Why are you retiring then? Hang around! I would like to know about the guidance, the earnings guidance. If I just assume $0.20 of accretion from Planters, then I don’t get much growth from the core business, and you are forecasting growth across your core business, so is the trick here to take the earnings base for ’21 and reduce it for the extra week, and if so, how much should I reduce it? I suppose I should also strip out the acquisition integration costs that you had, which I think are maybe $0.04 in 2021. Maybe you can help me with the math on that, and then I have a quick follow-up.
Jacinth Smiley: As we explained before in my prepared comments and then Jim and Jim, we do expect to have both sales and earnings growth through all segments for next year. We definitely do have some puts and takes, so the 53rd week is about $0.03, so we would pull that piece out, and again Planters is at the top end of our range that we gave with $0.17 to $0.22, so that’s a piece of it.  I think with that, it should really get you to showing sales and earnings growth and margin growth throughout the year. Certainly it will vary, as we talked about, from quarter to quarter, but we do expect to see organic growth especially with new capacity coming on and really sits in the range of our long term goals that we have established and talked about at investor day. 
Jim Snee: Rob, the only other thing I would add just as a point of clarification, is you had mentioned $0.04 of deal costs. We’ve talked about that as $0.06, so there’s another $0.02 there that you want to put into your model.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Regarding the deal costs, did you have $30 million year-to-date pre-tax, or--? How much in 2021 so far?
Jim Sheehan: It’s closer to $40 million when you take in all of the issues.
Robert Moskow: Got it, okay. Okay.  I guess with your sales up so dramatically in the last couple of quarters, I would think you’d also have your biggest sales gains in first quarter and second quarter, just because of the commodity pricing. Is it fair to say that first and second quarter strongest sales growth will be there, but maybe margins will be kind of compromised because of just the mathematics of the profit flow-through?
Jacinth Smiley: I guess I would say again, it depends, right? There is volatility, and being so commodity-driven, that can really flip at any point in time, so that’s why we continue to stress just that shift from quarter to quarter. It’s something that we need to watch out for, but we do feel good about the full year and the growth that we’re expecting, both from the organic piece of it and then what Planters is adding. 
Jim Snee: Rob, your assessment on the first two quarters is correct, because you’re going to have--a big part of that will be Planters, which will be $600 million to $700 million for the full year, but basically against zero last year in the first two quarters.
Robert Moskow: Great, okay. Best wishes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone. Rob took my joke as well, but Jim, best of luck and good luck in your retirement. It is well deserved.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Let me just ask, how much has your margin structure been inhibited by labor and low utilization rates over the last year, and do you think you’ll regain a majority of that in 2022?
Jim Snee: Ken, there’s been the impact that is probably easily quantifiable when we think about commodity costs, packaging costs, freight costs, all those things that you see, but there are other costs that have been built into this crazy volatile year, and the idea of all of a sudden one week, you might have film or ingredients or things that aren’t showing up as planned and having to react as a supply chain to make sure that you’re sourcing those, and when you’re looking to source those, it’s about supply, not cost. There are a lot of those examples on a week-to-week basis in the environment we’re in right now. I think as the entire supply chain, backwards and forwards, starts to moderate throughout the year, we’ll be able to capture more of those or have those go away so it will be less of an impact, and I think it’ll just happen throughout ’22 and probably--I mean, we’re hoping that there’s just more normalcy as we head into 2023. 
Ken Zaslow: Okay. Then with your turkey actions, how do you much think that will structurally enhance your turkey margins? I’m not talking about the industry, but your actions, is that worth about 100 basis points, 150? How do you contextualize the margin enhancement based on your actions in turkey? That will be my last question, I’ll leave it two questions.
Jim Snee: Yes, thanks Ken. Two things there. The first driver through all of this for the [indiscernible] piece is really moving away from that commodity nature of the business, creating less volatility that we’ve seen over the last five years. We’ll be--like I said, we’ll come back to you in Q1 and give you a lot more color in terms of what you can expect from that business going forward.
Ken Zaslow: Great, thank you guys. Be well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey Jim and Jim and Jacinth, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I’ll keep it to one because I know we’re a bit over time. I guess just on the new pork supply contract, I think historically you disclosed that you buy about 10,000 hog carcasses a day from Wholestone kind of at the cut-out price, and I just wanted to understand in the new contract, because you’re not buying all of the cuts now, how we should think about if that’s priced differently, are you buying only at belly prices or trim prices, is it still that same 10,000 equivalent a day? Just any more detail there to help us understand some of the pork costs.
Jim Sheehan: Sure Peter. If you think about it, bellies, trim obviously are in high demand, but hams, for example, we sell hams out onto the market, and so we just pass through hams. That would be an item that we wouldn’t take. There’s multiple items that we’d take during certain parts of the season, for instance ribs. It basically allows us to agree to take the products that we need for our value-added production.
Peter Galbo: And is that 10,000 equivalent hogs or whatever the number was, is that still a good baseline to use? Has the contract expanded?
Jim Sheehan: Sure, yes, that’s a good baseline. For instance, off of their lines, we would take all of their hogs, we would take the trim, we would take various other cuts of meat that we needed our production, and there are certain types of things that we would not--we may not take any of them because we just--you know, as I said, it’s just a commodity product that’s being passed through, and if commodity margins, whether they’re positive or negative.  When you look at the critical inputs, think about 10,000 hogs.
Peter Galbo: Got it, thanks very much, Jim. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you, good morning. I’ll echo all the congrats, Jim, and welcome to Jacinth. Wanted to just touch on the capacity piece, maybe two things. One is for the pepperoni expansion in 2Q - any sense of when within 2Q that might come? Should we really just count on any bump-up there in the second half?  I guess the maybe bigger question is how does the guidance--how does the capacity expansion fit in guidance, and maybe getting at if there’s any delays, would that potentially impact what the outlook might be?
Jim Snee: We’re still thinking about it being operational in the second quarter, so you’re really going to see the ramp-up in Q3 back half of 2022. We’ve got it modeled and right now, Michael, there is no indication that we’re going to have any delays getting the plant up and running, so we are very, very confident in our ability to meet the numbers that we’ve put into our plan for 2022.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Just on the margin side, you’ve got some mix lift from the new Fremont contract, you’ve touched on pricing and productivity, and it certainly looks like some of the costs are turning more favorably. As you build out your plan, can you just point to maybe what’s the most critical? Is it the cost moderation, is it the pricing piece, are they similar in weight? How do we think about the build to the margin piece that you’re seeing?
Jim Snee: What you’re describing, Michael, is exactly right - we’ll get the benefit of some of the raw material declines that we’ve seen. But the pricing here is key, so our ability to get the pricing through when we did was very, very important. I think we’ve demonstrated a track record of being able to expand margins on the other side of these market declines, which we expect to be able to do again. It’s a combination of both of those things.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carson Barnes from Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Carson Barnes: Morning, thanks for the question. Just in terms of cost, what do you see as the biggest risk in 2022? It sounds like feed costs are hedged for the most part. Do you see it as transportation or packaging or wages? Just curious how you’re thinking about that and where you’re the most exposed.
Jim Snee: The biggest risk, Carson, is the volatility. We expect freight to continue to show increases, we know that packaging is going to have some increases in 2022, and we’ve built that into our plan already. Really, where you get caught in it is more of that quarter to quarter thing, is the volatility like we saw in 2021, so from our perspective as we sit here today on December 9, it’s the volatility throughout the year that really poses the biggest risk again this year.
Carson Barnes: Makes sense. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that we’ll conclude today’s question and answer session. I’d like to turn the floor back over to the management team for any closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you for joining us this morning. It’s clear that we have a lot of momentum in our business as we head into 2022. This momentum didn’t happen by accident. It’s a result of a lot of hard work by our team members around the globe, and I am incredibly thankful for all this great work that has put our company in this enviable position. I wish all of you a very safe and happy holiday season, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that we’ll conclude today’s conference call. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-09-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Hormel Foods Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note today's event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2021. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice - President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of the Company's current and future operating conditions, commentary on each segment performance for the quarter, and a perspective on the balance of fiscal 2021. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and commentary on the Company's current and future financial condition. The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to 1 question with 1 follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today, Central Daylight Savings Time. The dial-in number is 877-344-7529, and the access code is 10159436. It will be posted on our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the safe harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to pages 28 through 35 in the Company's form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 25th, 2021. It can be accessed on our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, our team delivered the highest quarterly sales in the Company's 130-year history, while operating in an environment, which included inflationary pressures and industry-wide supply chain challenges. Our ability to deliver this performance demonstrates the strength of our balanced business model and a strong consumer demand as we grew sales in all 4 segments and all 4 sales channels on an organic basis. Also in the third quarter, we completed the acquisition of the Planters Snack Nuts business. This brand fits perfectly into our vision for Hormel Foods and is another step in our strategic evolution. The integration has been smooth, which has allowed us to effectively operate the business with no disruptions. Each accomplishments were achieved by our team members who never lost sight of our long-term growth strategy in the face of unprecedented industry-wide challenges. To all our team members around the world, including our new Planters team members, thank you for your accomplishments, and thank you for staying safe. Now, more than ever, our investments across all areas of our business are paying off and have allowed us to reach even more consumers when and where they are eating. Whether it is cooking a meal at home, snacking at work, eating at a local restaurant, hosting a gathering with family and friends, or ordering food online, a Hormel Foods branded product will likely be an option. The proof is in our performance this quarter. Sales increased 20% on a volume increase of 1%. Compared to the third quarter of 2019, sales increased 25%. This all-time record performance was led by an acceleration in our foodservice business, sustained demand for our retail and deli products, continued growth from our international business and pricing actions taken across the portfolio. Excluding a partial quarter of the Planters business, organic sales increased 14% and volume declined 2%. For the quarter, we saw an acceleration in our foodservice business as sales grew 45% compared to last year. What is even more impressive is sales increased 17% compared to 2019 pre-pandemic levels Our enterprise foodservice portfolio remains perfectly positioned to meet the most pressing need of today's foodservice operators, which is labor. Our products minimize labor, simplify food preparation, and save time. All while preserving the flexibility to add their own unique touch to their menus. Hormel Bacon 1 fully cooked bacon Wholly Guacamole, Fontanini, authentic Italian sausages and Hormel Fire Braised meat are all excellent examples of products that are succeeding in today's environment. Our retail business also showed 9% growth compared to 2020. Compared to pre-pandemic levels in 2019, this business delivered outstanding growth of 31%. Brands such as SPAM, Hormel Black Label, Applegate, Jennie-O, and [Indiscernible] continue to resonate with consumers. Sales on the daily channel increased 12% this quarter and are up 16% compared to pre-pandemic levels. Hormel Gatherings, Party Trays, and Columbus chart coterie items showed another quarter of growth as consumers returned to entertaining and spending time with family and friends. An important component of our growth in retail and deli is our e-commerce performance. We continue to invest in the digital space and we are seeing strong results compared to pre-pandemic levels. Our international channel delivered impressive growth of 36% compared to 2020 and is 33% above 2019 levels. Improvement was led by branded exports and strength from the multinational businesses in China and Brazil. Again, I cannot stress enough how proud I am of our entire team for delivering these impressive results in the midst of an incredibly difficult operating environment marked by significant inflation, labor challenges, and supply chain disruptions. This not only demonstrates the team's ability to execute our long-term growth strategy, but also reinforces the power of our brands. On a consolidated basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.32, a 14% decline compared to 2020. The decrease was due to one-time transaction costs and accounting adjustments related to the acquisition of the Planters business. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.39, a 5% increase. Our team did an excellent job actively managing through inflationary pressures and supply chain challenges. During the quarter, we continue to see inflation in labor rates, freight, supplies, raw materials, and many other inputs with an acceleration compared to the second quarter. Of note, we saw a very high level of inflation in port input costs. To mitigate this inflationary pressure, we have taken pricing on almost every brand and product across our Company. This is a testament to our successful pricing strategy, the power of our brands, and the hard work of our entire team, especially our direct sales force. As a reminder, there is a difference in how quickly pricing flows through by channel, and this can shift profits to later quarters. We have a track record of improving profitability through a market cycle, and we expect margins to improve in the coming quarters. We also saw a drastic step-up in industry-wide operational challenges caused by labor shortages. This has impacted both our facilities and the operations of supplier and logistic partners. This has created a very complex operating environment, which led to an inability to fully meet customer demand. To address labor availability in our facilities, we are taking swift actions to hire and retain team members, implement automation across manufacturing facilities, and simplify the portfolio. Our entire team, from operations to our direct sales force has done an excellent job adjusting, prioritizing, and managing through this dynamic environment. Turning to the segments, refrigerated foods volume decreased 2%, sales increased 19%, and segment profit was flat. Organic volume decreased 3% and organic sales increased 18%. Volume was lower due to lower harvest levels and commodity sales compared to last year. Our foodservice business accelerated compared to the second quarter with elevated levels of demand for all our branded products. Nearly every category grew volume and sales compared to last year, with standout performances from products like Hormel Bacon 1, Pizza Toppings, and sliced meats. Bacon 1, Fire Braised, Fontanini, Applegate, and Pizza Toppings were just some of the items that also grew volume and sales compared to 2019. Similar to prior quarters, we saw excellent growth from premium prepared proteins, which are the cornerstone of our pre -strategy, offering versatile and flavorful items that come pre -marinated, pre-sliced or pre-cooked. These items solve for the most pressing issues facing operators today labor shortages. Brands like Bacon 1, Austin Blues, Fire Braised, and Cafe H are designed to solve for this challenge and have never been as important or in higher demand than they are today. We saw momentum continue for our retail and deli brands and refrigerated foods as well. Product showing exceptional sales growth include Hormel Gatherings Party Trays, Hormel Black Label Bacon, Hormel Fully Cooked Entrees, and Lutz's BBQ. The Columbus brand has shown no signs of slowing down as consumers look for premium authentic charcuterie. I'm pleased with the performance of our new charcuterie plant in Omaha as the team is quickly filling up the new production lines. We are excited about the upcoming holiday season and expect a high level of demand for our innovative and premium Columbus product lines. International delivered it's 6xth consecutive quarter of record earnings growth, with volume up 2%, sales up 26%, and segment profit up 18%. Organic volume increased 1% and organic sales increased 24%. Total branded and fresh pork exports grew during the quarter. We continue to see strong growth from SPAM, SKIPPY, and many food service brands around the world. Our business in China continues to perform well, led by foodservice and from retail brands such as SPAM and SKIPPY. Our new item launches the Beef Jerky and SKIPPY snacking items have also been very successful. Grocery products volume increased 4%, sales increased 20%, and segment profit increased 1%. Brands including SPAM, Hormel Completes, and Wholly showed excellent growth during the quarter. We continue to see strong growth relative to 2019 pre-pandemic levels for brands such as SPAM, Hormel Completes, Dinty Moore, Mary Kitchen, and Herdez. Organic volume decreased 6%, and organic sales were flat. Organic volumes faced difficult comparisons due to the extremely high levels of demand during the early parts of the pandemic. Additionally, we have rationalized capacity on numerous contract manufacturing items to support growth of our branded business. Our MegaMex joint venture delivered excellent results as equity and earnings increased 30%. The growth from the Herdez and Wholly brands are being driven by the tremendous level of innovation from MegaMex with products such as Herdez, [Indiscernible], Herdez Guacamole salsa, and Wholly Smashed Avocado. We're also extremely encouraged by our entry into the hot sauce space with the Herdez Avocado hot sauce. Jennie-O volume increased 9%, and sales increased 22%. A combination of a food-service recovery and higher whole bird and commodity volumes drove the volume increase. Increased sales is due to higher volumes and pricing actions across the portfolio. Jennie-O Turkey store segment profit declined 17% driven by the impact from significantly higher feed and freight costs. While spot grain markets remained elevated during the quarter, the hedging actions we took stabilized the cost increases. Looking to the balance of the year, we issued our full-year net sales and earnings guidance to reflect the Planters acquisition. We expect net sales to be between $11 billion to $11.2 billion. And for diluted earnings per share to be between a $1.65 to a $1.69. This guidance reflects the addition of the Planters business and includes the associated one-time transaction costs and accounting adjustments, in addition to the impact from inflationary pressures on our business. We expect a strong finish to the year as pricing actions continue to take effect, the foodservice industry continues to recover, and from the addition of Planters. Looking beyond the fourth quarter, I feel very optimistic about the future. Our balance portfolio with diversification across raw materials, channels and categories will allow us to perform well in many economic environments. Further, we never wavered on our commitment to employee safety and on making disciplined and strategic investments to ensure we are positioned to deliver long-term sustainable growth. At the onset of the pandemic, we have made the following strategic investments. We opened a new Columbus short coterie plant in Omaha, and we immediately invested in Phase 2 representing a major expansion of our pepperoni capacity. We completed the Pizza Toppings expansion at our Burke plant in Iowa, which significantly increased our capacity for Pizza Toppings. We have invested in R&D for plant-based products. And launched our plant-based pepperoni and sausage crumble items at the Pizza Expo in mid-August. Additionally, we bolstered our innovation efforts by investing in new R&D centers, both domestically and in China. We expanded our distribution network for both the shelf-stable and refrigerated businesses. We made further progress on building out our one supply chain by investing in systems, people, and processes. We acquired Sadler's Smokehouse, which added capacity to support growth during the recovery in the foodservice industry. We completed the HR and finance portions of Project Orion and continue to work towards the multi-phase implementation of our supply chain. We continue to make investments in advertising for our leading brands. And finally, we made the Company's largest investment ever, the acquisition of Planters. We are already seeing the benefits that a large, iconic, and well-known brand can have on our business. These are just some of the many investments we have made to further enhance our business and set us up for growth into the future. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss financial information relating to the quarter. Give an update on our financial position, and provide commentary regarding key input cost markets.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning. Third-quarter sales were $2.9 billion, an all-time record for the Company. Net sales and organic net sales increased 20% and 14% respectively, compared to last year. Segment profit increased 2% for the quarter, driven by strong results in the international segment, foodservice growth and the addition of Planters. Earnings per share were up $0.32. Adjusted earnings per share, excluding one-time costs and accounting adjustments related to the acquisition Planters was $0.39, a 5% increase. COVID -related expenses during the quarter were immaterial. Adjusted SG&A was 6.9% of sales compared to 7.6% last year. Advertising for the quarter was $31 million, an increase of 25%. Adjusted operating margins for the quarter were 8.7%, a decrease from 10.5% last year. We expect margins to show sequential improvement in the fourth quarter as the impact of pricing actions continue to take effect. Net unallocated expenses increased as a result of the onetime acquisition-related costs for Planters and net interest expense. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 13.3%. The primary driver of the decline was a large volume of stock options exercised during the quarter and a one-time foreign tax benefit. The revised guidance range assumes a full-year tax rate between 19% and 20.5%. Operating cash flow declined compared to last year, impacted by working capital from the Planters acquisition and higher levels of inventory. Inventory levels were unseasonably low last year during the third quarter. We paid our 372nd consecutive quarterly dividend effective August 16th at an annual rate of $0.98 per share, a 5% increase over 2020. This completes the 93rd consecutive year of uninterrupted dividend payments. Capital expenditures were $54 million in the quarter. The Company's target for the capital expenditures in 2021 is 260 million. The Planters acquisition represents a change to the Company's capital structure. In June, we issued $2.3 billion of notes in 3, 7 and 30-year tranches. This debt was incremental to the $1 billion of 10-year notes we issued in 2020. Including the treasury locks, the weighted average cost of debt is 1.6% and the weighted average maturity is 10.4 years. This attractive debt profile is an ideal balance for our business. We will continue to use a disciplined waterfall approach to capital allocation, which includes 3 areas, required, strategic, and opportunistic uses of cash. I expect no changes to dividend growth or our CapEx strategy. We are committed to an investment-grade rating and plan to deleverage to 1.5 to 2 times debt to EBITDA over the next 2 to 3 years. The business experienced significant inflationary pressures on pork input costs during the quarter. The dramatic increase in pork and hog prices continued in the third quarter. Hog prices were up 250% compared to 20-year lows last year. Additionally, the prices of pork remained elevated caused by the recovery in the foodservice and the strong worldwide demand. The USDA composite cutout was up 50% compared to last year, and 20% compared to the second quarter. Driven belly prices also experienced inflationary pressure with significant volatility. Compared to the prior year, belly prices were 62% higher and trim prices were 27% higher. The business benefited from the balanced approach to hog and pork procurement, as we purchased hogs in aggregate at prices lower than the market. However, the rate of the drastic rise in the total pork input costs negatively impacted profitability. The latest estimates from the USDA indicate pork production for the year to decrease 2% compared to 2020. Lower harvest levels, lighter carcass weights, and labor shortages across the industry, support higher markets [Indiscernible]. We're closely monitoring the discovery of African swine fever in the Caribbean and labor availability across the industry. Both factors could impact input cost going forward. Fundamentals in the turkey industry improved during the third quarter. Higher prices for commodity items, including breastfeed, size, and whole turkeys were a benefit to the quarter. Additionally, egg sets and pulp placements declined. Cold storage remain significantly below historical averages. Higher operating costs offset the market benefits. Inflationary pressure on corn and soybean meal have resulted in substantially higher feed cost. The strategic hedges on corn and soybean meal have stabilized feed cost. We also absorbed higher costs for freight, packaging, supplies, and labor. We are actively managing our logistics network and supplier partnerships to minimize cost increases. Across the portfolio, pricing actions were effective, but from a timing standpoint, trailed inflation during the quarter. We expect to recover lost profitability due to inflation in the coming quarters, as conditions normalize and pricing actions expand. The strong demand for our key products during the price increases is a testament to the strength of our leading brands. The guidance issued for the remainder of the year includes the impact of Planters and the expectations of continued inflationary pressure and volatile market conditions. Although the third quarter had its challenges and also included significant financial milestones. We closed the largest acquisition in the Company's history. We financed the transaction by leveraging the balance sheet through an attractive debt structure in both interest rates and tenor. All while maintaining our investment-grade rating. We move into the future with a more efficient capital structure, stronger brands, and continued financial strength to invest in our business. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the Operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Morning.
Michael Lavery: Can you just elaborate on your pricing a bit and give us sense -- I don't know, you said it's broad and maybe literally every brand and product, but maybe, one, just some of the order of magnitude and how you determined kind of what was appropriate. And if it might be enough or you think this coverage you for -- well into next year as well as obviously finishing this one.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Michael. That's a really complex question. And you hit it right on the head when you say, and we've said it, that the pricing is very, very broad-based across the portfolio. And, I think, for us, what we have been watching throughout the second quarter and the third quarter is just to be prepared and making sure that as we're watching, not only commodity markets, but packaging costs and freight rates, is making sure that we're capturing those in that timeframe. And what's been different in this environment is obviously those costs have just continued to move away from us.  And no different than any other food Company that you're talking to. What I do think is different though, is that we have been ready. We have taken broad-based aggressive pricing, but we've continued to have to do that and we will continue to have to do that as we've seen these markets and costs continued to move away from us. So again, it's really broad-based. It could vary by product, by categories. Clearly, we're watching all of the category dynamics. We're watching what's happening with the elasticities within our brands and categories.  And so it's obviously a very complex dynamic. But the key takeaway though, is that we're really pleased with the pricing actions that we've taken, we're pleased with the brand performances, and we know that we're ready to react with some additional pricing going forward.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe just to clarify, what we see from this report in the third quarter, would that pretty fully reflect the pricing, or was it really just getting underway so that we should expect it to accelerate?
Jim Snee: Well, I mean, again, depends on brand and category, but we've got, as you can tell, a significant pricing that took place in the quarter. Some of that will carry over into the fourth quarter, but we also have pricing that is being prepared to go into effect that will take effect in the fourth quarter as well. So it's really going to be a combination of spillover from Q3 into Q4, and then some new pricing actions in Q4.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens, please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Jim Snee: Morning
Jim Sheehan: Morning.
Ben Bienvenu: So I want to ask -- so in the adjusted results, it looks like the implied impact from Planters is about $0.07 per share. That's towards the higher end of what you've said the impact would be for the full year to Planters when you provided guidance last time on the deal. Can you give us some color on what you think the full year -- for the balance of this year net impact of Planters is that's implied in your guidance, so we can get some clarity on kind of the core business?
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Ben. The $0.07 that you're referencing is only related to those one-time events related to the transaction, so the closing costs and those accounting adjustments that were made. There’re obviously some transitional expenses as we bring this business online. That always occur with any type of business transfer. So those are -- those are included. We still believe that the 2 to $0.07 dilution in 2021 is reasonable.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Great. And then if I think about the -- I want to focus on the grocery products business. But if I think about the margin recovery of the business, you talked about taking price, working to take costs out of the system, drive efficiencies. Can you give us some sense of pace of recovery, obviously, implied in the fourth quarter, we're seeing meaningful margin improvement sequentially from the third quarter? But to the extent, you could delineate between grocery products and the relative segment's contribution to that improvement in margin sequentially and the trajectory from here that you see based on the current market outlook, that would be really helpful.
Jim Snee: Sure, Ben. We could do that for you. I mean, I think the first thing to start with is the grocery products portfolio. Probably more than any other part of our business has the longest lag in pricing. And so, you'll see, we always say on average, 60 to 90 days in terms of how that pricing passes through. And for us, I mean, we've taken pricing across that entire portfolio, and you think about 72 pork trim and how that has been through the roof. And so we've been very aggressive, we've been ready to take additional price actions and so we've got a mix, just like I said earlier, we've got a mix that have taken effect in Q3. And we'll have a bigger impact in Q4. We have another round that'll be coming in Q4 that will really have the impact in Q1 of 2022.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Tom Palmer, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Hi, thanks for the question.
Jim Snee: Hi, Tom.
Tom Palmer: Maybe just circling back to Planters, you noted about 40 million nonrecurring charges in the third quarter. Your guidance is on a GAAP basis, so it includes these charges. And then, as we look at the fourth quarter, what's embedded for either charges or credits related to that Planters business? I mean, are there going to be additional non-recurring considerations, or is 40 million the extent and it's pretty clean going forward?
Jim Sheehan: Well, I think that you've seen the expenses related to the transaction are included in the 40 million, and some accounting adjustments are included in the 40 million. But until you complete your purchase accounting and make all of the accounting adjustments, which we think will be probably finished at the end of the fourth quarter, you can't say that all of the adjustments have taken place. So we believe that this is the majority of the expenses, the vast majority of the expenses, but they're still could be some one-time expenses come through as we close the purchase accounting process. Does that help you?
Tom Palmer: Just to clarify, is anything embedded in that guidance number or it would be incremental at this point?
Jim Sheehan: That is an all-in number. So that is a GAAP number that we are basing on what we believe is the performance of Planters and we're pleased with the transition into Planters. We've been pleased with the sales rate at this time period. The expenses that are called out and then those transactional or transitional expenses that occur anytime that you're bringing business into your organization. So that is an all-in number.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Thank you very much. Good morning, Jim and Jim. Just wanted to go back to the price increases and you've talked about, obviously, you've done something in Q3. You expect more to do in coming quarters. On the very initial ones, have you seen some sort of the reaction from consumers and customers and in terms of sensitivity to the price increases? And how has that been offset by the brand strength for some of your core plans where you've introduced those price increases.
Jim Snee: Really -- we've been really pleased with the performance of all the businesses in the face of the price increases. The elasticity models that we typically use, we're outperforming those. And so we'll continue to watch the brands, the categories, the elasticities going forward. But I think the last point in your question is the really important one, and one that we highlighted in our comments, is that the brand strength that we have, that we've invested in, in sales over time is more important than it's ever been. As we're faced with such an inflationary environment and making sure that consumers have brands that they recognize and that resonate with them on a day-to-day basis is really, in our mind, is one of the key drivers of our success for the sales growth.
Ben Theurer: Thank you. And then, on Planters, there's things been talked about and that's about how clean the fourth quarter is going to be. But if we look into fiscal 2022, would you feel comfortable reiterating your initial guidance of accretion and that high teens range for Planters?
Jim Snee: Yes. At this point, then we would -- I mean, it is early. We've got what? Maybe 8 or 9 weeks that we own the business in the third quarter. But we're very satisfied with the sales performance. Many of the assumptions that we've made in other parts of the business are all holding up. We said we've already seen some of the benefits out an iconic brand like that can have on our business, we're experiencing that in the convenience channel. So, yes, at this point, although it's early, we still feel very comfortable with that range.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. So I guess just on your foodservice business, just given that we are seeing COVID cases spiking a number of markets, just curious if you've started to see any impact within that business.
Jim Snee: And we have not, Rupesh. I mean, honestly, our foodservice business just continues to accelerate. And it really goes back to the challenge that these foodservice operators are pacing and its labor, right? And so as you think about how they have to compensate for that shortage of labor, our portfolio perfectly aligns with what they need to get caught. And so we're helping those operators overcome those challenges for doing it with our direct selling force, which we've said is a competitive advantage.  And again, more than ever, it is a distinct competency of this organization. So we haven't seen the foodservice business slow at all. We're seeing it accelerating and we feel incredibly bullish on our portfolio and what we are going to be able to achieve going forward.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay. Great. And then maybe this one follow-up question. And I'm not sure how much you are going to share, but as we look at 2022, is there any way you can share some of the buildings blocks as you see them right now for next fiscal year? I mean, clearly, Planters it sounds like that [Indiscernible] accretion is still something that's in the range of possibilities, but just wondering if there's any other initial puts and takes, you'd be willing to share as we look out to the next fiscal year?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, it's a great question. I'm going to quantify it -- or qualify it by saying it's early. But what we just talked about, our foodservice strength, I mean, we expect labor to continue to be an incredible pinpoint for foodservice operators. But our portfolio is going to help us overcome that and we're going to help -- continue to help those foodservice operators. We do think that some of the additional capacity that we have coming online in early '22 for our pepperoni business expansion, and our bacon business is going to serve as well.  You mentioned the impact of our Planters business, and we've had a great run with our MegaMex business, the authentic Mexican portfolio, not only the base business but the innovation that we're generating. We would expect some continued international strength as well. And then, as we talked earlier, the impact from pricing actions will also come into play. And that's all the good news. The offset to that will be what happens with inflation, what happens with labor that will impact our business in our manufacturing facilities. So there's a lot of unknowns on that side. But I think we feel really good about how we've built this portfolio and how we've built the business for the long term. And we're optimistic about 2022.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning, guys.
Jim Snee: Hi, Ken.
Jim Sheehan: Morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Can you let us know, is supply chain challenges bigger or smaller than the inflationary pressure that you're feeling, and what are you doing to change the supply chain challenges? And when will they be mitigated?
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Ken. Good question. The inflation is one, as we look at our gross margin change, we certainly have had inflationary pressure. But when we look at our pricing action, our improved mix, and some efficiencies we've brought online, we have really offsetting that inflation. The pressure on the gross margin really relates to the labor shortages. Not only labor shortages at our facilities, but labor shortages throughout the supply chain.  At times, we've had lines that have not been running at full capacity, that has strained us some overheads because we've had shortages in our plants, and other times, we've been notified, let's say relatively late, that our suppliers cannot provide us either packaging or input into our products. So as we look at the third quarter, as we look forward, really inflation, we think we've managed very well. It's this labor issue that is creating the pressure right now. So I'd say it's more of a labor issue.
Jim Snee: And Can I -- I would just -- just to add on to that, I mean, really the key in all of this is, like you said, what are you doing about it? And there is, as you know, strong linkage between the labor and inflationary issues. So labor is costing us. The labor that we have is costing us a lot more. Then you have to deal with the [Indiscernible] labor. So we're pricing for the increased labor. For the labor that we don't have, clearly, we're raising starting wages. We're being more aggressive in how were finding employee pools to hire. We have to be more aggressive and more disciplined in how we are retaining our employees or finding ways to automate.  That doesn't happen overnight, but I would tell you that we've had successes in automation when we think about packaged placement, palletizing, and how we can pivot and reallocate those team members to more important manufacturing responsibilities. And then, through it all, it's how do we simplify our operations. And so, all of those things go hand in hand. And the one thing that this team has been able to do is not find themselves in a victim mentality, but really say, what are we going to do about it? Because that's really our challenge.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I'm not a big fan of my next question, but I have to ask it just because you have to think about it this way. Which division do you think will be able to have margins at least on par with year-ago levels first? And then how does that progress for the other divisions? I know that dollars going to the bank is more important, but I'm just trying to figure it out just because obviously the sales are distorted by pricing and I'm just trying to figure out which divisions does a margin catch up? Which is the first margin, which are the first divisions, and then how long will it take? Just kind of framing that and I appreciate it.
Jim Snee: Sure. I -- it is -- and I hate to give this answer, but I'm going to, is it really depends. And we think our Grocery Products division, as we've seen some moderation in raw materials has a really good opportunity to return to a more normalized margin structure also and it's a subset, but foodservice, obviously, within Refrigerated Foods, not only through the growth of the business but also the mix shift is really going to provide margin enhancement for us over time. So again, not a big fan of the answer, but I've got to give that.
Jim Sheehan: Ken, the one thing that I would point you to is that, it's early in the quarter, but we see relief on the pork side of the input costs. For instance, hogs were averaging 118 in the third quarter, they're down to 93. Bellies have even come off a little bit, but you'd expect bellies to come off at this time of the year. And we're seeing some relief in trim. Now, the only other -- the only area outside of pork that, from a raw material input that we're seeing, increase is in the beef category. Beef started to go up and our second quarter, and that trend has continued.  So we're seeing relief in the pork industry. Again, this is -- I'll give you the same warning that I did last quarter. Labor is a very important factor as to how these costs are going to trend in both the near and long term.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Page, Jim and [Indiscernible] good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Jim, I just wanted to dive in a little bit deeper on the labor situation. A few of your peers have talked about vacancy rates or open requisitions that they have somewhere in the range of like 6% to 10%, which is obviously elevated versus normal. I guess just the 2 questions that one, can you kind of give us a sense of where that stands for you in terms of open positions. And then secondly, just as we look at the volume number in 3Q, I think it was on at least on an organic basis, like 1.15 billion pounds. Is that a good kind of run rate number to use in terms of your total volume that you could actually produce until the labor situation kind of corrects? Just trying to understand that part. Thanks.
Jim Snee: Peter, I would start with, I mean, I think that rate is a good range for us, as well. I mean, it ebbs and flows depending on the week, to be honest with you. But I think if you operate with that number, that range in mind, you're in the ballpark. I think there's always considerations when we talk about our volume number. Clearly, we had lower harvest level this quarter, which does have a dramatic impact on volumes. And so we've got to watch that closely. But taking it to a higher level, yes, the idea of labor in our plants does have an impact on the volume and what we're able to produce.  So that's why it is so important that we do take a very aggressive approach in hiring retained, finding those areas to automate, and how do you simplify your operations. We absolutely have to get that done and there's not a higher priority in the organization from a human resource perspective, and a supply chain perspective. So it doesn't give you the specific number you're looking for, but it does at a high level. Labor is a driver for the volume that we're able to produce.
Peter Galbo: No. That's helpful. Thanks, Jim. And A - Jim Sheehan, maybe just two cleanup questions. On the gross margin for the fourth quarter, I think you said improved sequentially, but should we still be expecting that to be down year-over-year? And the second part, I just wanted to make sure that the sales guide for the full year still includes the 53rd week, correct?
Jim Sheehan: Yes, everything includes the 53rd week. And as we said, that guidance is an all-in GAAP guidance. There's still going to be pressure on margins in the fourth quarter, but again, we have additional pricing action that are confident will improve this process. And again, we have the same labor issues we dealt with in the third quarter and we still have the same supply issues that we have been dealing with.  So we know what our employment rate is. But some of our suppliers, we have less visibility to and we've had surprises that have interrupted operations and actually have increased our cost as we've had to go out and find alternative solutions. So it's an improving situation, but I would still expect they will trail last year. The fourth quarter of last year had its own challenges, but I think that would be the trend.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Carson Barnes from Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Carson Barnes: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Can you talk a little bit about international pork demand, especially with respect to the African swine fever. As China and other countries work through that. Are you seeing any changes in demand or risks to the business moving forward?
Jim Snee: We really haven't at this point, Carson. For us, we've been really focused on shifting our international pork supply to a ractopamine-free supply, and that's really allowed us to open up some new markets and price accordingly. So, I mean, that's for our business, that's really been the big driver on the supply side of the business. The other piece that we'd be remiss if we didn't mention is just the freight availability for pork and other international exports. Although some of our branded exports shows growth, freight availability continues to be a risk in the supply chain going forward.
Carson Barnes: Thanks a lot. That's helpful.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Adam Samuelson at Goldman Sachs. Please, go ahead.
Arthur Almeida: Good morning. This is actually Arthur on for Adam. I was hoping we could tackle the inflation question a bit differently. Just looking at the updated guidance and if we take the midpoint of both ranges, it's about a $0.09 downward revision. How much of that $0.09 is attributable to increased inflationary pressures? As you can imagine that the two to $0.07 diluted range leaves it a bit wide for interpretation in terms of how much is actually impacting the business for this year. And if you could also give some color as to what cost buckets those are in outside of feed and maybe by segment. That'd be really helpful. Thank you.
Jim Sheehan: We've talked about the inflationary pressure that exists with the business, if we think that pork inputs will be above last year, they will moderate, we believe from third quarter, but there will still be significant pressure on inflation. Beef is going up as I stated. It's still continuing to grow in the fourth quarter. The freight issue isn't going away, so there's going to be pressure on freight. If anything, we've seen increases in freight costs recently. Jim has talked about the problems that we're incurring with ocean freight and the additional expenses that it's taken to overcome those challenges. The labor issue was an issue that is probably the hardest to read right now. What is going to happen to labor, how quickly it will recover or will it recover at all?  And just the challenges of the supply chain are putting pressure throughout the organization. And those are the issues that we've addressed in our guidance. And we think that we've taken a fair approach to that -- to those issues. I think as far as how you categorize it; I would look at the pork and the beef inputs and identify bad. On the other hand, we are seeing tremendous recovery in the foodservice business. And we're still seeing strong demand in the retail. So the demand is there for our products. We've priced appropriately. It's a matter of having the labor that's available to produce the product and to meet the demand.
Arthur Almeida: Thank you. And I guess on that point with the labor shortages, is there any way you could quantify the magnitude of some demand that you weren't able to meet due to these labor shortages?
Jim Sheehan: I think it's -- as Jim said, it depends what we [Indiscernible] that were being challenged. And as we talked about earlier, it's not just the labor that we have available, sometimes it's interruptions in the supply chain that it's categories that we didn't think we were going to have a problem to pop up. So I would say that constraint is significant and it's across the -- I can't think of a single segment that hasn't been impacted by this labor constraint.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jacob Nivasch with Credit Suisse. Please, go ahead.
Jacob Nivasch: Thank you very much for the question. Just one quick one on pricing, but a little bit of a longer-term perspective here. [Indiscernible] about record sales here, but a lot of it is driven by pricing. And I'm just trying to think once inflation presumably does subside. I know you guys have said in the past that pricing for you guys tends to be sticky. So I'm just trying to think once inflation does subside, what does price look like when that time comes? Would we expect to see this kind of this pricing -- the full amount of pricing here stick? Or, I guess, what are you guys thinking, I guess, when that scenario comes?
Jim Snee: Thanks, Jacob. The key takeaway from our ability to price is through these cycles, we have demonstrated our ability to expand margins over time. So I think if you start with that as the premise, you'll get a good read on what we're expecting to happen. Now, as you go through each of the different businesses and channels, it will be different. You have our Grocery Products segment, which acts and looks more like a consumer products organization. So that pricing will step. You've got our refrigerated foods retail business that has more commodity elements tied to the pricing.  And so, you will see that move up and down based on the raw material performance. Understanding, of course, going back to my original statement, that we have a history of being able to expand those margins. And that's really what drives our stickiness comment. Doesn't it mean that the pricing is going -- that current level is going to stay in effect, especially in refrigerated foods. What we are able to do, though, is expand that pricing over time as raw materials moderate. That's how we think about stickiness and pricing for us.
Jacob Nivasch: I understand. Yeah. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Okay.
Operator: And the next question comes from Rebecca Scheuneman with Morningstar. Please, go ahead.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Good morning, and thanks for the question. So when I kind of look at how your Q3 shaped up, obviously, gross margins are lower. But also, if you look at the SG&A lines, once you strip out those one-time charges, that came in more favorably than I had been expecting. I'm just kind of wondering are these dynamics a reflection of the current environment, or is there something about the Planters business that has lower gross margins, lower SG&A expense?
Jim Sheehan: I think that you have both, Rebecca. First of all, you do have the Planters business coming in and as we've said from a -- for a long time since the acquisition, we knew that we'd be able to manage this business in a very efficient manner. And I think you're starting to see some of the things that we talked about. Woodley(ph) did the acquisition that there is an efficiency here that we believe exists. And the first quarter has given us confidence in that belief. As Jim said, we have a higher sales base that we have not added SG&A at the same level.  So I think that's the first thing to look at. The other thing is that there is an efficiency in the business that we've brought forward with. We've talked about Project Orion for a long time. It's adding efficiencies in our SG&A. One quarter in SG&A doesn't make a trend, but we believe that we have a more efficient operation coming out of 2021 that we had coming into it and we believe that that efficiency is going to provide a long-term benefit to the Company.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to A - Jim Snee for any closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to sharing more about our long-term growth strategy at our investor update on October 14th. In closing, it's clear that we've built a portfolio and business for long-term success. And our team is operating in an incredibly complex business environment. Yet they've been able to deliver record sales results by continuing to execute our long-term growth strategy. While we still have work to do, I am incredibly grateful to and proud of all our team has accomplished in a difficult operating environment. Have a happy and safe Labor Day weekend.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-05-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Hormel Foods' Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Webcast and Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2021. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our Web site at hormelfoods.com under the Investor section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of the company's current and future operating conditions, commentary regarding each segment's performance for the quarter, and a perspective on balance of fiscal 2021. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and commentary regarding the company's current and future financial conditions. The line will be opened for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today, Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 877-344-7529, and the access code is 10155508. It will also be posted on our Web site and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 26 through 32 in the company's Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 24, 2021. It can be accessed on our Web site. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. Once again this quarter I want to recognize the heroic work of our production team members. This team deserves much of the credit for our record sales results this quarter as they continued working to produce safe, high-quality food for millions of consumers and customers. Our number one priority has been to keep our team members safe and our cross-functional COVID-19 leadership team is ensuring we are on the leading edge of the country's vaccination efforts. To date, we have fully vaccinated over 51% of our domestic workforce, which is well ahead of the country's vaccination rate. We are encouraged by the rapid decline in cases in our communities. From a top line perspective, our balanced business model has again proven to be a winning formula as our team delivered record sales for the second quarter and first-half. In total, sales for the quarter increased 8% compared to last year, and the sales increased over 5% for the first-half of the year. A key driver of our sales performance is the rebound in our foodservice business. As expected, our foodservice team experienced a strong recovery and took numerous actions to properly position our organization to capitalize on the industry recovery. For the quarter, foodservice sales increased 28%. This reflects an increase of 1% over 2019 pre-pandemic levels. This is a significant accomplishment especially knowing where the industry was just a few short months ago. Since the beginning of the pandemic, our foodservice teams have been doing their part to support the industry. Within days of the crisis, we worked closely with our distributor and operator partners to assist their businesses in many different ways, whether it was a rebate program to offset food costs, extending payment leniency, helping adjust to the new takeout, delivery, and pickup environment, or simply being available to personally check in with a restaurant tour to see how they were doing. Our confidence in the industry recovery never wavered. We know these actions benefited our distributor and operator partners, and are playing a part in our outperformance of the broader industry trends. During this difficult labor environment our experienced and tenured direct sales force is helping operators meet their accelerating demand with products that simplify their food preparation, save time, and minimize labor, all while preserving the flexibility to add their own unique touch to a menu item. Products like Hormel Fire Braised meats, Sadler's authentic smoked barbecue, Fontanini authentic Italian meats, Hormel Bacon 1 fully cooked bacon, Wholly guacamole, and Jennie-O Turkey are uniquely positioned to meet this need. The brightest spot in our foodservice portfolio has been our pizza toppings business. Prior to the pandemic, we capitalized on the continued growth in this category, especially for premium products, and invested heavily in capacity to meet future demand. We have also been investing in plant-based offerings and are seeing growth from our plant-based pepperoni and Crumbles products. We're excited to leverage our expertise in the pizza toppings category to drive growth in plant-based toppings. With our new capacity expansion, at Burke, and with additional pepperoni capacity set to open at the beginning of fiscal 2022, we are set up nicely to meet the consistent growth we have seen in this space. With the foodservice industry recovery well underway, we will continue to strengthen our relationships with our valued partners, invest in our direct sales team, and support the industry's return to growth with innovative, convenient, and flavorful product solutions. In addition to foodservice growth, our retail and deli businesses also remain healthy, with demand elevated compared to pre-pandemic levels. Total retail sales this quarter were flat to last year as we lapped the months when consumers were stocking their pantries in anticipation of the pandemic. Sales finished up 16% compared to the second quarter of 2019. And we continue to see strength from our leading brands, such as SPAM, Applegate, Jennie-O, Black Label, Herdez, and Wholly. As a reminder, we experienced an immediate and sustained demand surge for shelf-stable products in the Grocery Products segment at the onset of the pandemic. The second wave of demand that impacted our perishable and refrigerated items happened weeks later in the third fiscal quarter. Sales in the deli channel increased 4% this quarter, and are up 9% over pre-pandemic levels. Hormel Gatherings Party Trays delivered strong growth as consumers started to spend more time with family and friends, and consequently are purchasing more products to entertain their guests. The Columbus brand remains a cornerstone for our deli business, and is now benefiting from the opening of our new plant in Omaha, which is providing much needed capacity. Columbus is a leader in charcuterie, and we now have the capacity to continue expanding distribution. Across the retail and deli space our consumer takeaway metrics continue to be positive according to IRI. Many of our brands have made large gains in household penetration, overall buy rates are improving, and we are seeing an expansion in cross-purchasing across our brands. E-commerce sales grew double digits in the last 12 weeks according to IRI, and we are gaining share in important categories. We will continue to increase our investment in this important channel. Throughout the quarter, our supply chain continued to improve as we were able to increase production levels through a combination of gaining efficiencies, increasing capacities, and leveraging our strategic supply chain partners. Another area we have made great strides is in our distribution network. Over the last year, we have opened a new grocery product distribution center, and in recent weeks have opened a refrigerated distribution center serving the West Coast. These strategic investments will reduce overall freight miles in costs, improve our customer service levels, support growth for our value-added businesses, and reduce greenhouse emissions. From a bottom line perspective, operating income showed a slight decline. We saw raw material and feed prices rapidly increase throughout the quarter. We have taken pricing actions in many categories, but did not see the full benefit of these actions during the quarter. As we have previously discussed, in volatile market conditions pricing will lag the markets which will shift profits to subsequent quarters. Net earnings and diluted earnings per share were flat to last year. A higher tax rate negatively impact earnings by $0.01 per share compared to last year. Turning to the segments, refrigerated foods volume increased 3% and sales increased 17% with growth coming from almost every division. Value added sales increased 18% driven by a significant recovery in the food service businesses. As anticipated, we saw a rapid increase in food service demand as the quarter progressed. Almost all categories within food service grew sales led by our pizza toppings portfolio and brands such as Fontanini and Bacon 1. In fact, pepperoni, pizza toppings, Bacon 1, and Fontanini authentic Italian meats all showed growth compared to the second quarter of 2019. We also experienced a recovery in the premium breakfast portfolio with growth from our Old Smokehouse brand. Additionally, we saw excellent growth from our premium prepared proteins which include brands such as Austin Blues, Fire Braised, Café H, and Sadler's. These items are key to our pre-strategy. Items that pre-marinated, pre-cooked, pre-sliced, and fully prepared. As the industry recovery accelerates into the summer and labor remains a predominant challenge for most operators, our line of products offer convenient, safe, versatile, and flavorful solutions. Our retail and deli teams delivered a strong quarter on the top line with growth coming from products such Black Label bacon, Hormel Gatherings, APPLEGATE, Lloyd's barbeque, Hormel PEPPERONI, and Columbus prepared foods items. Refrigerated foods segment profit increased 32% due to higher food service sales, higher retail fresh pork profitability, and decreased operational expenses due abating COVID-19 cost pressures. International delivered a fifth consecutive quarter of record earnings growth with sales increasing 17% and segment profit increasing 6%. The performance of the team in China remains impressive. Food service volumes have recovered to pre-pandemic levels driven by growth from SKIPPY, pizza toppings, and bacon items. Retail demand for the SPAM and SKIPPY brands has also been outstanding. The company's innovative offerings including Beef Jerky, SKIPPY snacking items, and two new SPAM varieties are providing additional avenues for growth. And we remain confident in the long-term prospects for our China business. Branded exports also grew with growth coming from the SKIPPY and SPAM brands, higher food service sales, and improved margins on fresh pork items. In addition, our partners in the Philippines, South Korea, and Europe continue to experience elevated demand for shelf-stable products. Grocery products results were strong given the difficult comparison to last year due to the extremely high levels of demand experienced at the onset of the pandemic. Even though volume declined 14%, sales declined 8%, and segment profit declined 23%, we are encouraged by the segment's performance as we have seen sustained consumer demand for many of our brands compared to pre-pandemic levels. Sales for center store brands such as SPAM, Hormel Chili, Compleats, and Mary Kitchen hash were all over 20% higher compared to our second quarter of 2019. We will continue to support our leading brands including SKIPPY, SPAM, Compleats, HERDES, WHOLLY, Justin's, and Hormel Chili. And we're resuming promotional activity as inventory levels normalize. Our MegaMex joint venture performed well as equity and earnings increased 26%. Both the HERDES and WHOLLY brands grew as consumers looked for authentic and convenient Mexican products to enhance their at-home eating occasions. The Herdez brand continues to outperform the salsa category. This brand has grown households by 3 million since the start of the pandemic, and has introduced industry leading innovation to the marketplace in recent years. Following the highly successful performance of Herdez Guacamole Salsa, we continue to expand distribution and grow share with two new product lines; Herdez Taqueria Street Sauces and Herdez Salsa Cremosa. Recently, Herdez also entered the hot sauce market with the introduction of Herdez Avocado Hot Sauce, another versatile offering that can enhance any meal. The Wholly brand had a strong quarter as well as it continues to target consumers looking for convenience solutions to enjoy avocado offerings. Our recent innovations including Wholly Smashed, and Wholly Diced avocado products solve for that consumer need and as we saw across many of our refrigerated foodservice businesses, demand for avocado products in the channel started to return during the quarter. Jennie-O volume decreased 3% and sales increased 2%, a recovery in the foodservice business and higher Hormel retail sales drove the sales increase. Foodservice volumes were up double-digits compared to last year. Demand for Jennie-O retail products such as lean ground turkey remained above pre-pandemic levels. Jennie-O turkey store segment profit declined 54% due to the impact from higher feed costs. Grain prices continue to increase significantly during the quarter, while pricing action had yet to be fully reflected in the marketplace. Jim Sheehan will provide further commentary on the actions we have taken to manage higher corn and soybean meal costs. Looking into the balance of the year, we're increasing our full-year sales guidance range to $10.2 billion to $10.8 billion and reaffirming our earnings per share guidance range of $1.70 to $1.82 per share. As a reminder, this guidance range does not include the estimated impact of the pending acquisition of the Planters Snack Nut business. Our diversified and balanced business model gives us confidence. We can perform well in many different economic scenarios and market conditions. We have a very positive outlook on the foodservice business as we head into the second-half of the year. We're well-positioned from an inventory and capacity standpoint to meet the demand from our distributor partners and operators and are confident in our ability to gain share throughout the recovery. Additionally, we're increasingly confident that K-12 schools and colleges and universities will open and operate in a more traditional manner this fall. This should benefit both refrigerated foods and Jennie-O turkey store. We continue to see elevated demand in the retail deli and international channels. We expect to further benefit from pricing actions, increased capacities on key product lines, and continued improvements in our supply chain. This year, we have seen rapid increases in key input costs across our businesses and we expect to operate in a high cost environment for the remainder of the year. Our experienced management team has a proven ability to navigate and grow our business in volatile and inflationary market conditions and once again, we'll be leveraging our direct sales force to partner with our customers to mutually grow our businesses. As a reminder, our operations were heavily impacted by plant shutdowns, supply shortages and lower production throughput caused by the effects of the pandemic in the back half of fiscal 2020. This ultimately led to lower levels of inventory, which negatively affected the third and fourth quarters. Further strategic actions we have taken to improve all facets of our operations and based on our record first-half performance, we expect to benefit from more normalized operations in the back half of fiscal 2021. I am confident in our ability to continue growing and I'm looking forward to closing the acquisition of Planters next month. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Snee to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter. Give update on our financial position and provide commentary regarding key input costs market.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Jim. Good morning. Record sales for the second quarter were $2.6 billion, an increase of 8%. First-half sales increased 5% to $5.1 billion, also a record. Pre-tax earnings increased 2% for the quarter, compared to last year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.42 per share flat to last year. Second quarter results reflected approximately $0.01 per share in incremental COVID related costs and $0.01 in higher tax expense. SG&A excluding advertising was 6.5% of sales, down slightly to last year. Advertising spend for the quarter was $31 million. Operating margins for the quarter were 11.1%, compared to 12.1% last year. Higher raw material and feed costs negatively impacted margins, as pricing lagged input cost increases. We have taken numerous pricing actions across the portfolio to protect profitability. The actions will take place early in the third quarter with additional pricing actions likely. COVID related expenses were $6 million. The impact of COVID expenses continued to decline. Net unallocated expenses decreased due to higher investment income. The effective tax rates for the quarter were 22.1%, compared to 20.6% last year, excluding the impact from the Planters acquisition. We estimate the full-year tax rate to be between 20% and 21.5%. We built inventory during the quarter in preparation for higher demand and to support continued growth for the remainder of the year. Our strategic action to build inventory was the primary driver of lower operating cash flow during the quarter. We paid our 371st consecutive quarterly dividend effective May 17 at an annual rate of $0.98, a 5% increase over the prior year. Share repurchases were minimal during the quarter. Capital expenditures were $45 million in the quarter. The company's target for capital expenditures in 2021 is $260 million. During the second quarter, we saw dramatic increases in pork and hog prices. USDA composite cut-out prices since January have increased more than $30 with all primals contributing to the increase. Key inputs such as bellies and trim increased 57% and 76% respectively during the quarter. Pork exports also set an all-time record in March due to African swine fever outbreaks in China, Southeast Asia and Europe. We anticipate strengthened pork market due to continued export demand and a food service recovery domestically. USDA is now projecting pork production for the year to be slightly lower than 2020. Industry operating efficiencies are expected to improve as COVID pressures abate. However, labor availability, tighter hog supplies and reductions in the Herdez support higher markets. Our balanced approach to hog and pork procurement mitigated cost volatility during the quarter. In high costs and volatile environments, the strength of our leading brands and balanced approach to procurement continues to be a competitive advantage. The guidance range assumes elevated and volatile market conditions for the balance of the year with some moderation heading into the fall. We expect hog prices in the USDA composite cutouts remain well above year ago levels due to strong domestic and export demand along with tighter hog supplies. We anticipate prices to peak during the summer and go gradually decline in the fall, consistent with the seasonal increase in harvest. Belly prices are projected to remain higher than last year in historical averages. We anticipate markets to stabilize near the current levels of volatility due to local storage levels in strong demand in the foodservice channel could cause inflationary pressure. Pork trim prices are expected to moderate from the current levels, but labor shortages across the industry remains a key risk to trim prices as limited boning capacity directly impacts trim supply and pricing. Due to the higher beef harvest levels in the summer months beef prices are anticipated to be lower in the back-half of 2021. In response to global supply and demand imbalances in corn and soybean meal we have taken strategic hedges to fully cover grain costs for the remainder of the year. The positions also provide a benefit if markets decline. These hedges coupled with the previously announced pricing actions are expected to protect Jennie-O's profitability. Turkey poult placements and egg sets have declined. Inventory levels are lower compared to last year. The tightening of supply had led to higher whole turkey and thigh meat markets. We have also recently seen an increase in breast meat prices. A recovery in the foodservice industry remains the key driver for higher prices for this support market. We anticipate inflationary pressure on freight in the back-half of the year, but tactical action to optimize our distribution with two new DCs combined with improvements in load efficiencies will help mitigate a portion of the increase. We have attained the required regulatory approvals for the acquisition of the Planters snack nut business. The scheduled close date is in June. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today will come from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys, good morning. Thank you for taking the question.
Jim Snee: Morning, Peter.
Peter Galbo: And Jim Sheehan, thank you for all of the commentary. Jim, I guess just thinking about the guide, and the move, and in sales relative to kind of keeping EPS flat. If we were to just take the midpoint sales guide, it kind of implies that you'll see a relatively decent acceleration in gross margins in the back-half of the year, something in the magnitude of 60 to 70 basis points kind of versus what you did in the front-half. A, I just wanted to see if that's kind of how directionally you're thinking about it. And just given all the headwinds you called out, understanding that the pricing actions are coming through, what would drive kind of that sequential improvement in gross margin?
Jim Snee: Yes, good morning, Peter. Thanks for the question. I mean and really what we're talking about here is the timing, the volatility, the magnitude of the inflation that we're seeing. And so, that the pricing actions that we have taken didn't happen all right at the beginning of the second quarter. And quite frankly, we're not done with all the pricing actions that we need to take. So, we've got a lot of activity on that front. And so just the sequential action in our pricing is what will lead to that sequential improvement in margins. And so as you think about Q3, you'll see improvement, but probably some slightly lower margins as pricing hasn't quite caught up. Q4, really start to see more normalized margins as full pricing takes affect across the board. And I think it's important to note that we've either taken or will take price across almost all of our business.
Peter Galbo: No, that's helpful. Maybe just to clarify there, Jim, on the third quarter, is that lower margins sequentially versus last year versus normal? And then just that the second question, as we think about Jennie-O, obviously you've locked in some of the feed cost for the remainder of the year. Jim Sheehan, I think you tossed out a 9% operating margin bogey as a target maybe for this year. Is that timeline kind of pushed out to '22 or '23 at this point? Thanks very much, guys.
Jim Snee: Well, I'll start on Q3. And I think your -- the first question, is that's relative to last year, so slightly lower margins to last year just as pricing hasn't fully caught up.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I'll touch on the JOTS issue, Peter. First of all, as we talked about there, pricing is now in place to cover that first ramp up of grain costs. And as we talked, we protected the grain cost for the rest of the year. And it with also having downside protection on that, so we're 100% covered on grain. The other thing is that we talked about, is what's happening in the markets. When you think about Jennie-O, the fundamentals which we keep pointing towards over the last few years are better. Hog sets and -- or egg sets and poult placements are both down 3% to 4%. And you're starting to see that with the cold storage levels continue to be the 26% below the five-year average. What you're starting to see now is some nice improvements in the commodity markets around turkey. For instance, yesterday you saw breast meat at $2.11. That there are a lot of watch-outs for JOTS, but there's also a fair amount of upside. And we're starting to see that upside come through. We've launched these -- the fundamentals point towards better markets for probably a year now. They really haven't taken place, but they do seem to be taking place as we go forward. As far as the 9%, yes, these -- the drastic jump up in grain costs obviously delayed that. So, we look at the full-year margin of 9%, that's really been pushed out a bit.
Peter Galbo: Got it, guys. No, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question today will come from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Jim Snee: Hi, Adam.
Jim Sheehan: Hi, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. Jim Sheehan, maybe continuing on some of the JOTS questions there, and in your last response you referenced kind of a whole bunch of -- some positives, but a bunch of watch outs. Apart from grain cost, I'd love to hear kind of the key things that are still in your mind. Is it less reflective of demand growth and kind of your performance in retail, shelf penetration? Just what are you kind of focused on there besides the grain cost as the key watch out?
Jim Sheehan: Well, I'll start with a little bit on the watch-outs, and I'll turn it over to Jim to talk about the performance. I think as you look at the inflation that we've seen recently and as you look forward, obviously you have the grain is impacting inflation. For that you've got the demand, though we know the demand is very solid. Weather conditions look pretty good; [indiscernible] seem to be maybe a little bit understated at the USDA. So, that looks okay, it looks good at this point. Obviously, in June, we'll have a better read of that. But as I would look at things, I think the other thing that's impacting inflation is labor availability. I mean getting people back into their jobs will, I think, alleviate some of the labor pressure. From a COVID standpoint we're in really good shape, but it's getting new hires, it's getting people back to the job that probably is a watch-out for me, not only of JOTS, but across the industry.
Jim Snee: And Adam, I would say more from a business perspective, I think our retail business has performed well. Again, it's hard in a year-over-year environment, but if we go back to pre-pandemic, especially in our lean ground turkey, very, very strong performance, pleased with the distribution gains, household penetration, the velocities that we're seeing. From a foodservice perspective, they're a little bit more exposed with the K-12 business, the school business, which obviously didn't come back in full strength. We do expect to see that in the fall, and then spillover into 2022. So, as we think about it from a retail and foodservice perspective, there is optimism on the business front.
Adam Samuelson: All right, that color is really helpful. And then my second question was really just thinking about trajectory of foodservice as we go into the back-half of the year, you kind of gave some color where the second quarter was up versus '19 levels. How do you think the industry performed or I guess the relevant categories for you on a similar metric? And just areas where you think you're maybe gaining some outside share that's giving you some optimism?
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean I think it's fair to say in a really broad base, we outperformed the industry here in the second quarter. And that's not new, right. I mean as even pre-pandemic, we talked about our foodservice business typically growing at double the industry rate. And so, we're confident that we've outgrown or grown faster than the industry. For us where we see future opportunities in a number of our segments, we haven't seen lodging come back. We really haven't seen college and university fully come back, which is a big part of our Hormel Foodservice business. I referenced K-12 for the Jennie-O Foodservice business. So, there's still a lot of dynamics at play. And so even as these other segments, these other channels really start to reopen, those are going to have a favorable impact on our foodservice business as well.
Adam Samuelson: I really appreciate that color. I'll pass it on, thanks.
Jim Snee: Thank you.
Operator: The next question today will come from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. So I guess just given what we saw in Q2 foodservice now above where you were in 2019, groceries still very strong. So if you exit the pandemic, I mean, do you guys think now that you'll have a much higher foodservice and grocery business going forward?
Jim Snee: I think, Rupesh, we've always felt very confident in all of our business obviously we've talked a lot about the strength of our business in particular in the center of the store. And so we think it will continue to be strong post-pandemic, you're going to have some moving parts and some volatility in year-over-year, quarter-to-quarter. But I believe, once things settle down, we'll see our continued strength in center of the store grocery business, continued strength in our refrigerated retail business and then we've always talked about our real competitive advantage in the foodservice space. And I think that's playing out right now. It'll continue to play out this year and into the future.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. And then maybe one follow-up question. So as you look at grocery products, I'm curious how you guys are thinking about that segment for the balance of the year. And then as sales trends have turned negative for other players as well, how would you characterize the current promotional backdrop?
Jim Snee: Yes, the biggest driver for us right now, Rupesh is getting some of those Tier-2 and Tier-3 items back on shelf. And that's really what retailers need as we want to provide more promotional activity in the back half of the year and into '22. You can't just have one variety and have a promotion. So as our supply chain has recovered, and we've been able to focus on those varieties, we're seeing retailers being a lot more willing to engage in promotional discussions, which will be very, very helpful for the business in the balance of '21 into '22.
Jim Sheehan: The only thing I'd add to that Rupesh is that remember our fourth quarter in GT was significantly constrained by capacity issues in our operations.
Rupesh Parikh: Great, thank you for the color. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Palmer with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Hi, thanks for the question.
Jim Snee: Hi, Tom.
Tom Palmer: You mentioned on the earnings call that more price was expected to flow through in the second-half of the year; price mix of 11% this quarter, highest in years. I know you typically don't provide this, but just given the magnitude of the price mix figure, could you help us in detail on how much mix really contributed to that number in the second quarter? And then how much maybe pricing we should expect to really ramp as we look at the second-half of the year? I mean, you're putting up a little bit now. I mean throwing 5% on top of that or some sizable number?
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I think it's a great question, Tom. As we think about our business, and that price mix, I mean, really a key driver in the second quarter was our foodservice business, which tends to track markets more closely than the retail business. We did have some impact of retail pricing in the quarter. But again, it wasn't for the entire quarter. But the big driver in the quarter was foodservice.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thank you. And then in the prepared remarks, Jim Sheehan you noted the magnitude of hog and pork price increases, last year saw some weaker hog pricing, you called out hedging losses. I know there'll be more color in the 10-Q but just any detail on hedging this quarter, such as maybe gains that flow through?
Jim Sheehan: Sure, Tom. I appreciate the question. Remember our accounting method is one that we do not mark-to-market our positions, but we run them through the cost of goods at the time the product is sold. So as you look at our -- the realized gains and losses are in the quarter, the unrealized are in other comprehensive income. And those will be in $45 million range of unrealized gains and losses and that would be for hogs, grain and our interest positions.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thanks. Thanks for that detail, just to confirm not a factor this quarter it would recognize that?
Jim Sheehan: It didn't give us much help this quarter. It was a pretty immaterial amount.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, I guess a couple of clarity questions. Just on that Jim, the $45 million, I guess those are hedging gains. So those will flow through at a positive way to your P&L as you sell the product. But it's also -- there's also higher input costs flowing through wall. So they're kind of fighting against each other for the next couple of quarters. Is that…
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean the unrealized gains or gains based on the market that close what would be a factor. Now we also, as I stated before, we also have our interest hedges in there, too. So those are more related to the debt that we will be issuing and have a longer tail that obviously the grain or the hog markets. So it's a mixture.
Robert Moskow: Okay, I'll follow-up on that. Regarding the 6% pricing in grocery in the quarter, can you give a little color on what kind of product lines you raise the pricing on? Is that going to accelerate as well? Or is that kind of like a new normal for a while, because of actions you took in March?
Jim Sheehan: Yes, frank that the biggest driver to the pricing in the front part of the year, Rob was the SKIPPY price increase that we took earlier in the year. In GP, I mean, we still have additional pricing action to come, whether it's SPAM, or Herdez, I mean the number of different GP items. So we did have some in the first-half, but there's still more to come in the back half of the year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. That's my questions. Thanks.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. Just wanted to go back to the share gains, kind of broadly, and maybe try to understand a little bit the landscape at a high level, I guess, just looking at ten year foodservice growth versus 2019, and the strong retail growth versus 2019. Assuming people aren't just eating more -- there's clearly some momentum there that is coming from somewhere. And I suppose there's a chance there's maybe a permanent reset of pantry inventory, but even that probably a small. So can you just give a sense of, who you're gaining share from? Are there smaller competitors that have suppliers that have gone out of business? Or just how do you kind of understand how you're sourcing your share gains?
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean, it's a mix, again, depending on which category you're talking about. I mean, in some cases, we are in line with categories. So whether you think Bacon, or SPAM or peanut butter, I think we've seen some outpacing in some of our meal offerings, as you mentioned, I think we've seen it in our Mexican portfolio, which really is taking that net share from competitors. So I think as you go across the portfolio, Michael, it really is a mixed bag of where those share gains are coming from.
Michael Lavery: Okay, thanks. And just following-up on the foodservice piece, you called out the boosted gave, partly from the past through pricing there. Can you give us a sense of how much pricing is passed through in your portfolio versus just what requires a less increase?
Jim Snee: Oh, I mean, the majority of the foodservice business is I'll call it off a traditional priceless. So that gets adjusted on a weekly basis and we tend to see that pricing reflected in -- we've always said within 30 days. So a significant portion of our business is still done that way. We do have some other pricing arrangements, obviously with larger national accounts. But just think about it where the majority -- more than the majority of the business is on a paster basis.
Michael Lavery: And on the retail side?
Jim Snee: Well, I mean, we've always said that, more of a 90-day price action in terms of having the discussion with the customer getting accepted, and then getting it implemented. Really the only difference there would be retail fresh pork, which I mean, does play a role and still has a significant part of our portfolio. But it's that is priced on a weekly basis.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question will come from Eric Larson with Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. So the first question is, and I think, Kim Sheehan kind of refer to some of this. But can you talk a little bit about, hog supplies, we're not going to see a huge increase in production this year, these high grain prices probably are disincentive yet we have. Hog prices, live prices well over $100, 100-weight right now. Supply constraints on your biggest raw material, is that a possibility going forward here and it looks like grain prices could be high for a while. So how do you look at maybe the next couple of years, just not just this year, but maybe next in terms of hog production in the U.S.? And what are farmers doing out there?
Jim Snee: Well, as we've talked about in the past, Eric, we do long-term contracts with our producers. And as you're aware, these producers are large operators with a high level of capital and tend to keep their barns filled. We also get a large portion of our production from a contracted facility, the three-month facility, which is made up of producers; they tend to like to keep their own plants full. So, I'm very confident that we'll have the supply that we need both short-term and long-term. When we go through these cycles all the time, it hard prices have increased rapidly. The prices have gone up a lot. You're right; grain prices are high right now. We'll see other growing season what results are from the growing season to see what impact it has on prices. But these are long-term agreements, and we're not having anybody get into negotiations about taking down their volume. So I'm highly confident.
Eric Larson: Okay, then my follow-up question is on your supply chain conversion, and all your efforts that you've done on that it was to Ben, quite remarkable. And I think we even alluded to the benefits of your improved supply chain in your -- in the press release. But I believe if we go back, I think, at one point, you said that supply chain was going to have this number incorrect. So, correct me if I'm wrong, but about $75 million of supply chain cost benefits. But that was a while back? Can you give us a quick update on how the supply chain is helping you here? And it's got to be helping your cost structure. And then obviously, it keeps you from having to price too aggressively as well. So can you share that dynamic with us? And give us a little update there?
Jim Snee: Sure. It's a great question, Eric. And we have spent a lot of time and effort over the last three plus years, putting together our one supply chain. And it's really been our initiative to take this fragmented approach throughout the supply chain and really capitalize on the efficiencies and take cost out. And so, we've done a lot of great work in our operations. In our logistics, as we mentioned are some of the warehousing initiatives that we still had going on. And you're right, probably the first two years of supply chain and even going into the pre-pandemic we talked about our ability to have cost savings of $75 million. Last year, obviously, was a bit of a disruption. But that didn't stop the good work that was happening behind the scenes. And I think you'll see that play through when we talk about our ability to open up new warehouses to help mitigate some of the cost pressure on GP and now on our refrigerated portfolio. And the other thing is for me personally I can't imagine us having gone through the pandemic with a fragmented supply chain. Having one voice from the top setting directions and making sure that the entire team was aligned was very, very powerful and necessary for the organization. So, I mean the benefits to the organization has far weighted the financial returns. And, we are in a significantly better place today as a result of our efforts on one supply chain.
Eric Larson: Okay, great. Thanks. And have a great Memorial holiday.
Jim Snee: Yes, thank you. You too, Eric.
Operator: The next question will come from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Pooran Sharma: Hi, good morning. This is Pooran on for Ben. I just had a one quick question. What has the ramp in food service sales and corresponding capacity utilization improvement contributed to margin?
Jim Snee: Oh, yes, I mean I think obviously they go hand in hand. And we've talked about some -- coming out of or I should say in the midst of the pandemic the underutilized capacity which of course led to some of our increased COVID cost. So, there has been a benefit. But really the big driver and the way you should think about the food service business is the volume that we have been able to drive in the marketplace. And really it's the really reopening, the re-engagement with distributors and operators. And then I mentioned earlier with a number of different segments that really haven't open yet or hit their stride. So, not only we feel good about where we are today but the opportunities that are yet to come.
Pooran Sharma: Great, great. And may be if I could just squeeze one more in?
Jim Snee: Yes, go ahead.
Pooran Sharma: Just regarding your price increases, do you think that you will be able to hang on to some of these increases after this period of cost inflation abates? And maybe you can just help us think through what will be easier versus harder to achieve?
Jim Snee: Yes, that's a great question. And it's something that we talk about a lot because nobody likes to be in the midst of the inflationary period with all the market volatility. But it's not new to us, right? I mean we've managed through multiple inflationary periods over the course of our business. And our management team, our leadership has a well-established plan for how we take pricing, how we appropriately promote, and really to your point about how we work hard to maintain that pricing over time. So, yes, we do believe that we'll be able to do that as we've demonstrated in the past.
Pooran Sharma: Great, thank you for clearing the questions. That's it from me.
Jim Snee: Yes, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Antonio Hernandez with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Antonio Hernandez: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. [Indiscernible] international segment sales were very good with margins [indiscernible] could you give us a little more guidance in what you see there [indiscernible] from expenses and cost point of view in the international segment and your domestic segment? Thanks.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I would say the big issue -- the big difference between the international and domestic right now is the whole ocean freight issue including containers that's creating some additional cost in the system. Freight, we have been able -- freight is up a little bit. Domestically, we have been able to manage that as we've improved our supply chain. But ocean containers freight availability goes back to this issue around labor that's created some not only higher cost but also some shipping interruption. And I think that's probably going to last for the rest of the year.
Jim Snee: Yes. The optimism that we have in our international segment I mean it is broad based. But certainly with the high level of focus on the continued growth and the continued success that we are seeing in China from both our retail and food service businesses and I mentioned it in my remarks, but we are really excited about the performance of SPAM, how we've been able to really gain distribution and the acceptance of that brand, and how we are launching innovative new flavors. The SKIPPY business continues to be very, very strong, non-traditional innovation with our Hormel Beef Jerky. And so, we continue to expect growth coming out of that business and across all areas, other multinational exports and partnerships.
Antonio Hernandez: Okay, thank you very much. Have a great day.
Operator: This will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Yes. Well, thank you all for joining us today. Our strong performance this quarter once again demonstrates the resilience of our entire team and the strength of our balance portfolio. We know that we still have work to do for the balance of the year, but we remain very optimistic about the future, and we look forward to bringing the Planters business, and the Planters team on Board in June. Thanks again for joining us.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hormel Foods First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunities to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis. Please go ahead.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2020. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investor section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of the company’s current and future operating conditions, commentary regarding each segment’s performance for the quarter, an update on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and a perspective on the balance of fiscal 2021. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and commentary regarding the company’s current and future financial condition. The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan’s remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today, Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 877-344-7529, and the access code is 10152030. It will also be posted on our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to pages 5 through 9 in the company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 25, 2020. It can be accessed on our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. As we approach the one-year mark of the pandemic, I want to express my gratitude to our plant professionals for their continued dedication, energy and focus. They continue to be the true heroes of our company during this time. On our last earnings call in November, we were witnessing an increase of COVID-19 cases in the United States. Our number one priority has been to keep our team members safe, and we have been very focused on our best-in-class preventative measures and on educating our employees through our awareness campaign KEEP COVID OUT! As the pandemic evolves and the vaccine becomes more widely available to our team members, we'll continue to keep the health and safety of our team members as the top priority. We were among the first to offer a COVID pay program to allow those who were ill or had symptoms to stay home from work and still be paid. Additionally, we paid $11 million in fiscal 2020 in unconditional bonuses to our team members to provide further financial security. Our program has resulted in minimizing the spread of COVID in our workplaces and our communities. Recently, we've been encouraged to see cases decline, and the number of team members on our COVID pay program drastically decreased. This gives us increased optimism as we head into the second quarter. We are pleased to announce the entry into a definitive agreement to acquire the Planters business last Thursday. We have many leading brands at Hormel, and the acquisition of the Planters snack nut business will be an excellent addition to our company. Over the past 10 years, we've made numerous acquisitions, all of which are meeting our strategic objectives. The performances of MegaMex, Wholly, SKIPPY, AppleGate, Justin's, Sriracha, Fontanini, Columbus and Sadler's give us a high level of confidence in our ability to successfully integrate, operate and grow the Planters business. The acquisition of Planters is the perfect strategic fit. The addition of this iconic, branded, high-margin business continues our evolution as a global branded food company, moving us further away from a commodity-oriented, meat-centric company. As one of our biggest brands, we will give it a high level of focus and attention. Our core competency and brand stewardship will be key to our success in unlocking the power of the Planters brand. We know how to manage brands, and Planters is right in our sweet spot as we know, Planters is more than simply peanuts in a jar. Planters also perfectly complements, enhances and expands our existing snacking business, joining brands like Hormel Gatherings, Columbus, Wholly and Herdez. There are numerous opportunities to leverage the consumer insights from both portfolios to drive further innovation and improve growth for our entire snacking business. The Planters business gives us another iconic brand to grow and increases our scale in key areas such as center store and convenience stores. Integration into our direct sales force is a high priority, and we know there are immediate opportunities to improve distribution and drive sales growth. Another priority for us is to integrate the business into our One Supply Chain and Project Orion platforms. We expect synergies from this integration for the Planters business and for our existing business. There's a lot to love about this acquisition, and I'm excited for the transaction to close, so we can begin to give the Planters business the attention and focus it needs to grow. Now turning to our first quarter. Our team generated strong top line growth, with sales increasing 3% to a record $2.5 billion. All four segments delivered sales growth, an achievement that hasn't been accomplished since 2016. Incremental supply chain costs related to COVID-19 of $15 million were the primary reason for a $13 million decline in pre-tax earnings. Net earnings and diluted earnings per share declined 9% due primarily to incremental supply chain costs and higher tax expense. As in prior quarters, we continue to strike a balance between the consumer demand we are seeing and our supply chain's ability to meet that demand. We increased production levels this quarter through a combination of improving efficiencies, bringing on new capacity and further leveraging our strategic supply chain partners. We expect this steady improvement to continue throughout the year. We have been successful in a number of critical categories, and we will continue to make progress across the portfolio. Our retail business continued to perform extremely well, with sales increasing 13% for the quarter. Brands such as SPAM, SKIPPY, Hormel Chili, Hormel Black Label, AppleGate, Hormel Pepperoni, Lloyd's, Hormel Fully Cooked entrees and Justin's all delivered very strong growth. Most encouraging was the sales growth we saw from the Jennie-O brand. Every major retail category, including Jennie-O Lean Ground, turkey burgers, oven-ready items, bacon and marinated meats grew. The Jennie-O brand continues to resonate with consumers, and the efforts we have made on gaining back customer distribution are paying off. Our e-commerce business continues to be a bright spot as it almost doubled in the last 12 weeks according to IRI. We grew share in several key categories and have a high level of momentum in online grocery pickup, delivery and direct-to-consumer. Our deli channel sales increased 7% this quarter. Columbus-branded products led the way with exceptional growth from grab-and-go items. The opening of our new plant in Omaha this quarter, which produces Columbus Charcuterie products, will provide much-needed capacity for this business. While the Columbus brand was the clear leader for us this quarter in the deli, our team generated growth in every deli segment they compete in, including grab-and-go, prepared foods, behind-the-glass and fresh sliced deli meats. Our Party Tray business also grew volume and sales over the holiday season despite fewer group gatherings, a testament to our team's ability to keep this brand relevant. We saw positive signs of recovery in foodservice this quarter, even as the business declined 17% compared to last year due to the continued impacts of the pandemic on the industry. We continue to see strength in our business within important segments such as pizzerias, QSRs and convenience stores. Our direct sales force also made excellent progress pivoting to high-growth areas such as commissaries and ghost kitchens as they secured new distribution with both distributors and operators. Turning to the segments. Grocery Products delivered very impressive results this quarter. We saw top-line strength across many of our brands, including SPAM, SKIPPY, Hormel Compleats and Herdez, which led to volume increases of 4% and sales increases of 7%. We implemented a price increase for our SKIPPY business this quarter, once again demonstrating our ability to price in our categories. We are also encouraged with the performance of our recent innovative new items, including SKIPPY Squeeze, SKIPPY No Sugar and SKIPPY with added protein spreads. Our MegaMex joint venture had a strong performance this quarter as well, with equity and earnings increasing by 31%. This growth was led by our retail brands such as Wholly, Herdez, CHI-CHI'S and La Victoria. In addition to the MegaMex results, the 35% increase in segment profit was driven by higher sales and a favorable mix. Refrigerated Foods volume declined 2%, and sales increased 1%. Our retail and deli teams overcame see year-over-year declines in our foodservice business to deliver growth for our value-added business. Applegate had a particularly strong quarter, with growth fueled by both category momentum and share gains across core categories such as frozen breaded chicken, breakfast sausage, bacon and hotdogs. I continue to be optimistic about the momentum we are building in the Applegate business. We also delivered excellent results in our Hormel Pepperoni business both in foodservice and retail. Our teams continue to optimize the brand by focusing on our core products in the category and simultaneously leaning into our new Cup N' Crisp innovation. We plan to maintain our advertising efforts for Hormel Pepperoni to ensure we retain the households we gained during the initial pandemic buying. Refrigerated Foods segment profit declined by 16% due to lower foodservice sales, a significant decline in commodity profitability and increased supply chain expenses due to COVID-19. Profitability was also impacted by onetime start-up expenses related to our new plant in Omaha. Jennie-O volume decreased 2%, and sales increased 1%. We saw exceptionally strong retail and whole bird sales, which overcame significant declines in foodservice and commodity. Our retail business grew double digits this quarter, with growth coming from almost every category in which we compete. We have taken price increases across our portfolio and expect those to be effective late in the second quarter. Whole bird volumes increased by strong double digits due to a very positive holiday season. Our foodservice business was impacted by lower K-12 and college and university business in addition to continued weakness in the foodservice industry. Jennie-O Turkey Store segment profit declined 30%. Lower foodservice sales increased supply chain cost related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and higher freight expenses were key drivers to the lower profitability. Grain prices increased significantly during the quarter but only had a modest effect on earnings. We expect the primary impact of higher grain prices to affect the coming quarters. In addition to pricing action, we have taken additional actions to manage higher corn and soybean meal costs. International volume decreased 5%. Sales increased 13%, and segment profit increased 61%. Once again, the strong sales and earnings performance was led by our retail and foodservice business in China. SPAM, SKIPPY and Beef Jerky were all key drivers to growth in China. We remain very positive about the short and long-term prospects of our China business. We also saw strong branded exports for brands like SKIPPY and SPAM. Similar to prior quarters, our affiliated businesses in the Philippines, South Korea and Europe continue to show high levels of growth. Looking to the balance of the year, I am increasingly optimistic about delivering sales and earnings growth. As such, we are establishing fiscal 2021 guidance for the full year at $1.70 to $1.82 per share. As a reminder, this guidance range does not include the impact of the acquisition of Planters. Similar to prior quarters, we believe there are three key drivers to our near-term and long-term performance; retail dynamics, the recovery in the foodservice industry and the performance of our supply chain. Our retail, deli and international teams need to maintain their momentum and outperform their respective categories. Our brands continue to gain new households, and our repeat rates remain very strong. The depth of repeat, those consumers purchasing our brands multiple times, is incredibly positive with almost all new buyers for our brands making two or more repeat purchases during the first quarter. As a whole, our brands continue to make household penetration gains with brands like Herdez, La Victoria and Columbus increasing household penetration by over 20%. For the foodservice channel, we are optimistic about a foodservice recovery and confident in our ability to gain share during the recovery. During the pandemic, operators have been looking for products to simplify their food preparation, save time and minimize labor, all while preserving the flexibility to add their own unique touch to a menu item. Our direct sales force continues to meet their needs with products like Hormel Fire Braised meats, Sadler's authentic smoked barbecue and Hormel Bacon 1. The recent trends we are seeing in our foodservice businesses are positive. We have been able to react quickly to increased demand as cities and states have eased dining restrictions, allowing patrons to return to their favorite restaurants. We also anticipate our noncommercial business, such as K-12 schools, colleges and universities and healthcare to recover as the pandemic subsides. The most encouraging signs we are seeing are in our supply chain. We made excellent progress on increasing capacity to meet the high levels of demand from our customers. Steady week-over-week improvements, lower levels of absenteeism, new capacity and a continued vaccine rollout are all reasons we have a positive outlook. Our supplying team hit two major milestones this quarter; with the opening of our new dry sausage production facility in Omaha, Nebraska; and the opening of our pizza toppings expansion at Burke. Both projects were on time and on budget, which is truly amazing considering both projects were constructed primarily during the pandemic. Our plant teams have made progress on labor availability and in almost every location, our labor situation has improved. We expect that trend to continue into the second quarter and beyond as the vaccine becomes widely available for our team members. We now have a higher level of visibility into the coming quarters and remain confident in our team's ability to deliver our sales and earnings guidance this year. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter, give an update on our financial position and provide commentary regarding key input cost markets.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning. Record sales for the first quarter were $2.5 billion, an increase of 3%. COVID-related direct expenses of $15 million were the primary driver to pre-tax earnings declining $13 million or 5%. Absent the COVID expenses, pre-tax earnings would have increased. Total COVID expenses have started to decline from the prior quarterly run rate of $20 million. This was driven by higher volumes through our production facilities and improved efficiencies in our logistics network. Earnings per share for the first quarter was $0.41 compared to $0.45 last year. On an after-tax basis, first quarter results reflected approximately $0.04 per share in incremental COVID-related costs and higher tax expense. SG&A excluding advertising was 6.6% of sales, down slightly compared to the prior year. Advertising spend for the quarter was $34 million compared to $35 million last year. We continue to invest in our leading brands, including SPAM, SKIPPY, Hormel Pepperoni, Black Label and Jennie-O. Operating margins for the quarter were 10.9% compared to 11.8% last year. The decline was driven by COVID related expenses and the continued impact from lower foodservice earnings. Unallocated expenses included deferred compensation, expenses related to tax settlement and deal fees. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.7%. Last year's rate of 16.3% was affected by the large volume of stock options exercised in the quarter. Excluding the impact from the Planters acquisition, we expect the full year tax rate to be between 20% and 21.5%. Cash from operations was $206 million during the quarter, a 9% increase. Even with record sales, inventory levels continue to gradually improve throughout the quarter due to improvements in operations, labor availability, internal capacity expansions and increased use of strategic manufacturing partners. We expect inventories to continue to build throughout the second quarter. There is a risk for inflationary pressure on freight expense both domestically and internationally. However, we expect improved efficiency factors to offset some of the higher freight costs. We paid our 370th consecutive quarterly dividend effective February 16 at an annual rate of $0.98, a 5% increase over the prior year. During the quarter, the company repurchased 200,000 shares for $9 million. Capital expenditures were $40 million in the quarter. We opened the pizza topping expansion of Burke and the new dry sausage facility in Omaha. Work is also underway to expand our pepperoni capacity. The company's target for capital expenditures in 2021 is $260 million. Last Thursday, we announced the definitive agreement to acquire the Planters Snack Nut portfolio for an effective purchase price of $2.79 billion. The transaction was structured as an asset purchase and included a $560 million tax benefit. The adjusted 2020 EBITDA multiple on the effective purchase price of $2.79 billion was 12.5 times. This acquisition is financially attractive. Our disciplined approach to valuation allowed us to secure a leading brand at a multiple below the industry average, take advantage of historically low rates, increase our company sales by 10%, improve the profitability of the portfolio with accretive margins and responsibly leverage our balance sheet. We expect to finance the transaction with cash on hand and a combination of long-term and short-term debt. We will be able to borrow the funds at approximately 1.5% and expect to be able to significantly deleverage the debt in 18 months to 24 months. We are targeting a 1.5 times leverage by 2023 and are very focused on retaining a strong investment-grade rating. The cash flows from our existing business along with Planters allows us to maintain our long-term capital allocation strategy. We will continue to prioritize returning cash to shareholders in the form of annual dividend growth. Industry operating efficiencies, labor availability and production levels continued to improve during the first quarter, driving less volatility in the hog market compared to the back half of 2020. Hog weights are currently at historically high levels, which have led to balanced market conditions. In 2021, the USDA is projecting pork production to increase 1%. With an expected recovery in the foodservice industry and higher grain prices for the balance of the year, we anticipate hog cost to increase. Our balanced mix of hog and pork supply contracts will help us manage the risk of higher prices. The USDA complies the cutout was in line with last year during the first quarter. Recently, we have seen strength in the cutout, supported by strong demand for pork domestically and internationally. We continue to monitor export demand and ASF in China, Southeast Asia and Europe. ASF continues to be a risk in the pork industry. We have seen the disease could be successfully managed in areas with modern agricultural practices. We expect higher prices for pork with less volatility than last year. The strength of our brands and balanced approach to procurement continue to be a competitive advantage. Pork trim markets are expected to remain higher during the second quarter of 2021 and decline in the back half as labor availability and processing plants improves. Beef trim prices are expected to be lower in 2021. We anticipate belly prices to be volatile in the near term driven by strong demand and foodservice industry growth. Strong Chinese demand and drought conditions in South America continue to generate higher grain prices, which is expected to negatively impact Jennie-O Turkey Store. Like the pork industry, we are closely watching the fundamentals for grain. The primary factor we are watching are global demand, planting intentions for the coming season and weather conditions in South America. We manage freight costs through a combination of spot buying, derivatives and adjusting feed formulas. Additionally, we have announced pricing action across all Jennie-O products to protect our profitability. We are prepared to take additional actions as conditions change. Fundamentals in the turkey industry remain mixed. Egg sets, hold placements and cold storage are below year ago levels, while prices for commodity breast and thigh meat remain depressed. Poult placements have been declining recently, which will likely lead to lower levels of supply. Because the foodservice industry is a key outlook for breast meat, as the foodservice industry recovers, breast meat pricing is expected to improve. We are finalizing the implementation plans for the Planters business. We will have the HR and payroll functions integrated by the closing date. The finance and supply chain will be fully implemented within one year of closing. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to start - you called out the comments related to grain cost pressures in Jennie-O. And I want to focus there, if we could, for my first question. You talked about your actions around pricing. I'm wondering, to the extent that you're able to talk about how severe or meaningful, the higher costs are expected to be for you? And as you think about pricing increases, what you think the receptivity from the market is of higher prices? And how meaningful that offset could be to the higher prices?
Jim Snee: Thanks, Ben. Obviously, this is a high priority for the Jennie-O Turkey Store team going forward. But they've been working over, really, the last month or so to implement pricing. And while they're not entirely done, I would tell you that there's been a lot of success in terms of getting pricing through. Obviously, the rationale that we have in terms of what's happened in the grain market supports - very strong underlying support. So the team has done a nice job there. And as we go forward, the idea of elasticity with pricing is something that has been difficult to measure given the pandemic. What we do know is we've continued to see exceptional demand for the Jennie-O Turkey Store retail products. So we remain very optimistic on the success that this business can have for the balance of the year.
Jim Sheehan: So Ben, just to give you some type of scope. Cornmeal is up you some type of scope. Corn Nuts up about 40%, while soybean meal was up about 15%. Now we have a significant position. It's less than half of our corn hedged at a lower price than the current markets. And we have the ability to change the formula. So as you can imagine, we're moving the formula to more of a soybean meal-based formula away from corn. That will offset a portion of the cost. So really there's multiple approaches we've taken to mitigate the risk around these increases. Jim talked about a very effective approach on price increases, along with the shifting of the feed formula and the positions that we've taken. And we took these positions probably six - more than six months ago.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. My second question is related to the supply chain. And obviously, you've made a number of investments over the last several years. You've gotten a few capacity expansions stood up here in this first quarter. And Jim Sheehan, you made some comments that you expect some of the freight - higher freight headwinds to be offset by supply chain improvements. Can you talk about the - as you get through some of these enhancements that you made with Orion, some of the capacity expansion starting to mature in terms of fixed cost absorption, the benefit that afford you on the supply chain cost equation relative to any cost inflation you might see, that would be helpful.
Jim Snee: Yes. Ben, I'll go ahead and start on the freight costs, and I'll let Jim finish with Project Orion. But one of the things that we have been challenged with is our supply chain has battled over last year and early this year is that we've had a number of inefficiencies in terms of how we're - how we've been able to ship trucks. And so because of that, we've had some higher freight costs and haven't had the opportunity to optimize our loads like we typically do. So we have seen some higher freight costs. And while there are expectations that freight rates will increase, we see a pretty significant opportunity for us to be able to offset a good portion of those as our supply chain continues to pick up momentum and we're able to fill trucks in a more optimized manner. So yes, there'll be some flip freight inflation. But again, we think there's going to be a really good opportunity for us to offset that with some internal efficiencies.
Jim Sheehan: Ben, I'll talk a little bit about your second portion of your question, and that's how Project Orion will benefit us in this area. First of all, we have visibility across all of the businesses under one platform. And that's given us great insight as to where our costs are coming from and how we can manage those costs from a purchasing aspect, the - having all purchasing done under one platform, giving visibility into the costs. The other thing is that on freight, we're able to do some significant analysis as to where we can provide benefits on freight and how we can improve our load levels, what our load levels are actually running across our business organizations. So it is providing a significant benefit as we go through. And it's very timely as we're hitting probably a bit of a period of inflation going forward to understand what our actual costs are and what levers we can pull to manage those costs.
Operator: The next question will be from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Erica Eiler: This is actually Erica Eiler on for Rupesh. Thanks for taking our questions. So first, I actually wanted to quickly follow up on last week's Planters acquisition. I was just hoping maybe you could give us some more insight into the private-label dynamics in Planters categories and the gross margins there. And then lastly, Kraft also made reference to Planters as a commodity. So how do you think about its categories in terms of being a commodity?
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning, Erica. I'll go ahead and I'll take that one. I think the other thing that we talked about last week was the items that you just mentioned. I mean those were at the top of our list in the due diligence process. And our team did a phenomenal job, not just identifying those risks, but really putting together an action plan for when we do own the business, how we can offset that.  When we think about private label, when we across our existing categories, private label shares can range across the board. And right now, what we're seeing is the average center store range is about 20%. And the Planters brand, as they face private label, they're seeing about the same percentage of private label. And again, that's across the board, there's different subcategories. So the idea of a private label being a risk, a threat, a competitor, not new to us at all. So obviously, we're prepared to manage our business accordingly.  From a gross margin perspective, I think what we had talked about last week was probably a little lower down in terms of profitability. But without giving too many specifics, it's safe to say that Planters' gross margins are - they're well above our total company average, and they're also above our Grocery Products average.  And then the other thing, just in terms of the category, we know how to manage brands. We've said that multiple times. And so when we think about commodities and pricing and price elasticities, this brand is very similar to all of our other large brands. So yes, not new to us. We know how to manage it. And when you roll all those things up, from our perspective, this business is not a commodity business. I would go so far to say, again, from our perspective, we know a commodity business when we see one. And this is not a commodity business. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Erica Eiler: Yes. No, that's very helpful. And then just switching gears to Grocery Products. I mean you're obviously facing some challenging comparisons here the next couple of quarters. Can you maybe again, just talk a little bit more about your confidence in lapping this growth? Any puts and takes you can share with regards to how you're thinking about these laps, I think, would be really helpful?
Jim Snee: Sure. I think that there's going to be a lot of puts and takes across the entire portfolio for the balance of the year. We know in the second quarter, we saw the significant run-up in Grocery Products. But we also saw the significant collapse of our foodservice business. And so - and then in Q4, if you recall, we talked about the difficulties we were having in our supply chain and meeting the absolute demand that we are getting from our customers.  So there's a lot of give and take for the remaining three quarters. As we've laid out the business with our business units and reviewed how we think the business is going to flow and it’s their optimism that obviously fuels my optimism, and also the results that we are seeking the supply chain. And all of this do not discount the impact of supply chain and allowing us to achieve our goal this. So - they run so much better its really made a difference in our business. So all those things together Eric has really what has allowed us to reinstate our guidance and become increasingly optimistic about the business for the balance of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Wanted to take you up on the capacity side of it, and kind of, explore that a little bit. Can you talk about what products were capacity constraints? Which products are not capacity constraint now? And which ones won't be capacity constraint in the future? And then what do you think with the scope of the cost that was associated with that?
Jim Snee: Well, I'll take the first part. And I'll let the CFO take the numbers part Ken. You know the biggest constraints that we saw, and we talked about this in Q4 was really in our in our grocery products business. You know, spam at the time was one that was capacity constrained. We knew that we had a capacity expansion that we were in the process of, and we saw that capacity come online in few one, and that's really helped our spam business. But we call our general canning business which would Chilly, Stew, Hash. You know that is one where we most recently identified co-packer opportunities. And we expect - we're still not in demand, but we expect that to continue to improve over the balance of the year.  I think we did talk about pepperoni in Q4 that we had a new line that was getting up to speed. And that has done just that and that's really afforded us the opportunity to expand both our retail and foodservice pepperoni business. So, you know, as we look to the future, you know, part of the optimism is - we are far less capacity constrained. You know, clearly we're not out of the woods. We've got to meet customer demand. But I think everything that we said we were going to do, and that we knew that we needed to do in Q4, as happened. Jim - I don't know from a cost perspective. 
Jim Sheehan: Sure. Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning.
Jim Sheehan: The last half of 2020 was, as Jim said, tremendously impacted by supply chain challenges. So as we look at it from a financial standpoint, the first area that we should talk about is foodservice. We've seen some very interesting trends in the last, let's say, few weeks on foodservice. And we have idle capacity in foodservice. So we have no problem filling that foodservice need. So any growth in the foodservice category is unrestrained and a great opportunity for us is that business. So we're confident it's going to continue to improve. In the Grocery Products category, we talked about a tremendous Q2 that we had. But Q3 and Q4, I think it's safe to say were crippled by supply chain challenges that really are not existing anymore. The availability of labor is much better than it was last year. And so that's going to be able to allow us to grow Grocery Products in the back half of the year. Jim talked about Refrigerated Foods, how we've had some constraints in the pepperoni business. And that we have additional capacity that's come online there, and we're doing a very nice job of recovering the pepperoni business and actually seeing some very significant growth in pepperoni in the foodservice. So I think it's hard to underestimate how much of an impact the constraint had in 2020 and the opportunity that we have in 2021. And one of the other things that we haven't talked a lot about is that during this time of constraint, we've found some very significant efficiencies in our operations that have helped us produce product even in a difficult time period. Now as we increase it, we'll be able to take those efficiencies and actually drive cost issues and efficiency issues throughout the operations.
Ken Zaslow: I fear I might underestimate the capacity. Can you give us some dimension to how we think of - how that could actually add, not just to this year but really to 2022 and 2023? And I'll leave it there, and I appreciate it.
Jim Snee: Well, I think as you've seen the growth in some categories, you see our ability that if we could fill that full demand. There would be some important improvements. I think - as I've talked about in - Grocery Products, I think, is a good benchmark, where we see growth in the back half of 2021 in Grocery Products strictly based on improvements in the supply chain.
Jim Sheehan: Yes. And Ken, I would just add, I mean, the other factor that's unknown at this point are really the channel dynamics. And so, as perhaps retail - as people are looking to get away from home and eat out, as Jim mentioned, our foodservice capacity is ready, willing and able to meet that demand. So I think that's going to be an even more important part of our story as we get to the back half of 2021 and into 2022 as we see foodservice recovery continue.
Operator: And the next question will be from Eric Larson with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Thanks everyone. Thanks for taking the question. So Jim Sheehan, quick question for you. You talked about the financing rates for Planters. Just for clarification, is that 1.5% just on the incremental debt that you're going to borrow? Or is it the blended rate between the percentage of cash and debt that you're going to use to finance the transaction?
Jim Sheehan: It's a blended rate of the debt, including the $1 billion that I took out in June of last year. And for instance, we'll be retiring $250 million worth of debt in April that has a 4.25% rate. So if you think about that interest in the current interest rates, we'll be retiring some reasonably high level interest rate debt and replacing it with much lower interest rate.
Eric Larson: And my second question is for Mr. Snee. Jim, the pandemic has obviously impacted the foodservice Turkey markets pretty significantly. And the oversupply in that industry has been pretty significant for a while. We just haven't seen that - the industry recover like, I thought, we would have a long time ago. Will the current pandemic, maybe rationalize the industry, a little bit more? Will you come out of the back end of this potentially, with a stronger - maybe lower supply - structurally supplied industry?
Jim Snee: Yes. Eric, I mean, I don't know. And I wouldn't want to comment on, what some of our competitors might do. From our perspective, we feel really good about the work that we've done, leading into the pandemic, if you go back to some of the stumbles, we had. But then, the effort and the strategic focus on growing distribution in lean ground turkey, right before the pandemic hit, I believe that a lot of the success, we've had on the retail side is directly attributed to that expanded distribution that the team was able to achieve. In terms of what inventories look like, I mean, clearly, a lot of breast meat. Turkey breast meat is used in the foodservice industry. And so that collapse, has had a dramatic impact. And obviously, there are implications to that across the entire industry. What we have seen is continued strength in the retail business, some recent increase in our Jennie-O foodservice business. And so we believe, that there's a lot to be positive about with our Jennie-O Turkey Store business heading forward.
Jim Sheehan: Eric, the item that I would add would be, that we've been looking at the fundamentals in this industry for a long time and reminding others that, that's probably the best indication of where the business is going. We've seen decreases in pork placements for several months now. But in January, egg placements are down 9% and pork placements were down 12%. I think that's a strong indication of where the industry is going from a capacity standpoint.
Operator: And our next question will be from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Thanks for taking my question. Jim, just the first question, I wanted to ask about the color you gave around pork inflation. And maybe it's a bit of a two-parter. The first part of that being, I guess, the inflation that you're seeing now would appear to be more, I guess, tangible versus 2019 when it seemed like it was more speculative around ASF and whether or not there was going to be a lot more shipment of pork out of the U.S. I just want to see if that's, A, a fair statement or at least how you're thinking about it internally. And then B, you mentioned a bit around consumer elasticity on Turkey, but just is there anything from your consumer insights team on the pork side that you're seeing any changes in consumer behavior that would make you feel more confident maybe this time around in your ability to get pricing on bacon, pepperoni those types of items?
Jim Sheehan: Well, I think the first issue, Peter, is part of this is going to depend on the recovery in foodservice. So if you take the bellies, bellies are up 1.95 right now. They have been running in the one - mid-1.30 range. I think that's an indication that there is some recovery in the foodservice, that there is an expectation that, that demand is going to pick up. We expect these - these prices for the full year to run in the mid-1.40s, somewhere in that range, which is above last year's levels. One of the other things that you're seeing, though, is that you're going to have some probably pressure taken off of certain markets. Trim markets are in the 90s right now, and I still think that's a component of the fact that there's not enough labor to do the boning. As labor returns into these facilities, those prices are going to go down. That's just a labor issue. So we think the bellies are going to be volatile as we go through. And demand is going to have - be impacted by the foodservice recovery.
Jim Snee: Yes. And Peter, I mean, we remain very confident in our ability to price. Already this year, we've taken price on SKIPPY. We talked about the Jennie-O Turkey Store pricing. We've had bacon pricing Columbus, and really our total deli business has taken pricing as well. So as we obviously follow the inflationary factors and see what's happening in the business, we feel very confident in our ability to price.
Peter Galbo: Okay. Thank you both. That's very helpful. I guess just two quick clarifying questions here. One, on Grocery Products, just - there was an acceleration, right? And some of that was the capacity unlocked. But I just wanted to make sure, was there any inventory - like retail or inventory rebuild in that first quarter number? And then on the investment income, the rabbi trust, just that was up quite a bit. So how do we think about that maybe in 2Q and for the rest of the year? Does it reverse? Just we have to put something in the model. Thanks very much.
Jim Snee: Yes. Peter, I would say that no, there really hasn't been any retailer inventory rebuild. And I say that just based on the demand we're seeing and our ability to fill that demand. And so I do think it - obviously, there's still very strong consumer demand. But then it also speaks to the fact that at some point, we are going to have the opportunity to fill the pipeline as well.
Jim Sheehan: And thanks for the question on the interest income. That's coming from our rabbi trust, which backs up our deferred compensation program. Any gain that we have in interest expense, if you look at our corporate unallocated line, that's up so much this quarter that is an expense that offsets the gain in interest expense. So when you look at the net of the additional deferred comp expense I incurred in unallocated and the gain that I've seen in the interest income, they offset each other. They appear at two different spots on the financial statements, but theirs is an offset there. So there is no benefit on an EPS basis of the increase in investment income. It's offset in the above-the-line unallocated line. Does that help you at all?
Peter Galbo: Yes. No, it does. I guess just as we think about that number going forward, it can be pretty volatile from quarter-to-quarter. And so I guess just what's the best way to think about it?
Jim Snee: Sure. The best way to think about it is, it has no impact on the company's results because whatever gain or losses accrue in interest income are offset by gains and losses in corporate unallocated. So it has no impact on my P&L.
Operator: And the next question comes from Tom Palmer with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: First, I just wanted to ask on the CapEx side. You cut your outlook, I think, by $90 million this morning. Just curious what drove the reduction? Is this to free up some CapEx for Planters? Are there other specific projects that maybe were halted or pushed into 2022?
Jim Sheehan: Yes. It's a great question, Tom. And it is - it's one big project that we've gone ahead and pushed back later in the year, and we expect the majority of that expense to fall into next year. So it's not a cancellation. It's not a need for additional capital. It's just a delay in a project that we will still complete.
Tom Palmer: Can you disclose what that project is?
Jim Sheehan: No. We haven't announced that yet. It hasn't been approved.
Tom Palmer: Okay. And then on the Jennie-O side, I just wanted to make sure I understood the timing of costs versus pricing. Should we think about the second quarter as being the toughest margin quarter, just given that pricing is being instituted during the quarter and we're seeing that input cost inflation now? And then a quarter ago, you mentioned Jim Sheehan, 9% EBIT margin as maybe an outlook for this year. Do you have an updated outlook how we should maybe be thinking about that full year?
Jim Sheehan: Sure. You're exactly right, Tom, that the second quarter is going to be the biggest challenge for Jennie-O as they absorb the cost. But as you know, when you bring pricing on, there's a ramp-up period and a wait period for that pricing to be effective. So that will have an impact in Q2, and it will slightly impact what we talked about previously as far as margins but not significantly, but it will have a minor impact on my expectations for Jennie-O.
Operator: The next question will come from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: A couple of questions. Jim and Jim, you mentioned some interesting trends in foodservice demand over the last few weeks, and I think you mentioned pepperoni being one of them. Can you give us a little more color on what type of restaurant change you're seeing that from? And do you think that's just a response to declining COVID rates? And then secondly, there's a lot of pricing in the International division during the quarter. Can you give more specifics as to what that pricing was for? And mathematically, is that - should we expect that level of pricing throughout the year?
Jim Snee: Yes. Rob, I'll go ahead and start. I mean, from a foodservice perspective, I mean, it is your more traditional restaurants, fast-casual pizzerias that we mentioned, QSRs, where we're seeing strength in the business. We haven't seen a pickup in some of the travel venues in terms of hotels. But as we've seen the business continue to improve towards the end of the first quarter into the second quarter, really some of our best weeks since the pandemic began. So we had also seen some increased business. It would have been probably end of October, early November before the second wave began. So we know that it's not new and that the trends are real, and we believe that we're going to be able to sustain this going forward. And then the pepperoni business has really been ongoing throughout the pandemic because that is an area that really never slowed down. Any slowdown for us was just capacity-driven, which now we have our new line up to speed, and we're meeting those expectations.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Rob. Regarding our International business, it is a broad-based improvement in our business. There isn't an area of this business that hasn't improved, and it's certainly not a result of pricing. It's better results in our - our operations in Brazil and in China. It's more profitability within our exports, both branded and fresh pork. So it's an improved mix, but it's really no - I mean pricing isn't the driver here. This is just a broad-based improvement in business internationally in all aspects of International.
Jim Snee: And we expect our International business to remain strong for the balance of the year, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Okay. But maybe if I could, am I reading this wrong? I thought volume was down in International, but sales were up 13%. So is it a mix driver?
Jim Snee: That's a mix issue.
Robert Moskow: Okay. What's driving the mix? Is it SKIPPY and SPAM drives the mix positive?
Jim Snee: Yes. Yes, I mean, it's the branded products that are - that have a high demand internationally that is driving the better mix.
Operator: And the next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: I just want to make sure I understand some of the trajectory for Refrigerated Foods and the margins. You've called out some of the headwinds, and those are clear. But it looks like the margins might have been the lowest since around 4Q 2015. I know you mentioned some of the second half catalysts or benefits that should come through. Does it get worse before it gets better? Or are we - should we expect an upswing already from here? What's some of the puts and takes maybe between now and into the second half?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, the positive for Refrigerated Foods, obviously, are the strength in the foodservice recovery. And so if we expect to continue on the path we're on, that will be a very positive impact. Refrigerated Foods also gets hit the hardest in - with COVID costs. And so as we see COVID costs hopefully mitigate over the balance of the year that will continue to be - or have a positive impact on Refrigerated Foods as well.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks. And just a follow-up on the second quarter-to-date what you've seen, just any color maybe you can give? And is there - sort of in the moment, but any maybe weather watchouts or any impact on Sadler's production? I know we've also seen some reports about maybe some risk to things like cattle, but it doesn't seem like maybe hogs are affected. So just any update on maybe kind of think what you're watching now.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, obviously, this week was a difficult week for a lot of people. We saw a large spike in spot prices for natural gas. We made some quick decisions to mitigate the increase. And then the other thing is not all of our locations are impacted. So, any of the impact, Michael, is really short-term and nothing that's going to have a broad-based, longer-term impact on the business.
Operator: The next question will be from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Good morning Jim and Jim. Just 1.5 quick ones. So, first of all, could you elaborate a little bit on how organic growth was versus inorganic, because if I remember right, still the first quarter did benefit from Sadler. You used to give those data points in past earnings releases, but I couldn't found it in this one. So, just to understand like the underlying dynamic without Sadler's, how was the performance here?
Jim Snee: Well, without Sandler's - and obviously, Sadler's is not a large sales volume business, but it's still up without Sadler's. So, on an organic basis, our sales are up.
Ben Theurer: And then just following up quickly on the commentary around the international piece. I think you've mentioned earlier as well some of the headwinds on the freight side. So just to understand what your expectations are when it comes to freight on the International business, just to serve those markets because clearly, international has been a surprisingly good market in most recent quarters. But obviously, there needs to be the delivery of product as well. And just to understand what you're seeing on the freight side and the international context.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, the most difficult part, Ben, is really just making sure that we secure the containers for that business. And so that's really been the focus of our team. When we talk about overall freight, we talked about low single-digits. I mean that's inclusive of International. So that's our total company per view of how we're thinking about freight.
Operator: The next question will be from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sarah Davis: This is Sarah Davis on for Adam. Just a quick question around the guidance for me. I guess, thinking about the ranges, so on the sales side, kind of implying between 1% and 7% growth year-over-year. So I guess, anything you can provide, just helping us think about what state of the world gets you to the high versus low end of the range would be super helpful. Appreciate it.
Jim Snee: Yes. It's a great question, Sarah. I mean, it really is as long as there aren't significant downturns in any of the channels. I mean, you might expect some softness as one picks up, it's going to have an offsetting impact to another. But we believe that our foodservice business is really going to be the key driver for us for the balance of the year. And so, what that recovery actually looks like, I think is going to play a large part in where we fall in the range. But we also do expect to see our retail business, whether it's Grocery Products or our Refrigerated Foods retail businesses, still provide some growth. So as I said, I think the biggest thing for us is what happens with foodservice. We do believe it's going to recover. It's going to improve. The rate and the scale at which that happens is really going to have a big impact on that outlook.
Operator: And the next question is a follow-up from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: I appreciate the follow-up. Two parts; one is, when you're taking the pricing increase, is it covering the current environment? Or is it anticipatory? And the increase in volume from Jennie-O was it any sort of pre-buying ahead of the price increase?
Jim Snee: Yes. No, great questions, Ken. Yes, that pricing is to cover the current environment. And then no, none of the performance at Jennie-O would have been by it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Snee for any closing remarks.
Jim Snee: I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning. As we discussed, there is a lot of momentum across all parts of our business. We also know there is work to do to deliver our sales and earnings guidance this year. But we also know that we have the right people, the right portfolio to deliver the results that we need. Thanks again for joining us. Stay warm and stay safe.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-11-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 A.M. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section.  On our call today is, Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of the company's current and future operating conditions, commentary regarding each segment's performance for the quarter, an update on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and a perspective on fiscal 2021. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and commentary regarding the company's current and future financial conditions.  The line will be opened for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today, Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 888-317-6003, and the access code is 5831860. It will also be posted on our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 34 through 41 in the company's Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 26, 2020. It can be accessed on our website.  Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance. These non-GAAP measures include organic volume, organic sales, adjusted diluted earnings per share and operating free cash flow. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed on our press release located on our corporate website.  I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. Before we get into the business results of the fourth quarter, I want to say thank you to all of our supply chain and plant professionals. They continue to show up every day and their dedication is remarkable. They are the heroes in our company during this pandemic. We remain focused on keeping all our employees safe, supporting our communities through these difficult times and meeting the needs of our consumers, customers and operators with safe, high-quality food. With a dramatic increase of COVID-19 cases upon us, we are doubling down on our awareness campaign called KEEP COVID OUT! These various preventative measures are focused on stopping the spread of the virus in the communities where we live and work and keeping the virus out of our production facilities. In addition to our virus mitigation efforts and safety initiatives, in August, we announced a milestone effort in our commitment to education. Our new program called, Inspired Pathways, will provide for every graduating senior who is the child of one of our employees, the opportunity to attend community college on us. This program is one of a kind and truly uncommon.  Our team is making excellent progress on the program and we are excited for the first class to begin in the fall of 2021. We know the application process is a major roadblock to college admission. For this reason, we are building out a network of mentors in our company to assist employees and their children through the college application process.  Hormel Foods is a change maker and we are excited for the impact this program will have for our families and our future Hormel Foods families for generations to come.  Fiscal 2020 was, by all measures, challenging. This year certainly tested our balanced business model. Coming into this year, we were confident we could deliver record sales, but never could we have imagined how it unfolded. All four operating segments contribute to the record as each grew sales for the full-year.  This is even more impressive when you consider all four segments have sales into the foodservice channel, which showed sharp declines due to the pandemic. An important component to our growth this year was innovation. I am pleased to say our team achieved our goal of having 15% of our sales coming from new products created in the last five years.  Even in the midst of the pandemic, our team developed, launched and grew new product sales. Key items contributing to this accomplishment are SKIPPY peanut butter squeeze packs, Hormel Cup N' Crisp pepperoni, Herdez Salsa Cremosas, Happy Little Plants, Plant-Based Pepperoni and Foodservice, and many other innovative items. Earnings per share for the full-year were $1.66, compared to $1.80 last year. This includes over $80 million in incremental supply chain costs, representing almost $0.12 per share. This is in addition to a $0.10 headwind from the divestiture of CytoSport in 2019. As you think back on 2020, our experienced team managed through a lot of rapid and unpredictable changes. We’ve been through a lot in the last nine months and we have gained an understanding on how to appropriately operate in this environment while never sacrificing employee safety.  In March and April, we all witnessed the foodservice industry collapse. On-premise dining was shutdown completely and most establishments were not prepared or structured to handle a large influx of pickup and delivery orders. Simultaneously, grocery store shelves were emptied due to incredible consumer demand.  We saw raw material markets decline precipitously as demand dropped, only to see markets spike as some harvest facilities temporarily paused operations. We also put multiple production facilities on a voluntary pause to protect the health and well-being of our team members, while also dealing with our suppliers pausing their production. It seem like each week since the pandemic started, we had a different raw material ingredient or packaging component shortage to manage through. As we sit here today, we believe there is more stability across the industry because of the learnings from the last nine months, even as COVID-19 cases surge across the country.  In the foodservice industry, even though on-premise dining is being restricted again in many states, operators are better prepared to effectively manage pickup and delivery. Our supplier community is also more experienced and had to handle manufacturing facilities and limited labor situations. There are countless other examples of improved stability across the food supply chain, but the bottom line is we do not expect there to be the same level of chaos as there was nine months ago.  Looking at the fourth quarter, volume decreased 2% and organic volume decreased 3%. Sales decreased 3% and organic sales decreased 4%. Earnings per share was $0.43, down from $0.47 last year, only reflecting $0.03 per share in increased supply chain costs related to COVID-19. Turning to our segments. Grocery Products volume increased 1% and sales declined 1%. Low inventory levels and production limitations in certain categories such as can meat and chili, limited our ability to meet the unprecedented customer demand. In categories, such as nut butters, where we had adequate capacity and labor, sales grew double digits. Earnings for Grocery Products increased 1% as improved results in categories such as nut butters and microwave meals offset increased freight expense and lower earnings from our MegaMex foodservice business. International volume decreased 1%. Sales increased 8% and segment profit increased 55%. The strong sales and earnings performance was led by our retail and foodservice business in China. Products like SPAM and SKIPPY have shown exceptional growth, but we’ve also seen growth from innovative new items such as our Hormel Beef Turkey.  This product was launched in e-commerce channel and is the most successful new product launch in Hormel China’s history. We remain very positive about the long-term prospects of our China business.  International demand for SKIPPY peanut butter and SPAM luncheon meat was very robust. Both our U.S. export business and our affiliated businesses in the Philippines, South Korea and Europe benefited from this consumer demand.  Jennie-O Turkey Store volume declined 2% and sales declined 6%. Growth in Jennie-O lean ground turkey and whole birds was exceptionally strong. We did experience declines in foodservice, which was disproportionately impacted by lower sales to K-12schools. Segment profit decreased 21%. Lower foodservice sales and increased supply chain expenses associated with COVID-19 were key drivers to the profit decline.  The plant pauses in the second quarter continued to impact performance within our vertically integrated supply chain. Refrigerated foods volume decreased 4% and organic volume decreased 5%. Sales decreased 5% and organic sales decreased 7%.  Brands such as Applegate, Hormel Black Label, Hormel Fully Cooked Entrees and Hormel Always Tender generated exceptional growth this quarter. Lower levels of inventory and production limitations on certain categories such as dry sausage and sliced meats limited our ability to meet the unprecedented customer demand.  Our foodservice business, which has historically represented approximately 40% of refrigerated food sales saw double-digit declines during the quarter. Earnings declined 17% due to lower foodservice sales and incremental supply chain costs related to COVID-19.  Looking forward, our solid performance this year amidst the uncertainty posed by the pandemic, along with our balanced business model gives us confidence we can perform well in many different economic scenarios.  To give you a sense for how we are thinking about the future, I’d like to walk through three important drivers to our near-term and long-term performance; retail dynamics for our brands, our leadership position in the foodservice industry, and our supply chain performance.  In the retail channel, like most food companies, we have seen dramatic increases and measures such as sales, household penetration, buy rates and repeat rate for our retail products as consumers ate more meals at home.  Instead of reviewing all the metrics, I want to provide some inside into the underlying consumer dynamics we believe are important to understanding how Hormel Foods is positioned to outperform as the pandemic subsides.  Long before the pandemic started, we were witnessing a shift away from the traditional sit-down family dinner. Anyone who was kids has experienced this. Many activities, not enough time and dinner was whatever could be eaten between activities.  The pandemic brought the sit-down family dinner back. Meals previously eaten on the go have become family activities and early on were viewed as enjoyable and highly anticipated within the home.  Through our research, we recognize that consumers are enjoying the new ritual of eating at home, but when products that are convenient, versatile, and flavorful. We have a portfolio of brands that meet these consumer needs. These brands were growing before the pandemic and we believe they will have staying power as the pandemic subsides because they are uniquely positioned to meet the evolving needs of consumers.  Another important trend in retail is ecommerce. We continue to drive market share gains in our biggest and most important categories as consumers quickly gain acceptance of ordering food online. We continue to shift our investments towards this channel and are excited by the growth we see.  Turning to the foodservice channel, we are committed to the future of foodservice. We are confident consumers will want the choice to purchase food prepared away from the home. As a leader in the foodservice industry, we are adjusting and investing in our capabilities.  We are shifting resources to faster-growing channels, investing in our direct sales force talent and continuing to support the foodservice distributor and operator community as they battle through this difficult time period.  We cannot overstate the importance of relationships in this industry and the long-term competitive advantage our direct sales force provides. When the foodservice industry returns to growth, we understand operators will be looking for products to simplify their operations, save time and minimize labor, all while preserving the flexibility to add their own unique touch to a menu item.  Products like Hormel Bacon 1, Hormel Fire Braised Meats, Sadler's Authentic Smoke Barbeque and Café H globally inspired proteins are well-positioned to thrive in this market.  Finally, I want to address our supply chain. In many categories, we have purchased at very high levels relative to our historical performance. We have been able to steadily improve our throughput as we learn how to operate in a COVID-19 environment or supplement our internal production with trusted co-manufacturing partners.  On our first quarter call, we talked about short-term supply chain risks including lower inventory levels, limited labor availability, and production inefficiencies that could impact our ability to meet the unprecedented demand.  This played out in certain categories in the fourth quarter. Production in categories like can meats, pepperoni and Chili was constrained due to labor shortages, but also because of COVID-related changes in our production lines.  Our supply chain team has done an excellent job solving for each individual issue and our production capacity is structurally higher as we move into 2021. We continue to focus on the health and safety of our employees which impacts our ability to adequately staff our facilities.  Our COVID-19 leadership team including operations, quality control, communications, R&D and human resources are working tirelessly to keep our team informed on COVID-19 preventative measures.  We are much better at adjusting through rapid changes in staffing than we were when the pandemic started and we’ll continue to keep the health and safety of our employees as the top priority. A benefit we have this coming year is additional capacity from the investments we’ve made before the pandemic started.  Our work expansion in Nevada, Iowa will open in our first quarter and will give us additional capacity for pizza toppings. Throughout the pandemic, we have seen sustained demand as pizza continues to be a favorite amongst consumers and patrons. This new capacity will help us meet that demand. We will also be opening our new dry sausage production facility in Omaha, Nebraska during the first half of the year.  This facility will produce Columbus Charcuterie products, which is an important milestone in the trajectory of this leading deli brand. We also announced an additional investment for pepperoni capacity. This will give us the runway to continue growing our retail and foodservice business.  As you consider the various factors influencing our business, and our favorable balance across the retail, foodservice, deli and international channels, we are optimistic about our ability to grow sales and earnings in fiscal 2021. While uncertainty exists, we do want to give you some basic insight into how we see the year playing out.  For our retail business, it will be hard to replicate 2020 from a sales, demand perspective. However, we do expect continued growth albeit at a slower rate. For foodservice, we expect a modest recovery in the industry, but likely not fast to 2019 levels. Today, foodservice operators are better equipped to drive growth even with fewer patrons physically in their restaurants or venues.  We expect modest growth in our deli business as retailers are more experienced in operating their deli business in a COVID environment. As a reminder, our deli business exhibits characteristics of both retail and food service.  Finally, our international business is poised to continue growing and barring any unforeseen geopolitical issues is expecting a strong performance next year.  Hormel Foods has the right strategy. Our business fundamentals are solid and we are on sound financial footing. I continue to be incredibly optimistic about our long-term performance, even as we navigate all the uncertainty COVID has brought. As a global branded food company, our balanced and diversified business model positions us to win across all of our key channels.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter, give an update on our financial position, and provide commentary regarding key input cost markets. 
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning. Net sales for the fourth quarter were $2.4 billion, a decrease of 3%. For 2020, the company generated record sales of $9.6 billion, a 1% increase. Our balanced model proved successful as all four segments grew sales for the year. Fourth quarter and full year segment profit declined 9% and 4% respectively.  The business absorbed approximately $81 billion in incremental COVID-related expenses during the year with $20 million impacting the fourth quarter. Earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.43 compared to $0.47 last year. Our fourth quarter results reflect approximately $0.03 an incremental COVID-related expenses and $0.01 in losses on strategic cost positions.  Full year earnings per share decreased 8% to $1.66. On an adjusted basis earnings per share declined 2%. CytoSport contributed $0.10 earnings per share in 2019, including the gain on sales.  SG&A, excluding advertising any expense reductions from the sale of CytoSport 2019 was 6.6% of sales compared to 6.5% last year. Advertising investments for the year were $124 million, compared to $131 million last year. Planned to increase advertising in 2021 to support many of our leading brands. Jennie-O will be the first turkey company to have a float in the 94 year of history of the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade. Unallocated expenses returned to more normal levels in the year, compared to the prior year, which included the favorable impact of the sale of CytoSport and a legal settlement. Full year operating margins were 11.5%, compared to 12.6% last year. Decline was driven by the COVID-19-related expenses and the impact from lower foodservice rates.  The effect of tax rate was 18.5% compared to 19.1% last year. We again executed our disciplined financial strategy despite disruption caused by the pandemic. 2020 through operating cash flow, paid record dividends, invested in capital to grow our value-added businesses and acquired Sadler’s.  We also secured $1 billion of debt to provide liquidity at a wealth of business to take advantage of strategic opportunities. The company remains in a position of strength heading into 2021. For the year, the business generated cash from operations of $1.1 billion, an increase of 22%. Cash flow benefited from lower working capital.  Finished goods inventory began the third quarter and at seasonably low levels. Strong demand for our retail items continued into the fourth quarter. Retail business and grocery products and refrigerated foods were most negatively impacted by this dynamic during the course. We are seeing a gradual improvement in inventory levels. Presence in operations, labor availability, internal capital expansions, and increased use of strategic manufacturing partners give us confidence in the ability to expand supply in 2021. Paid our 369th consecutive quarterly dividend effective November 16 and announced a 5% increase for 2021, marking the 55th consecutive year we have increased the dividend. The new annual rate for 2021 will be $0.98 per share.  During 2020, the company repurchased 300,000 shares for $12 million. Capital expenditures in 2020 were $368 million, compared to $294 million last year. Recently completed an expansion at the first pizza toppings plant and nearing the completion of the new dry sausage facility in Nebraska. 2021, we will continue to prioritize investments to support the growth of the value-added businesses including a new expansion for pepperoni. The company’s target for capital expenditures in 2021 is $350 million.  The hard market that has recovered from 20-year lows due to strong domestic and export demand. Less DA composite cut out showed similar strengths throughout the fourth quarter before moderating more recently.  USDA is projecting domestic production of ports to increase 1% in 2021. We expect hog prices to rebound significantly in 2021, continue to have ample access to hog’s important raw materials through our balanced mix of hog and pork supply contracts. USDA composite cut out is expected to be modestly higher in 2021.  Although the outlook remains uncertain given the surge of cases happening now, it is our expectation that over the full year industry operating efficiencies and production levels will increase in 2021. Labor availability will continue to be a significant factor in the industry’s ability to operate efficiently.  We expect much lower levels of commodity volatility compared to last year as supply stabilizes and demand exhibits less dramatic changes within the year.  Strength of our brands and balanced approach to procurement will be key in managing through this volatility. Pork trim markets are expected to decline in 2021, but the value is highly dependent on the pork industry’s operating level. We anticipate that deli prices will increase from the current levels. This is based on moderate foodservice growth.  Fundamentals in the turkey industry remain mostly unchanged. The benefit of favorable whole-bird prices, lower pork placements, and reduced cold storage levels are being offset by lower breast and thigh meat markets due to lower demand. We anticipate lower commodity prices of turkey in 2021 as sustained recovery in the foodservice industry would likely fed up the turkey markets.  Meat cost is expected to be higher. Managed feed cost through a combination of spot buy, derivatives, and adjusting feed formulas. We expect the COVID-19-related higher cost structure to continue through the first half. We expect the majority of the COVID cost to subside as the pandemic comes under control.  Although 2020 was a challenging year, it is important to revisit the accomplishments related to long-term growth and stability. We maintain one of the strongest balance sheets across the Fortune-500 companies, grew operating cash flow in excess of 20% and issued bonds that were well received by the debt investors.  We use this capital to gain market share in ecommerce and retail, support our leading brands through advertising and marketing, achieved our 15% innovation goal, invest in value-added capacity, expand our authentic foodservice portfolio with the Sadler’s acquisition, and transform and modernize our company through Project Orion and One Supply Chain initiatives.  All of these actions will help us attain long-term growth goals while continuing our outstanding track record of returning cash to shareholders. In one of the most difficult years in our 130-year history, we have shown our continued commitment to our employees, our communities, and our shareholders.  At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question and answer portion of the call. 
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. 
Jim Snee: Hey, Adam. Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: Good morning. So, I guess, Jim, I’m trying to just wrap my head around kind of how the different moving pieces in the outlook and there is a lot of detail that you just gave on the cost side. But at a high level, there is an expectation of sales growth. On the cost side, raw material-wise, teams kind balance of puts and takes, a reduction in COVID-related expenses, potentially a step up in advertising and then just help on tax rate and just help me think about the other moving pieces as we’re trying to think both bridge from sales to earnings per share, knowing you are not giving explicit guidance?
Jim Snee: Thanks, Adam. I’ll go ahead and start and I’ll let Jim finish up some of the markets. But you are right, there obviously are a lot of moving pieces as we are thinking about 2021 just like they were in 2020. It does start with the demand side of the business. I think if you go back to our channel guidance around retail showing growth, albeit at a slower rate, foodservice having some modest recovery, deli business showing some growth and international maintaining its strength, I mean, that’s the important first piece of the puzzle.  The second piece of the puzzle for us is the structurally higher capacity. And so, as we have tried to be very upfront about is, we didn’t meet the demands of the business in the fourth quarter, but there is a lot of work happening behind the scenes. A lot of it was already planned. Some of it came to beat during the pandemic.  But it’s work and execution that the team has been accomplishing over that time, that’s why we feel good about where we are going to be from a capacity perspective heading into 2021 to meet the demands of the business.  From a COVID cost perspective, Jim talked about having the same cost structure in the first-half for the business. We need to all understand when does the vaccine come into play. When is it distributed? When can we see broad distribution. But I think the timing that we’ve been hearing and have recently heard, is that first-half, second-half window seems to make sense. So, the demand side and the supply side for us, we feel really good about as we head into 2021. Jim, I’ll let you maybe talk about some of the markets or any other financial information. 
Jim Sheehan: Sure. Good morning, Adam. Your comment about markets being mixed, I think, is a fair assessment of how we see 2020 – 2021, excuse me. The main issue here is that you won’t see the volatility that you saw, especially in the second and third quarter of 2020. Those periods we had a drastic decline in the foodservice demand and then you have plant shutdowns and it just created almost a violent level of volatility that we believe will be much more stable environment in 2021.  Part of the change in the input cost, for instance, bellies will be dependent on how quickly the foodservice business regain strength. Bellies track that foodservice demand very closely. So, overall, it is a bit of a mix. We see our hog costs somewhat similar to what they were in 2020, maybe slightly lower.  We will see what that happens, understanding that hog costs or the Western Corn Belt is forecasted to be much higher, but that’s not really the basis of what we purchase hogs. And the other issue, you asked about was tax rate. We don’t see any significant change in the tax rate in 2021. We believe the tax rate will be between 20% and 21.5% let’s use that as the range as to where we expect to end up. 
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That’s super helpful. And then, if I could just squeeze a question on Jennie-O, the business has had some challenges in recent years and kind of ex-COVID, I think, there was a thought that we might be turning the corner there. But now maybe a non-Thanksgiving or a different Thanksgiving maybe impacting inventories on the whole-bird side. Just help us think about the trajectory for the Jennie-O business specifically?
Jim Snee: Sure, Adam. If you go back to Q4 of last year, we really had started to turn the corner in terms of our strategy that we were building out in regaining the lost distribution, especially for our lean ground business and we had a solid Q4, solid Q1, and quite frankly, Q2 was pretty good as well. I mean, as COVID came into play and dramatically impacted the supply side of the business for that product, also impacting just the supply chain, right, vertically integrated supply chain that had plant pauses, severe disruption, increased costs.  Now, as we made our way through that, we are still seeing impact in the supply chain. Anytime you back that supply chain up, you are going to have impacts for a while. The part that we remain optimistic about is the strategy of building out distribution, we still had success with lean ground turkey. The dramatic impact beyond supply chain has been Jennie-O foodservice business, like in the Hormel Foodservice business significant declines, they are just probably a little greater.  It’s driven - they’ve got a bigger presence in K-12 business, but just been dramatically impacted this year. So, I mean, you are right, it’s been a mixed bag for Jennie-O over the last several years. But we feel good about where we were headed pre-COVID. We’ve done all the right things during the COVID environment and feel like as we emerge from this pandemic, the fundamentals of the business, especially on the retail side are strong and then we are going to need to see the recovery on the foodservice side.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That’s all really helpful color. I’ll pass it on. Thank you. 
Jim Snee: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, just the first question, on the retail sales guide of still expecting growth despite at a slower rate. I guess, we are having a harder time understanding again in the first quarter where the comps have kind of continued to accelerate.  But as you just start getting to some of these tougher comps in the second quarter and back half of the year, understanding the capacity coming online, just help us understand your thinking around organically from a demand perspective, why that should continue to kind of grow in the second quarter and back half of the year? 
Jim Snee: Right. So, I mean, you hit on it on the first-half of the year. I think the second part of your commentary that there is a unknown of – even though we will have a vaccine in place, but how quickly are you going to see that recovery in foodservice and how quickly are consumers going to move back to historic behaviors. I think it’s too early to tell. I mean, we do see a modest recovery in foodservice. But I don’t think retail is just going to hit that cliff. I think the other part for us in the back half of the year is the fact that we did have some of these supply disruptions and we did meet all the demands of the business. So, from a comp perspective, we think there is going to be opportunities for us as well in the back half.  So, that’s what’s really driving our outlook for the retail business, the continued comps in really the first part of the year and then as we are going to be comping against some unmet demand in the back half of the year. 
Peter Galbo: Okay. Thank you. And then, Jim, maybe just on Jennie-O, your comments maybe in the cost section of your prepared remarks with higher grain and lower commodity prices and maybe if you could also comment on freight. Just how should we think about the margin trajectory in 2021, maybe not from an absolute level, but just versus historical, can we get back to 2019 type levels on the margin side? Just help me understand that? Thanks very much guys.
Jim Sheehan: Sure, Peter. We obviously expect to continue to have some COVID cost in 2021, especially in the first half that will be a headwind to Jennie-O, excuse me, but one of the things that we can’t understate is the impact to Jennie-O in their live production operation by the interruptions in production that they saw in 2021. How that backed up the birds, you are feeding birds longer.  You are processing birds at a heavier weight that underperform and I think that’s a big benefit as we keep the operations running at a more consistent level when don’t have these plant interruptions. That’s going to be a significant benefit to their cost structure. So, yes, there will be headwinds with COVID costs. Grain cost could be higher, but we manage that grain cost through our hedges that we have.  We do support buying on grain. And we also could adjust the feed formula so that we are mixing the feed a little bit better to improve our feed cost. So, there is a lot of levers there that we can attain. In 2019, we had about a 9% margin on this business. We think that we can go back and achieve that level in 2021. 
Operator: The next question is from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead. 
Ben Bienvenu: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. 
Jim Snee: Good morning, Ben. 
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Ben. 
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask, first just a clarifier on the commentary in the press release that you are optimistic about revenue and earnings growth in FY 2021. I assume that’s true even on a 52-week basis. And then I want to tack on to that, you highlighted and it’s – it’s been a really unusual challenging two years from an external standpoint.  A number of elements that have caused volatility headwinds and inefficiencies, but you’ve also been undergoing some significant supply chain adjustments over the last two years in Fremont in particular. I am curious we haven’t seen earnings grow in a few years and I am wondering what kind of external environment do you think we need for the earnings growth potential of the business to shine through.  And then, at what point do we start to see kind of steady state around the supply chain cost side of things as it relates to the adjustments that you’ve made internally? 
Jim Snee: Yes. So, Ben, we certainly would agree it’s been unusual and challenging. The work that our supply chain team has done has been absolutely phenomenal, not just with the Fremont transition, in the midst of this pandemic and making sure that we’ve got one message consistently across the organization. The guidance or the comments that we’ve made about sales growth does play out in a 52-week year.  Obviously, we’ve got a 53-week year next year. But for us, the business we expect moderate growth in our retail business. So, if you go back to the grocery products business, I mean, we were showing steady growth in grocery products. Our foodservice business has been a shining star in our organization and continues – had been outperforming the industry significantly.  The investments that we’ve made around our business out was deli and then, of course, our international business. But, for us, there is some returns. So just at that level of normalcy where we can see our retail businesses return to historical growth. Our foodservice business, the foodservice industry gets back to some level of normalcy.  We’ve got the right investments. We’ve got the right structure. We’ve got the right businesses to take advantage of those market conditions. And so, it is obviously unusual and challenging. But we remain very, very confident in the way that we’ve built the balance across the organization. We have improved sales capabilities on the ecommerce side.  We’ve made investments in consumer insights and analytics. So, we’ve done all the right things to support the growth of this business over the long-term. 
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, great. Thank you for that. And then, the international business has had nice results in the midst of this challenging year. And this has exhibited nice growth over the last several years. I am curious, how big do you think that business can get? And when you think about opportunities as it relates to that business, you alluded to some of that in your opening comments, but I’d be curious if you could elaborate a bit more on that segment? 
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, we think there is continued opportunities in China and then we’ve really seen that team has strived. We’ve built our new facility there in Jiaxing several years ago to support the expected growth and they’ve delivered both on a retail and foodservice basis. They’ve also, as we described had some great innovation from an M&A perspective. I talked about my desire to really add on to that great platform that we’ve built both retail, foodservice and then even in retail ambience and refrigerated frozen.  So, it’s got a lot of the great attributes that our domestic business has and we see opportunities for it to continue to grow organically and be supportive to M&A – from an M&A perspective. Our export business this year demonstrated the power of brands on a global basis with SPAM and SKIPPY showing great growth and we expect that to continue to grow.  So, again, just really optimistic on where the business is today, but then also the opportunities that exists organically and from an M&A perspective. 
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, Jim. Thank you and have a happy Thanksgiving. 
Jim Snee: Yes. You too, Ben. 
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Robert Moskow: Hi. Couple questions. You mentioned new capacity that’s coming online, some new plants, have you secured labor for that new capacity? I know, you had some labor issues, but I am not quite sure in which facilities or which regions it’s happening. And then just a clarification, you said that you are expecting sales growth across all of your sales and profit growth, that’s excluding the 53rd week, correct? 
Jim Snee: So, I’ll start with the second one, Rob. Yes, we expect to be able to grow the business on a 52-week basis sales – sales and earnings, and then, of course, next year we do have our 53rd week as well. From a labor perspective, the two big labor needs are the plant in Omaha, Nebraska, the expansion of our dry sausage, our charcuterie line of products for Columbus.  And, yes, we’ve had a lot of success securing labor for that facility, a bigger metropolitan area. And so, labor has not been an issue. The other big investment that we described with our Burke expansion in Nevada, Iowa and there again, we had a great labor force and we’ve been able to secure additional labor in that facility as well.  In some of the other areas where we are expanding capacity with an additional line, we are confident we will be able to do that as we navigate through the COVID environment. But they are historically really strong labor markets for us. Our SPAM for example, we are expanding capacity here in Austin, Minnesota and Dubuque, Iowa, very strong labor markets for us.  As we’ve said, some of the more growth markets that can be a challenge for us of where we are currently expanding capacity we are actually in a good position. 
Robert Moskow: Okay. Good. And then, so I am going to give you some more questions here. In the back half of the year, I think you expect easier comparisons, because you’ll have sufficient capacity in Chili and your other canned goods, I can’t remember the other one. But I would imagine demand on those canned goods is going to be down a lot in the back half just because we’ll have a vaccine and consumers will gain, so, have you factored that into your expectations for easy comps, but you might have the capacity, but you are going to have the same demand. 
Jim Snee: Yes. No, I think that’s a great point, Robert. And we have – and so, what we are trying to say is, it’s not going to be pound for pound in terms of the opportunity. But we do still expect there to be growth and the other part too considers the fact that, I mean, if this is we are talking about, we are largely growing before the pandemic.  So, I mean, yes, we will have capacity. We understand and we said that we do expect continued growth at a slower rate. But we also know that we would face the current demands of the business. And so, when you factor those three things together, that’s why we expect it to have a strong back half of the year. 
Robert Moskow: Okay. Lastly, on peanut butter, did you take a price increase this year? Your competitor was talking about the price increase that they took in their strong performance. Have you taken pricing and also are you satisfied with your share performance in peanut butter?
Jim Snee: Yes. Thanks, Rob. We’ve been really pleased with the performance of SKIPPY, even before the pandemic, the trends were really positive. We’ve continued to perform well during the pandemic. We’ve done a nice job gaining share. We are also taking pricing on peanut butter and, again, feel really good about where the business is trending.  We’ve had – we haven’t had any capacity constraints. The plant has been running well and then, we’ve done a great job supporting this business through innovation. I talked about in my prepared remarks about how the team has done a great job in the midst of everything going on to continue innovation with SKIPPY Squeeze, SKIPPY High Protein, SKIPPY No Sugar, just lots of great work supporting that iconic brand. 
Robert Moskow: Okay. Great. Have a good holiday. Thank you. 
Jim Snee: Thank you too, Rob. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. 
Jim Snee: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Lavery: Can you just come back to the supply chain a little bit, and elaborate a little bit on the status or trending of savings from the One Supply Chain and I guess, the question is, it feels a little bit like the curveballs you had this year would make it a little bit like changing a tire while you are driving. But it still sounds like you are expecting that the savings to be coming through and not to progress.  And so, is it just maybe that you’ve settled back into sort of a new normal group? How should we just think about the trajectory of how all that plays out? 
Jim Sheehan: Thanks, Michael. We are leading the supply chain savings that we laid out before the organization. In fact, we think some of those savings will be accelerated. Those savings have paid dividends in a very difficult operating environment this year and allowed us to do things that we wouldn’t have been able to do in the past and other things that we did much more efficiently.  So we are very pleased with the progress we are making on One Supply Chain. It is a hard year to measure, because there are a lot of moving parts, but we believe that we’ve met every expectation that we set originally on this and we think it’s going to accelerate as we go through and continue to expand the efficiency of these operations. 
Jim Snee: Yes. And Mike, so, I mean, clearly, we’ve had pretty significant cost increases. You think about PPE, team member bonuses, plant disruption cost, lower overhead recovery, and so, you are trying to measure it in a year where you’ve got so many different pieces and your analogy of changing tire while driving is one that I haven’t heard, but certainly it’s very, very appropriate for the environment that we’ve been in this year. 
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks. That’s great color. And then, just a follow-up on the retail side of the business and your expectations there. For the three quarters where you’ve given the channel splits this past year, it was up 16%, 19% and now 7%. And so, again, even if 1Q was around flat, that’s like a ten pace on a year.  Just to hold that sales level absolutely flat would seem quite impressive and so to grow over and above it, I know we’ve touched on this already, but can you just maybe quantify some of what the capacity impact is? Or just how you are confident that that’s a growth driver over and above the very high levels that you set for fiscal 2020? 
Jim Snee: Yes. So, I think from a capacity perspective, I talked a little bit earlier about SPAM. And we were constrained on our SPAM business, but are in a really good position because of expanded capacity. Our Chili, our Stew, our Hash business have had success, but it took sometime securing co-manufacturing. But we’ve also internally been able to get to some extended runs.  Our complete business in terms of adding shifts to that business. So, from a capacity perspective, we feel really good about where we are heading into 2021. We obviously still understand everything that’s happening in the world around us with these increased COVID cases and we are experiencing that first hand.  I guess, from our perspective, we are – we believe the retail number is very realistic as we think about the full year, and then for us, really the key is to be able to meet the needs of the business. And so, as we head into 2021, capacity is at the top of our priority list. 
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks. That’s great color. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, just going back, I guess, to foodservice, so if you look longer term, do you see any impediments in getting back to your prior foodservice levels just given some of the – it seems like obviously larger restaurants, - permanent restaurant closures out there? 
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, we don’t, Rupesh. I mean, we know the way that we’ve attached the business structurally with the direct selling organization the way we’ve innovated in the space, the relationships that we have with operators, clearly, the timing is uncertain. But I think over time, we do expect our foodservice business to continue to be a growth vehicle for our organization. 
Rupesh Parikh: Okay. Great. And I know there has been a number of questions just around cost on this call. Outside to the COVID costs, are you going to kind of expect to continue at least for the first half of next year? Anything you can share just in terms of other puts and takes in terms of cost, whether wages, freight, advertising, anything else we should be thinking about for the upcoming fiscal year? 
Jim Sheehan: I think, one of the things that we have had a challenge and that was in freight cost and that was because of some capacity constraints for us. That increase in freight cost had to do with that loading full trucks and sending trucks out of less than optimal levels.  So, as capacity goes up and production improves, we think that freight cost even though there is pressure on freight, but sending out trucks that aren’t full is an expensive process. We think there is going to be improvements on that side of it. Again, with COVID cost, every day we learn a little bit more about how to operate more efficiently.  So, we continue to have a headwind on COVID cost that our operations become more efficient from probably a less direct cost standpoint. So, efficiencies in the plant to speed that you can run those types of things, but obviously for us, regarding COVID that’s employee safety and that will be the highest priority. We will continue to invest what we need to invest in those cost to keep our employees safe. 
Jim Snee: And Rupesh, I would say, we are obviously making necessary investments in advertising back to supply chain. We’ve talked a while ago about the new distribution center to support our grocery products business that continues to do really well even with the low balancing having to do.  And our teams are working on another distribution center to support the refrigerated foods business. So we continue to see opportunities to get better in that area. 
Jim Sheehan: The other area, Rupesh, that I’d point out is that we’ve made significant investments in Project Orion in 2020. We haven’t called it out. We haven’t separated it what the expenses as you might expect have been material. You can see some of that in our unallocated expenses this year where we’ve closed down our HR benefits and finance portions of a project and there have been some expenses that impacted us in the fourth quarter too. 
Rupesh Parikh: Okay. Great. Thank you for all the color. 
Operator: The next question is from Tom Palmer with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Tom Palmer: Good morning, and thanks for the question. I wanted to ask on the inventory side. I mean, I can see on the balance sheet that inventory is up pretty substantially versus where it was a quarter ago. And you’ve talked about actions you’ve taken to kind of resolve that.  So, I guess, I really was looking to understand on next earnings call, are we going to see some lingering effects of this inventory constraint having weighed on first quarter, especially as we see kind of a resurgence of COVID cases and potentially pantry stocking again. Or is quite the opposite and you have the potential to get a catch-up where inventories were drawn down a quarter ago by your customers and now can you can backfill into it? Thanks. 
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Thomas. It’s much like 2020. It’s a mix of both. Our finished goods inventory is down. So there is some constraints that we’ll have in Q1. Now Q1 is more of a quarter at which you sell more close to what you produce. It’s not a quarter that you build inventory but it’s also a quarter that normally you don’t draw down a lot of inventory. So it’s going to have a less of an impact in Q1 than perhaps it did in Q4, which is a period – a quarter in which you draw inventory down. You can’t produce of a product during the quarter.  The other factor is, it’s an increase in raw material or raw materials in inventory and that primarily comes back from products that are generally sold through the foodservice industry. In some instances, that means that we won’t have to go out and buy products.  When you buy products on the open market, obviously you have fluctuations in those costs as product is put away and as foodservice returns to strength, we would be able to draw down that inventory and perhaps manage our cost a bit better in the foodservice areas. 
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thanks for that color. And then, just wanted to ask on pricing assumptions as we look towards the coming year. There were several segments or a couple segments where pricing rolled over sequentially. I assume that was mainly mix, but then when you are looking at positive growth in the coming year, how much of the burden is volume-driven and then how much is pricing? 
Jim Snee: Yes, Thomas, the big driver right now for pricing is, we talked about SKIPPY and then we are expecting an uptick in volume. We’ve got opportunities to drive volume this year. But we – I mean, we do also have pricing power and we think about products that are tied more to underlying commodities on the retail side. So, you think about bacon, which is a big driver.  Obviously, we’ll be watching that closely. Jim talked about the belly market earlier. But I mean, it’s volume-driven, but we know that we also have pricing power as well and we do have our SKIPPY pricing in place. 
Tom Palmer: Thanks. 
Operator: The next question is from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead. 
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning, everyone. 
Jim Snee: Hi, Ken. 
Ken Zaslow: There has been a lot of discussion obviously about your ability to the inventory levels, as well as your supply chain. Can you talk about how much demand did you leave on the table in 2020 that you’ll get back in terms of in 2021 because of your capacity constraints? Can you put some sort of quantification to what actually was the impact in 2020? And what will be the benefit in 2021, as you gain your capacity? I know there is a lot of quality, I just don’t understand how to actually model it. 
Jim Snee: Yes. That’s a tough number to get at, Ken, I mean, I think, clearly, as we’ve talked about the end of Q3 and given the warning signals into Q4, we had missed demand opportunities in SPAM, in some of our pepperoni business, sliced meats as we’ve described and it is hard to quantify and we do think we’ll be able to capture some of that back in 2021.  And then, it is, as I said, the supply chain, the structurally higher capacity is going to be a very key component for us in delivering the sales and earnings growth. But in terms of actually quantifying that number, that’s a difficult number to get at. But we know the opportunity is there. 
Ken Zaslow: Let me just ask one more way of asking, maybe this is an easier way. How much more capacity will you have in 2021 than in 2020?
Jim Snee: Well, that's going to depend on the product lines, but on the key areas, we think that there will be some significant expansion in capacity. We've talked about some of the plants that we've expanded on. So, as far as a dollar amount or a percentage, that's difficult.  Obviously, we continue to operate with the uncertainty of COVID, that how much impact is it going to have on our plants, which plants is it going to impact. Those are all the difficult – those are all the uncertainties that we're living with and we wish we knew exactly how hard we could run the plants and for how long, but that's a bit of a struggle with what we are looking at in 2021 to identify it down to a number.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then just the final question is, did you say that grocery profit will match sales? Or did I mishear that? I just didn't hear that.
Jim Snee: I don't think we said that Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. Do you want to say something about that? How's that?
Jim Snee: I mean, our bigger conversation rather than getting into the segments is, we think the channel discussion is really how to think about the business as we head into 2021. And, obviously, we've given some - we hope additional and good color around retail, foodservice, deli and international.
Ken Zaslow: Great. Thank you. Be well, and have a happy Thanksgiving, guys.
Jim Snee: Yes. You too, Ken.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Larson with Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Yes. Thanks, guys. I know we are running low on time and happy holidays to you here as well. Hope you have a good turkey day. The question and Jim alluded – Jim Sheehan alluded to it a little bit earlier and I had this question in mind. But I think you're now, I think, two years or so into your ERP update conversion, will fiscal 2021 require the same amount of capital?  I can't tell by your CapEx numbers, are kind of about where they were a year ago, maybe a little bit lower. But will that start being a net positive to your corporate expense line in 2021 or should we be thinking that the real benefits of reduced ERP expenditures come in F 2022?
Jim Sheehan: There will be a reduction as you – as we go into 2021. As you think about this, we had three major paths to attain with Project Orion. First was HR and benefits. Second was to update the entire finance function, and third was supply chain. HR and benefits is completed. Finance is totally completed. For example, all of the staffing that had been assigned to Project Orion and the finance group have been pulled back to their old jobs, so those two are gone. Obviously, supply chain is a big task.  But as you look at the accomplishments, two out of three have now been completed as we go into 2021 and you will see significant benefits from what we've attained through Project Orion and efficiencies in the operations. And insight into the business, the amount of analytics that we are getting and the scope of information that we now have to operate the business has expanded drastically even in the last quarter.
Eric Larson: Okay. Yes. Thanks, Jim. And so, my final question, I know this is a very 30,000-foot level question, but I think, Mr. Snee, you alluded to it a little bit in your prepared comments, but you said the consumers are enjoying being at home and cooking and that a lot of that will continue going forward.  And I am sure you're talking to your customers. I mean, the debate here is customers – a lot of consumers say I am sick of cooking at home. I can't wait until we can go back to the restaurants. So, it's kind of a pull and tug argument. So, what are your consumers telling you when you talk to them about what their behavior changes might be?
Jim Snee: Yes. I think you hit it right on the head, Eric, is that, especially early on, they enjoyed the time together. But there has been a bit of fatigue. But I don't know if that's going to entirely go away where a lot of consumers are missing the option of being able to get out into their favorite dining establishments. And I do think they've been able to take some advantage of that as foodservice operators have gotten better at on-the-go and or grab-and-go and delivery. But I do think we are going to see that shift away from dining at home, back into the foodservice channel, the key is at what rate.  And so, that's why we're saying we expect a moderation of retail and we do expect an expansion of foodservice. The unknown is what is the right rate or the right number in 2021. But there is certainly fatigue, I think it’s the right word to use. And we also know that over the long-term, consumers are going to maintain their need for convenience and versatility, which so much of our product portfolio, whether in retail or foodservice really hits hold.
Eric Larson: Got it. Okay. Thank you and happy and safe holidays to all.
Jim Snee: Thanks Eric. You too.
Operator: The next question is from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer : Thanks. Good morning, Jim and Jim. Thanks for squeezing me in. Actually, first quick question for Jim Sheehan, could you clarify on the hog cost commentary? You said something like prices would be up, but then cost will be down, just to get this right from your commentary you had?
Jim Sheehan: Sure, Ben. I'll try to clarify my comments. You are seeing forecast that the Western Corn Belt is going to be higher in 2021 than it was in 2020. So, for instance, in the fourth quarter, Western Corn Belt ran, let's say, mid-50s, probably 54 would be a good number, it's about 58 today. We think it's going to go up. But with the method in which we purchased hogs, that is one component and actually it's one of the smaller components in which we price the hogs that we buy.  The more common method that we use or the higher percentage of hogs that are purchased are purchased on what's called the composite value. The composite value today is $78. And we see that as the basic range that it will be in for 2021. And that's actually down from where it was in the fourth quarter of 2020, I think it was at $83 on average in the fourth quarter.  So, we often warn people that you'll hear comments about the Western Corn Belt prices, but it's not the primary method in which we buy hogs. That's why we see some fluctuation in the cost of hogs as we go into the year, but not at the rate that you are hearing from those that are quoting that the Western Corn Belt. We do have hedges in place and those hedges are slightly below the future markets.  Now, we've had some negative impact in 2020 from our positions that we've put on to protect us from ASF, those are rolling off and have been replaced.
Benjamin Theurer : Okay. Perfect. And then, Jim Snee, just coming back to one of the prepared remarks commentary within the retail portion and the balance versus foodservice on those growth rates. So, one of the particular things I wanted to focus on is, the MegaMex JV, which you've actually highlighted to have seen some of the negative performance impacting on grocery because of the foodservice piece about it.  Could you elaborate a little bit on how that has performed on the retail side? And how that maybe have balanced versus foodservice? And what you're expecting on the demand side over the -- for that particular segment?
Jim Snee: Yes. Great question, Ben. Our MegaMex business, especially on the retail side has performed really well. Again, even heading into or before the pandemic, that business was really strong for us. And not only just on an organic basis, but the work that our team has done from an innovation perspective. We talked about Herdez, guacamole, salsa.  This year, we've talked about some additional innovation that the team has been able to put in place. And so, the retail business was strong - continued very strong and we expect it to maintain the strength going forward. As you mentioned, the foodservice business, like our other foodservice businesses, were soft and – but we do expect over time to see those businesses recover as well. But we could not be more positive or optimistic about the future growth of our MegaMex retail business. We think it's really, really well positioned and it's on strategy for us as we think about our desire to grow our ethnic portfolio.
Benjamin Theurer : Okay. So, net-net, it was still up, correct?
Jim Snee: Yes. Yes.
Benjamin Theurer : Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much.
Jim Snee: Great. Thanks, Ben.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Snee for any closing remarks.
Jim Snee : Yes. Thank you. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, I want to thank all of you for joining us today. As I said earlier, I continue to be incredibly optimistic about our long-term performance. And we have done a great job navigating all the uncertainty COVID has brought. But I know that this Company has the right strategy, the right business fundamentals and we are on sound financial footing.  I want to wish all of you a happy Thanksgiving, and please stay safe and healthy during the holiday season.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-08-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hormel Foods Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations, Hormel Foods Corporation. Please go ahead. 
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2020. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 A.M. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of the company's current and future operating condition, commentary regarding each segment's performance for the quarter, and an update on the company’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and commentary regarding the company's current and future financial condition. The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today, Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 888-317-6003, and the access code is 9237894. It will also be posted on our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 35 through 42 in the company's Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 26, 2020. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance. Non-GAAP measures include organic volume, organic sales, and operating free cash flow. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed on our press release located on our corporate website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning everyone. Before we get into the business results of the third quarter, I want to take this opportunity to say thank you to all of our dedicated plant professionals for showing up every day in our manufacturing facilities. They are the true heroes of our company in this crisis. It has been remarkable to see our team work together to provide safe, high quality food for millions of consumers impacted by the pandemic. I'm very proud of how all our team members rose to the challenge with a sense of responsibility, purpose, and pride.  From the very beginning of this pandemic, we committed to putting the safety of our team members first. I believe this safety-first commitment is what has set us apart during the pandemic. Since we last updated you in May, our COVID leadership team including operations, quality control, communications, legal, R&D, and human resources have continued to enhance and refine our safety practices. These include expanded automated temperature screenings, the addition of more staggered production shifts, and increased training on COVID-19 best practices. Our awareness campaign, Keep COVID Out is also helping prevent the spread of the virus in the communities where we live and work and keep the virus out of our production facilities by outlining the various preventative measures we can all practice in order to stay safe.  We partnered with the CDC to review our efforts related to COVID-19 and how we have implemented guidance from the CDC and OSHA at one of our production facilities. Their review included a multiple day visit to the facility, along with surveying employees regarding their knowledge, attitude, and practices on COVID-19. I am pleased with their findings, namely that we had implemented virtually all recommended controls to prevent transmission of COVID-19. The survey of our diverse team found that more than 90% of our employees have a comprehensive understanding of prevention techniques and what to do if they get sick with the virus. In addition, over 98% of our team members surveyed reported that they wore a facial covering when out in public. These actions are making a difference to stop the spread of COVID-19 in our communities.  You have heard me say Hormel Foods is an uncommon company, and that has never been more true than it is today. Our inclusion and diversity guiding coalition is an example of a group that has demonstrated our uncommon culture during this difficult time. As we witnessed the social unrest this summer, we knew we needed to take action as a company. Hormel’s Inspired Giving platform is our response to this important cause. As a company that is inclusive in all that we do, we decided to let our team members choose how we should launch our new Inspired Giving program, and I am incredibly proud of the partnerships they selected. This team selected three organizations to make donations to; minorities in agriculture, natural resources, and related sciences, the NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund, and UNCF. These organizations are all helping change the world by tackling equality and education. Today, we separately announced a milestone effort in our commitment to education. We believe education has the power to change the world and access to educational opportunities can lift up people and communities. Equality and education can be a game changer, and we have decided to take on that challenge. Through a new program called Inspired Pathways, we are going to make the dream of a college education available to the children of our team members. When you think about how a college education can change a life and start a ripple effect, that will be felt for generations that's the change maker Hormel Foods wants to be. We will be finalizing the details over the next several months but beginning in the fall of 2021, Hormel Foods will provide for every graduating senior who is the child of one of our employees the opportunity to attend community college on us. This program is one of a kind and truly uncommon. I'm excited to see the difference these two new programs Inspired Giving and Inspired Pathways will make in our communities.  Turning to our business results this quarter, we delivered record third quarter net sales as three of our four segments delivered sales growth. This achievement is a testament to the strength of our brands, the dedication of our supply chain teams, and the balance across our business. For the quarter, volume increased 4% and organic volume increased 3%, sales increased 4%, and organic sales increased 2%.  Before I get into the segment results, I would like to provide some channel perspectives as each of our domestic segments have exposure to the retail and food service channels. Total retail sales increased 19% during the quarter with strength from virtually all of our brands. In many categories, we were able to once again capture market share by outperforming our competitors. According to IRI, during the quarter we grew share in approximately 60% of the categories where we are the number one or number two brand. We also saw tremendous growth in e-commerce, including direct to customer and online grocery pickup and delivery. During the quarter, our tracked purchases through IRI were up over 100%, and our brands continue to outpace category growth and capture market share in many categories. The investments we have made into our e-commerce capabilities are having a very positive impact on our performance in this important channel.  Throughout the pandemic, we have brought millions of new households into our brands using a combination of IRI data, on shelf availability data, custom research and data science. We are gaining deep insights into the number of new consumers coming into our retail brands along with their demographics, behaviors, and assessment of whether they will stay in our brand franchises over the long term. While we know it's unreasonable to retain 100% of the new consumers as brand stewards, it is our responsibility to keep as many consumers in our brands as possible. While we are seeing a rebound in our food service business as restaurants reopen and pipelines refill, total sales in our food service channel declined 19% compared to last year. Though many patrons are returning to their favorite establishments, it is clear the industry will be in recovery mode for quite some time.  We are proud to have built strong relationships in this industry and we are among the first to offer our assistance to those operators who needed our help to navigate their new reality. We hold deep competitive advantages in the food service industry, including our relationships with operators and distributors that spanned decades and large direct sales force and a balanced product portfolio. We also have the advantage of being able to quickly turn insights from our sales force who are on the front lines in kitchens each day, and to solutions that solve for the challenges and concerns of operators. Nowhere is this more apparent than in our pre-strategy with pre-marinated, precooked, pre-sliced, and fully prepared product offerings. Brands like Bacon 1, Fire Braised, Austin Blues, Café H, Natural Choice, Burke, Jennie-O, Fontanini, and the recently acquired Sadler's brand have created solutions for operators in the areas of convenience, safety, versatility, and flavor. For years, many operators have slowly shifted their purchases to these types of products, and we believe the COVID-19 pandemic will accelerate the conversion. I'm confident our portfolio is well positioned to adapt and grow as the industry recovers. It is also important to note that this isn't the first time our food service business has had to emerge from an economic downturn. During the recession in 2008 and 2009, our direct sales force expanded their reach to the emerging channels of lodging, healthcare and colleges and universities. This intentional pivot provided significant growth for the next decade. Today, we are leveraging many of those same strategies with an increased focus on the newest emerging segments. From a financial perspective, we delivered earnings per share of $0.37, which is flat to last year. Jim Sheehan will provide more details, but I do want to mention that our earnings fully reflect $40 million or almost $0.06 per share, an increased supply chain costs related to COVID-19.  Looking at the segments, grocery products volume increased 6% and sales increased 7%. Similar to the second quarter, we saw exceptional growth from nearly every brand, especially brands such as SPAM, SKIPPY, Herdez, Hormel Compleats, and Dinty Moore. Earnings for grocery products increased 36% driven by strong volumes and improved margins due to favorable product mix. It is clear that brands still matter and never have consumers relied on established and trusted brands to feed their families like they have during these times. Many brands within the grocery products portfolio have not only seen extraordinary growth, but they have outpaced the competition. Continuing to invest in these core brands is one of our highest priorities and responsibilities.  One brand which has seen a resurgence of demand is SKIPPY. While the entire peanut butter category has seen growth as kids stay at home, the SKIPPY brand has thrived and outpaced the competition. We've also launched numerous new innovative products which are seeing early success. SKIPPY Squeeze, SKIPPY No Sugar Added, and SKIPPY Peanut Butter Blended with Plant Protein, each deliver a unique consumer proposition and are helping extend and grow this iconic brand. We were pleased that our SKIPPY's Squeeze Pouch recently won an award from Food Network magazine for Smartest New Packaging for a long time favorite.  International volume decreased 5%, sales increase 2%, and segment profit increased 26%. Results from our China business were very positive during the quarter, primarily due to higher retail sales for SPAM and SKIPPY, but also from other refrigerated products in the country. We saw continued improvement in our food service business as restaurants reopened. Similar to the past few quarters, the team in China is working through higher pork prices and are taking the necessary pricing actions to offset cost increases. Worldwide demand for SKIPPY peanut butter and SPAM luncheon meat was strong, which drove higher exports and growth from our affiliated businesses in the Philippines, South Korea, and Europe. The dynamics we are seeing in the United States are playing out across the globe in similar ways. We did see a sharp decline in our fresh pork exports as variety meat supplies were limited because of in-plant labor shortages stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic. Jennie-O Turkey Store volumes declined 9% and sales declined 4%. We saw very strong retail sales led by our Jennie-O lean ground turkey. This growth is a continuation of the progress we've made in regaining distribution prior to the pandemic and we plan to advertise against the Jennie-O brand in key markets later this year.  While we saw strong growth in our retail business, it was not able to offset declines in our food service commodity and whole-bird businesses. Segment profit decreased 67% driven exclusively by the impact from three plant pauses and incremental supply chain costs related to COVID-19 safety measures. This is an important distinction as it speaks to how the earnings strength in our retail business was able to offset the declines in our food service business. We were making excellent progress in many areas, but the cascading impact of three plant pauses throughout our vertically integrated supply chain had an outsized impact on profitability this quarter. As such, the overall earnings decline this quarter is not reflective of where I believe this business is going. I'm confident we are on the right path. Refrigerated foods volume increased 8% and organic volume increased 7%. Sales increased 5% and organic sales increase 2%. Retail and Deli demand was led by strong growth from products such as Applegate Natural and Organic Products, Hormel Black Label Bacon, and Columbus Grab and Go Charcuterie. Fresh pork sales also increased on strong demand for retail pork. One brand I want to highlight is Applegate. Consumers are discovering the Applegate brand at a rapid rate as families are looking for options to feed their kids while at home during the pandemic. Our offerings span multiple categories including chicken nuggets, hotdogs, burgers, and breakfast sausage. The growth we have seen from Applegate in the last few months is staggering and we are investing in the business in order to maintain momentum. The Applegate team delivered these impressive results even as they battled disruptions in their third party logistics system due to COVID-19 and I've had to work creatively to find additional capacity in their supply chain.  The Hormel Daily Solutions team has also seen impacts from COVID-19 as consumers shift purchases away from behind the glass meats and prepared offerings to prepackaged and pre-sliced options. During the third quarter, sales into the Deli increased 4% as strength in our Grab and Go offerings more than offset declines in our prepared foods and behind the glass businesses. We expect this trend to continue as our Hormel gatherings, party trays, and Columbus branded items provide differentiated at home experiences.  Another brand I'd like to highlight is our Hormel Gatherings Party Trays. When the pandemic started we saw a sharp decline in sales due to social distancing mandates. As always, our marketing team went to work to solve this problem. They quickly repositioned the brand from a focus on social gatherings among friends to a more family oriented brand message. Our food service business, which represents approximately 40% of refrigerated food sales, saw double-digit declines during the quarter. However, we are very confident that as the food service industry recovers, our product lines featuring pre-cooked, pre-sliced, and pre-marinated products will thrive as operators look to simplify preparation and reduce handling of products. As I mentioned in my earlier remarks on the food service industry it is important to remember that we have been through this before. The food service industry will reimagine itself and we are perfectly positioned to support them during this time.  This past quarter, we successfully integrated the Saddlers Smokehouse organization into refrigerated foods. We received a lot of positive feedback from the prior owners who credited our team for providing access to Hormel Foods resources and necessary support during the pandemic. Early indications are promising, especially seeing the ease at which Sadler’s was able to pivot from food service to expanded retail distribution. I'm personally excited to see how our broader organization is able to leverage Sadler’s unique product offerings to deliver innovative new products.  Earnings declined 11% due to lower food service sales, incremental supply chain costs, and losses on strategic hog hedge positions. Setting aside the offsetting channel dynamics within refrigerated foods, incremental COVID-19 costs and losses on strategic hog hedges were the primary reasons for their earnings decline. As we look forward for the total company we expect the fourth quarter to mirror many of the dynamics we experienced in the third quarter. We expect continued strength from our retail businesses as consumers engage with our brands at elevated rates. There remains a high level of uncertainty as to how quickly segments in the food service industry such as casual dining, lodging, and schools will reopen. Therefore, we expect our food service business will show declines in the fourth quarter.  As I said in my opening comments, the members of our supply chain team are heroes in the pandemic. Their tireless dedication has allowed us to meet the high level of demand we are seeing across our business. In many businesses, we are producing more products than we ever have to meet the increased demand. Examples include plants where we've not had positive COVID-19 cases or plants where we had excess capacity to meet the surge in demand. In other businesses, factors such as limited labor availability and short-term inefficiencies due to COVID-19 safety measures are limiting our ability to meet the high levels of demand we are seeing. Further, the third quarter is historically when we build inventories to meet the seasonally high demand in the fourth quarter. However, the record sales in our third quarter has led to abnormally low levels of inventory, which further limits our ability to meet demand in key categories. Jim Sheehan will provide more details regarding our inventory levels. Without compromising employee safety, our supply chain team is working to find solutions to increase production through continuous improvement, further internal production capacity, and by working with our trusted coal manufacturing partners. Consistent with the second quarter, we are incurring incremental supply chain costs related to COVID-19. During the second quarter, our costs increase by approximately $20 million and in the third quarter our incremental cost were approximately $40 million. These were primarily related to team member bonuses, enhanced safety measures, and lower production volumes. In the fourth quarter, we expect to incur another $20 million to $40 million of incremental costs. In total, we expect our COVID-19 related cost to be between $80 million and $100 million this fiscal year.  In closing, I am confident we have the right strategy, sound business fundamentals, best in class management, and the financial strength to thrive and grow in this dynamic marketplace. We are well-equipped to weather this storm and will be stronger because of it. At this time I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter, give an update on our financial position, and provide commentary regarding key input cost markets.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning. You heard Jim give a few examples of how uncommon Hormel Foods is, I'd like to share another example. Early in the pandemic, the Project Orion team made the commitment to push forward with the go lines of the financial system. In spite of the difficult circumstances, the team was able to fully convert the financial systems to the cloud, train the finance team, and deliver our third quarter financials on time. By doing so, the Orion team kept us on track to achieve the benefits of this best in class financial system. These benefits include improved analytics, robotic process automation, and real time financial data. Further implementation of the supply chain remains on track and will take place later in 2020 and 2021.  Net sales for the third quarter increased 4% to $2.4 billion, which was a record. Higher sales were driven by strong value added retail sales across all segments. Segment profit declined 3% compared to the prior year as the business absorbed incremental COVID-19 related investments of $40 million and generated lower earnings from the food service businesses. Net earnings were $203 million up 2%, earnings per share of $0.37 was flat to last year. SG&A excluding advertising modestly increased to 6.6% of sales compared to 6.5% last year. Higher employee related expenses were mostly offset by reduced travel expenses. Advertising investment for the third quarter were $24 million.  Net and allocated expenses declined $5 million for the quarter due to improved return on investments. Operating margins were 10.5% compared to 11.2% last year. Margins were impacted by additional investments into the safety of our plant professionals, employee bonuses, higher operating costs, and the impact of operating pauses [ph] at Jennie-O Turkey Store. The effective tax rate was 21.6%, compared to 23.6% last year. Even in these uncertain times the company continued to generate strong and stable cash flows. Cash flow from operations and free cash flow for the quarter increased 59% and 72% respectively. Cash flow benefited from lower levels of inventory. The third quarter is usually spent building inventory in anticipation of higher seasonal demand in the fourth quarter. As Jim mentioned, due to the significant demand for our products in the third quarter and limiting factors on production of key brands, inventory levels were unseasonably low as we began the fourth quarter. To provide context, the current finished goods inventory level is 24% lower than last year. The segments most impacted by lower levels of inventory are grocery products and refrigerated foods. In June, we issued $1 billion of 10 year bonds at the favorable interest rate of 1.8%. This cash will provide ample liquidity and allow the business to take advantage of strategic opportunities such as M&A.  We have $250 million of bonds maturing in April 2021. Our solid cash flow liquidity position and strong balance sheet gives us the flexibility to fund our capital needs while continuing to invest in long-term growth opportunities. We paid our 368 consecutive quarterly dividend effective August 17th at an annual rate of $0.93 per share, and an 11% increase over 2019. This completes our 92nd consecutive year of dividends. The company did not repurchase shares during the quarter. Capital expenditures in the quarter were 88 billion compared to 67 million last year. Large projects for the remainder of the year include the Burke Pizza Topping plant expansion, a new dry sausage facility, and Project Orion. The company's target for capital expenditures in 2020 is $350 million.  Pork market was at 20 year lows during the quarter. This benefit was reduced by our mix of hog procurement contracts and losses on strategic hog hedges. These hedges were put in over a year ago to proactively manage the risk of higher prices due to African swine fever. Currently, pork industry production is operating at near capacity levels. According to the USDA, pork production is expected to be 3% higher for the year. We expect continued lower hog prices in the near-term. This environment supports plentiful supplies of pork, so plant disruptions would pose a risk to production volume and commodity prices.  The volatility in commodity values at the beginning of the third quarter negatively impacted margins. The USDA composite cut out peaked in early May at levels not seen since the PED virus outbreak in 2014. The cut-out fell nearly 50% by early July while trimmed beef trim and bellies exhibited similar volatility. Overall, pork trim was higher by 21% and beef trim was higher by 38% for the quarter. These costs have moderated in the fourth quarter. [Indiscernible] prices were 9% lower and have remained below last year. Worldwide demand for pork is strong. USDA is expecting exports to increase 19% for the year, driven by strong demand from China. We continue to monitor African swine fever in China, Southeast Asia, and Europe.  Fundamentals in the turkey industry remain mixed while placements continue to trend lower. Commodity markets rebounded, some in the third quarter while breast meat and thigh meat prices are significantly below last year. Overall prices are favorable to last year, helping to offset declines in other markets. Meat cost for the third quarter was higher. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Yes, good morning Jim and Jim, and first of all, congrats on the results and on all the initiatives you announced, especially one on education. I think this is a very good way of supporting your workers. Now, I wanted to dig a little bit into what you said about the inventory levels and the decline here, and what it means for the fourth quarter. So, thanks for sharing a little bit of detail already in the prepared remarks on the impact where it mainly is within grocery and refrigerated foods. Now, how do you think this is going to impact your ability to supply the demand into the fourth quarter which usually obviously has an impact and an uptick in sales, so just to understand a little bit what might be prohibited in terms of sales and what might be the impact if demand remains as strong, particularly retail channels, as we've seen? That would be my one question. Thank you very much.
Jim Snee: Yeah, Ben thanks for the comments. We sincerely appreciate them. With regards to the business question around inventory levels, I mean really as we've said multiple times in the comments, the supply chain team since the start of this pandemic has done heroic work to meet the increased demand. And really what we're trying to convey here is as we think about what happened in Q2 to Q3, as we had more -- we had the initial outbreaks and we had plant pauses and more significant disruptions to the supply chain, we did have inventory as a buffer and we're able to continue to fill orders as we were working our way through the initial stages. Over the course of those quarters, though, I mean what we have burned through that inventory. And so now as we head into the fourth quarter, I mean it's going to be very important paramount, if you will, that we keep our supply chain operational. And like I said, the team's done a great job but we can't afford any disruptions. And although we're not seeing the level of outbreaks of COVID cases and we are still having cases on occasion and those cases can have production impact. So, the team is doing a great job as you heard, keeping COVID out of our facilities, working with team members in the facilities to make sure they understand the importance, but But really it's the messaging that says, we were able to have inventory as a buffer. We really in some areas don't have that now and so making sure that our supply chain and our production efficiencies are where they need to be is going to be critical to meet the increased demand. And so, I mean, if you look at some of the demand that we have met, I mean significant increases in pepperoni, in bacon and in spam, some of our center store items. So, we've been able to meet that increased demand, but we just have to make sure that we keep that supply chain in our production facilities going.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, very clear. And then just the technical; one of the 40 million direct-indirect cost supply chain disruption and so on, can you break that out on a segment basis just to understand where the majority was impacting, is it I suppose, refrigerated foods, but also in Jennie-O, how much of an impact that you had there because of some of the plant pauses that you had?
Jim Snee: Yeah, and a majority of them, a majority of those costs were in refrigerated foods and JOTS and obviously in our comments we were pretty specific to talk about that. That outsized impact if you will in JOTS so, that's probably the right way to think about it.
Jim Sheehan: Ben what I would add to that is because JOTS is vertically integrated, the impact on JOTS not only is in the products they sell and the availability of that product and their production lines, it goes all the way to the growth side.
Benjamin Theurer: Yeah, okay, great. I'll leave it here. Congrats again, thank you. 
Jim Snee: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Rupesh Parikh of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions and also congrats on the nice quarter. So I guess I want to go back to Jennie-O, so clearly profitability was challenged during the quarter. Are we now past the plant pauses or is that still an ongoing headwind? And just curious, just any thoughts in terms of how you see the profit recovery unfolding per year for JOTS? 
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, thanks for your comment. So, I mean we haven't had any plant pauses since the beginning of the third quarter, and I mean, we continue to bring labor into the plants. I mean, that's a key ingredient in making sure that we can run the harvest facilities. Of those three plant pauses that we had in Jennie-O Turkey Store and the costs associated, and that had a big impact. Jim just mentioned that it goes all the way back in the vertical supply chain. And, when we can't harvest herbs, we have higher like production costs or higher feed, and then other issues. So, on the supply chain side; big, big impact. But as we think about the dynamics of the business, my comment about why I feel good about it is, we saw the benefits of the distribution that we had regained pre-COVID-19. Now, we understand the impact of consumers going and eating at home more. But obviously, we had to be on a shelf for them to be able to find us. So the distribution gains that we had, we benefited from. We did have a negative impact on our food service business, especially early in the third quarter. You know, like our Hormel Food service business, we've seen some recovery. The Jennie-O Turkey Store food service business is a little more skewed to schools and they have the impact of K through 12 and we're trying to understand how that plays out this semester. So, I mean all in all, it really is COVID related costs that negatively impacted the business. We feel good about the retail side, we’ve got to have recovery in the food service side, but everything that we put in place pre-COVID is playing out and that’s why we are optimistic about the business heading into the future.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay, great. And I guess my one follow-up question, just on e-commerce, you guys had very positive commentary in terms of what you are seeing in e-commerce, both direct to consumer and the clicking collective of your consumers. From a brand perspective, where are you seeing the most strength right now and is anything surprising to you in terms of where you are seeing that strength?
Jim Snee: Yeah, we are pleased, Rupesh, because we saw it across the Board. We saw it in a lot of our refrigerated products and also in our in our grocery items. So, it wasn't skewed to any one brand or product line. Really good balance across the portfolio.
Rupesh Parikh: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Appreciate you taking the questions. I've got one for Jim Snee and then one for Jim Sheehan. Jim Snee, I'd be curious to hear your thoughts on what impact if any there's been from COVID on the product innovation cycle, you noted some of the call outs around new packaging for SKIPPY, you also had a pretty successful heritage of new product innovations that have driven incremental market share, is COVID and operational heavy lifting that you have pushing that innovation cycle out or you still making headway on that front?
Jim Snee: Yeah, great, that's a great question Ben and I will tell you, we are making great headway on that front. I will reference the SKIPPY products that we're bringing into the marketplace and having some really good early success in multiple items. I just recently had an update in terms of the pipeline that is coming this fall. And I mean, it continues to be very strong. It's exciting. It's on trend. And our customers are looking for that innovation. So, I've been really, really impressed with the work that our innovation team, which of course, encompasses so many other functional areas, has been able to do remotely. The other thing that I would mention, and we talked about it, I know on our last call, I don't think we mentioned at this time, but we have continued to track at our 15% goal in regards to innovation. And so, in the midst of everything else that's going on, we haven't lost sight of the fact that innovation is part of our lifeblood and it's something that we need to continue to deliver to drive the company forward. And our team has just done an amazing job responding.
Ben Bienvenu: That's great, okay, thanks. Jim Sheehan, you called out some of the color around your hedging strategy for hogs, makes perfect sense in light of what 2020 was supposed to look like in light of African swine fever and what that meant [ph] for hog prices. Would you expect with your current hedge book, would you expect continued headwinds from hog hedges in the fourth quarter in light of hog prices still being down pretty materially?
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, good morning Ben. But as I said, the hogs are -- hit a 20-year low during the quarter and obviously our hedge positions where we thought were favorable, but any time you take hedge position, you're really mitigating your risk and not trying to time it, that's our strategy. We look at that purchasing hogs on a balanced model that has some on the open market, some on the Western Corn Belt, some on the composite value and utilizing hedges. So the hedges will be a headwind as we expect hog prices to be continued to be down. You know, production has backed up a bit during the time period that there has been some pauses in production. But again, it's a balanced model and as we've looked at our hog costs, our hog costs were still down 20% compared to the prior year. So it takes an approach that is viewing both the future and the current circumstances. 
Ben Bienvenu: Understood, okay, great, thanks. Best of luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. 
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. Can you give a little bit more color on the food service, that channel splits you gave us really helpful, maybe just some of how that progressed over the course of the quarter and what you've seen since in terms of just the momentum or volatility around them?
Jim Snee: Sure, early -- late second quarter, early third quarter I mean significant decline that we saw in our food service business. And early in the third quarter we started to see recovery. The business was on a very nice trend, upward trend and then as we started to see more COVID outbreaks around the country, what happened and it actually was kind of nice to see, is we saw the business or the recovery kind of plateau. And so at the outset what we saw was that initial significant decline in the business and what we saw this time with some of the outbreaks was that the business maintains a level it was at, it just plateaued. So it didn't continue its recovery. And now, we are starting to see a bit more recovery as different states do get it under control. But I mean the fact is that it's still significantly behind a year ago. For us, it is all about what does food service look like in the future, how does the industry reimagine itself, what are the emerging segments that will come from this. We do believe that food away from home is just such an ingrained behavior in our society that it is going to continue in some way, shape, or form but it probably will look different for the foreseeable future.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on M&A, I want to follow-up on your prepared remarks. You obviously mentioned it as something you consider your balance sheet as great for that and there's nothing new there. Maybe just was a little interested that it stayed in the prepared remarks or it's getting mentioned in an environment like this where it looks like -- it feels like it could be more difficult to get deals done. Is that not your sense or is there some better amount of activity there you're doing than it might seem with just the disruptions and some of the things, remotes and everything else?
Jim Snee: Yeah, I think the key takeaway there is, again, you go back to the early stages. You had so many companies, so many people just really trying to figure out which way was up. And so the idea of having M&A activity was not at the top of anyone's list. It was about really running, running the day to day business. And I think that's moderated a little bit and people have figured out maybe a little bit of what a new normal might look like. There are more conversations, there is more interest, and I would tell you that the communication is picking up a little bit. So, from our perspective we believe that we're -- we continue to be in a really good spot with the strength of our balance sheet. Jim talked about our debt offering, when we did it, why we did it, but then also what that could mean for us down the road. So, we continue to value M&A as an important part of our growth strategy going forward.
Michael Lavery: Alright, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning guys. The grocery sales seems a little lighter than I would have expected. How much of that is reflecting in the demand side versus how much is it operational inability to get the product to the consumer or the retailer? And then in addition to that is when you're looking at your inventory levels and your higher ability to get to the retailer, what are the longer-term implications on shelf space and relationships in terms of shorting customers given the demand?
Jim Snee: Sure, I'll answer both of those Ken and I'll -- Jim has any inventory follow-up, I'll let him do that. You know, as you think about grocery products, I mean, the core is right -- the SPAM, the SKIPPY, the Chili, the Dinty Moore and all of that business was very, very strong and able to meet the demand. Probably that gap you're describing and we had a little bit of this I believe in the second quarter is -- this offset by food away from home and contract manufacturing. So the food away from home exists in our MegaMex business and that, like our Hormel food service and our Jennie-O food service business was down. And then we also saw a decline in our contract manufacturing business. So as you think about that delta, those are probably the two pieces that would lead you to that underperformance comment. But I mean, from our perspective, our legacy, our core grocery products business was really, really strong. And even our MegaMex business was up. But we did have a negative impact from their food away from home business. On the inventory piece. I mean, your comment is well made that if over a long-term, you're not able to supply a customer there's going to be ramifications. And I mean, we're not in that position. I mean, we're able to meet and maintain our shelf space with our customers. And going back to my earlier comments, the whole comment around inventory is just that it's shifted, right. We don't have that as a buffer so we do need to make sure that the operations are running as efficiently as they can. So yeah, we're as you would expect and I'm sure you're hearing from others, we're in a constant dialogue with retailers in terms of making sure that where we're meeting their needs, they understand what our situation is and certainly we're not going to put any of our business or our shelf space at risk.
Jim Sheehan: Ken the only thing that I would add to that is that as you think about the inventory decrease, the decreases don't all have the same impact. For instance, we know our food service business is down, so we have purposely decreased our food service inventory so that we could reallocate resources into the retail production. So the supply chain is doing that all of the time and we're trying to meet every need we can. So there are some -- there are some areas that are not going to have much of an impact because they're short, such as some of the areas of food service.
Ken Zaslow: And my follow-up, just a clarification on the turkey business, is everything working now and we should be thinking more normal margins at this point relative to whatever the industry is, or is there still operational legacy issues, I just didn't understand the commentary? And I'll leave it there.
Jim Snee: Well happy to clarify that. I mean, the plants are all up and running. I think from an industry perspective, I mean our margins, our business are always at the top of the industry. We do continue to have higher COVID related costs. And so, PPE, some of the labor issues that would lead to lower volumes, lower overhead recovery, I mean those are still there as we progress in the quarter. But I mean, the plants are still running. We haven't had any pauses since the beginning of the quarter. And so, the retail demand, especially in the lean ground turkey area really, really strong. The food service business is recovering, but still trailing last year. Jim, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, and as you -- again we are being vertically integrated. As you've held birds longer, they are heavier birds, they don't perform as well. We're starting to move through that inventory but that's why the impact on Jennie-O has a longer tail than in areas where we're not vertically integrated. 
Ken Zaslow: And did you clarify if the plants were running what the operating margins would have been and I really will leave it there, I'm sorry?
Jim Snee: No, Ken I want to -- you can have that offline with Nathan and see if he can give you more clarification. 
Ken Zaslow: Great, thank you guys. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Palmer of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the question. In the refrigerated foods segment price mix was down pretty meaningfully. Just wanted to better understand to what extent this reflected a flow through of lower industry commodity prices whether mix such as the higher fresh pork sales at retail were a factor and then as we think about how the fourth quarter might play out, how pricing could proceed especially considering that it sounds like supply is a bit of a constraint right now and thus some pricing for at least pullback in promo could make some sense?
Jim Sheehan: Tom, as you look at the sales of refrigerated foods, they certainly were impacted by lower commodity prices. They had volatility, but prices generally were lower. I mean, as you look at the at the various items, for instance, even bellies it’s had volatility, but it ended closer to the below last year. It was below last year. So that certainly had an impact in the sales prices in refrigerated foods, less than a miss [ph].
Jim Snee: And as you think about the fourth quarter, I mean on the markets, I mean it feels like all of the supply plants are running at very solid levels and the supplies are going to be adequate going forward. So I would expect more of the levels that we're seeing right now.
Thomas Palmer: Okay, thank you. And I guess just to follow-up on co-packers. So how do you see this margin overhang going away over time. Is it driven by over the next couple of quarters taking certain products in-house or is it more that as demand can -- the increased demand for product starts to ease essentially that is a co-packer issue solve itself? Thanks.
Jim Sheehan: So Tom, just to just to clarify, I mean we have already a very well developed and trusted network of co-packers, co-manufacturers that support different areas of our business. I guess what we were saying is as we think about, the need to continue to meet increased demand and make sure that we have the right appropriate risk mitigation. We are finding ways to expand the capacity with some of those trusted coal packers. So it's really less about bringing it back in-house. It's more about finding those opportunities to expand the supply side of the business.
Thomas Palmer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I just have a couple of quick ones, one on Q4, I just wanted to make sure I'm understanding correctly. Jim Snee, you're saying that if your plants run well that you should be able to sustain the sales gains you saw in Q3, you don't have the inventory buffer, but your plants are running at higher capacity, am I understanding that correctly?
Jim Snee: I guess what we're saying there, Heather, is I mean we know that there's going to be increased demand and continue to be increased demand and to meet that demand we have to have our plants run as efficiently and effectively as possible because we don't have that safety stock to draw. So I think we're saying the same thing.
Heather Jones: Okay, perfect. And then the second thing is you've mentioned the impact from hog hedges that you have put in place last year, but then some lower cash hog prices so for the quarter, did I understand you correctly and I think this was Jim Sheehan comment, did I understand you correctly though, that net-net even of the hedge impact that hog costs were more favorable in Q3 than they were in Q3 of 2019?
Jim Sheehan: That's correct Heather. 
Heather Jones: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. 
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Galbo, Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Peter Galbo: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Jim, I guess just as we're thinking about food service out over the next couple of quarters, you guys have a large direct sales force, right that probably has more touch points with some of your restaurant customers, maybe in some of your competitors and I guess the question we're kind of grappling with at this point is, as the weather starts to turn, maybe people go or are forced to go back inside, outdoor dining isn't really as much of a possibility, just what are some of the high level conversations that your salespeople are having with customers at this point that you are willing to share with us?
Jim Snee: Sure, I mean that's a great question, and that is certainly a risk to the next couple of quarters. But I think the other part that we've seen, Peter is so many restaurants have become so much more proficient at a takeout, right. I mean again, as this started takeout was not a big part of the food service operators MO. I mean, some did it better than others and clearly you had drive through, I get all that. But, some of that casual dining locations, they had it as an option but it wasn't a very well developed option. But I think it's fair to say that operationally from a packaging perspective, so many food service operators have become so much more better, so much more proficient with that. And then I go back to this idea of how does food service reimagine itself. And so, this idea that over all these years we've developed this behavior of food away from home and now that's just going to -- I guess that it went away for a period of time but to think that it's going to go away forever just seems to be a bit of a stretch, if you ask me. So I do think that food prepared away from home is going to continue to be on everyone's radar. And I think as more and more especially casual dining segments get comfortable with to go, take out, that's going to continue to be an opportunity.  We also are seeing and working with operators on different grab and go options. So not just food that you bring back into your house, but as you think about where individuals would maybe want to go and sit and have a meal, they're not doing that. It is more of a grab and go. And so everything that we have in our portfolio that we described around all of our pre-options sets us up really well to take advantage of that as food service continues to reimagine itself. So in our direct sales force, as you mentioned, is going to play a critical role in making sure that we understand and that we're on the front end of this re-imagination. It's going to be really, really important for us. So, I mean, those are just some of the conversations we're having. But, I mean, it's still this is going to be a work in process, but we feel good about where we're at in the cycle.
Peter Galbo: Okay, now that's helpful, thanks very much. And maybe just Jim Sheehan a quick one, just you're kind of a month into the quarter at this point, you still have a pretty wide range on the COVID costs for the fourth quarter, just what would drive you to the high end versus the low end of the 20 million to 40 million? Thanks very much, guys.
Jim Sheehan: The issue that would create the highest cost would be a play or pause. The fact that, you know, we talked about this I think even last quarter, every day we're getting better at running our facilities under the current structures and the current cost matrix that we have. And we'll be -- we were better at the end of the quarter than we were at the beginning of the quarter. And the end of the fourth quarter we will be much better. So we continue to improve and we address these costs. But they are real costs and they are there. So we're building efficiencies. If there's a plant pause that would have the biggest risk of increasing our costs.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Hi, yes, thanks. Good morning everyone, appreciate letting me squeezing in. So my question is just taking -- wrapping it all up a lot of ground covered. The comments on the fiscal fourth quarter kind of mirrors the dynamics of the third quarter. I'm just trying to translate that into kind of operating performance a little bit and is that intended to reflect sales and year-on-year sales and year-on-year margin performance would look similar absent kind of a substantial change in the COVID kind of outlook or just help me think about kind of what that actually means as we think about sales margins in your business?
Jim Sheehan: Yeah so, Adam, good morning. I guess I'll take it more from a sales perspective. And so when we say similar dynamics to Q3, I mean, we're thinking about continued strong retail demand both from grocery products, refrigerated foods, and JOTS. Still experiencing recovery in the food service businesses and just a reminder that they're a big part of refrigerated foods and JOTS. So, we have continued to work to do. Our international demand is strong across most geographies. We expect that to continue. As I said earlier, from a supply chain perspective, not having outbreaks but we continue to battle on the production front as we do have individual cases and that can create production challenges. We've talked about the safety stock as a buffer and the need to have a supply chain hitting on all cylinders. And so, that's when we say the dynamics are similar to Q3. I mean, that's how we're thinking about it from a demand and a supply perspective. So hopefully that's helpful to you.
Adam Samuelson: It is and just last quick one, the $80 million to $100 million of COVID related costs that you're expecting to incur in fiscal 2020, do you have any rough idea of what that could look like in fiscal 2021, I imagine there's a portion of that of bonuses that you wouldn't necessarily plan on, on repeating?
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, we don't have -- we don't have an estimate on that for 2021 yet. We're starting that whole process and we're trying to get a better read on those that are permanent or longer-term and those that were temporary. So, we don't have that today and as soon as we get more clarity on that we'll pass that along.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The last question today will come from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: What an honor to be the wrap up question. Believe or not it's all about inventory levels. So one point of clarification I guess, last quarter, I think what we learned is that maybe 20% of the grocery division is contract manufacturing, also some alternative channels that are not growing within grocery. So is it fair to say that that's the reason why your grocery division is not demonstrating the same level of growth that most of us see in Nielsen measured channels at retail, it's -- I'm having trouble figuring out whether retailers reduced inventory or not, it sounds like they really did in third quarter but really the difference between the Nielsen measured and what you're reporting here is really just the alternative channels?
Jim Snee: I think that's right Rob. First I would say it's always an honor to back clean up, so we're honored. But you're right, I mean, we do have that delta in grocery products. That is that the food away from home that's in MegaMex and then the contract manufacturing that I know we talked about last quarter. And so that is the delta. From a retailer perspective, I mean, we haven't seen anything significantly different in terms of what they're doing with their inventory levels.
Robert Moskow: Okay, got it. So it's not like we're going to have a big resale in the October quarter related to the fall season or anything like that, you will ship to consumption in the fall in the October quarter, is your expectation?
Jim Snee: Yes, exactly. 
Robert Moskow: Okay, and then last question, on refrigerated, you said that your commodity costs are also down, you used to give us fresh pork profits in the past when it was kind of normalizing lower, so are fresh pork profits higher in this quarter versus year ago as a result of those higher costs being down?
Jim Sheehan: They're actually relatively comparable. 
Robert Moskow: Comparable.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, they're comparable because obviously there's been so much volatility in the markets. I mean, it's just been wild, that ways we are as low as 89 and as high as 267. And the timing of when you're buying and winning when you're selling just could have a -- play havoc on that. So Rob, this fresh pork is probably the most -- this isn't the best quarter to measure profitability of fresh pork, but it was in the range.
Robert Moskow: Okay, and when you're talking about fresh pork, you're talking about also including those hedges as well that were unfavorable in the quarter?
Jim Snee: That’s true. 
Robert Moskow: Alright, guys. Thank you very much. 
Jim Snee: Yup, thank you, Robert.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Snee for any closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you for joining us on our call today and one of our cultural beliefs is results matter. And as you heard today, we delivered results. We delivered results in many areas. We delivered results in our business, we delivered results in keeping our team members safe, and once again, we delivered results as a great corporate citizen. To our team members listening in thank you for all you do. Stay safe.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-05-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: [Call Starts Abruptly]
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Conference Call for the Second Quarter of Fiscal 2020. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our Web site at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide an overview of the company's response for the COVID-19 pandemic, in review of the company's current and future operating condition and commentary regarding each segment's performance for the quarter. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and commentary regarding the company's current and future financial condition. The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 a.m. today, Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is (888) 254-3590, and the access code is 7355932. It will also be posted to our Web site and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 30 to 35 in the company's Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 26, 2020, in addition to a supplemental risk factor related to the COVID-19 pandemic included in our Form 8-K files this morning. Those can be accessed on our Web site. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance. These non-GAAP measures include organic volume, organic sales, adjusted pretax earnings, adjusted diluted earnings per share and operating free cash flow. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate Web site. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thanks Nathan. Good morning everyone. First off, I want to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to the essential workers showing up everyday in food manufacturing facilities across the industry. They should be recognized for the heroic and purposeful work they are doing and they have my most sincere appreciation and gratitude. I also want to acknowledge the food industry employees for showing their commitment everyday with the work they do, whether in a grocery stores, food pantries, restaurants serving patrons or takeout, delivery or curbside pick-up. And of course, a big thank you to the healthcare workers and first responders who are keeping all of us safe. Throughout this pandemic, our number one priority has been to keep our team members safe, especially those who are not in a position to work remotely. Our COVID leadership team including operations, quality control, communications, legal, R&D, and human resources have worked tirelessly to ensure we have the appropriate enhanced safety measures in place, including personal protective equipment for all plant team members, temperature and wellness screenings, frequent disinfecting of high touch areas, reconfiguration of common areas and workstations, revised shift scheduling, reducing production line speeds, new guidelines on carpooling, more extensive social distancing measures throughout each facility and wherever possible providing remote work opportunities and improved access to COVID-19 testing. I am continually amazed in our management team's ability to find innovative ways to enhance employee safety in our facilities. Throughout this crisis, we have also been transparent with our team and the public about all we are doing to put safety first. As part of our industry-leading safety measures, we have also developed an awareness campaign we call "Keep COVID Out," a program that reinforces various preventative measures at our production facilities and in the communities where we live and work. As a global branded food company, we play a critical role in providing safe, high-quality food during this unprecedented time. As we all know, it has not been business as usual over the past several weeks, and we will likely be in this new normal for some time. I'm very proud of how all our team members have stepped up and reacted to the rapidly changing dynamics in our industry. Before I get into the quarterly results, I want to take a moment to tell you a few things about our approach over the last several weeks that really stand out for me. I told our team that we were made for this and the following are examples of what really makes us the company so uncommon. As we progressed into the initial stages of the pandemic, our senior leadership team agreed that we would do everything we could to protect the jobs of our thousands of team members. Each day, I heard examples of our supply chain team going above and beyond to shift production between plants or relocate where certain jobs could be done. In many cases, these changes had never been done before. Balancing workloads across plants in a manner we did was not the most cost-effective decision, but it was the right decision. Another example of what makes this company uncommon is our commitment to making the best long-term decisions for our team members, suppliers, customers, and shareholders. Because of our stable cash flows and strong balance sheet, we will not neglect any strategic investments during this uncertain time. We have completed a comprehensive review of our capital projects, and in some cases have slightly delayed project completion because the additional capacity isn't needed right now. However, we continue to move forward with many investments that will enhance our long-term performance. One such investment is Project Orion. Our team's ability to effectively and efficiently work remotely has allowed us to keep Project Orion on track, and we have made the decision to go live on our financial system update in June. I know everyone on our finance team is committed to making the important cutover a success. We are confident we will see the benefits from our financial system go live just as we are seeing from our HR system upgrade completed in January. I also want to take a few minutes to highlight key areas that are helping us weather the storm. First, our creation of One Supply Chain supply chain three years ago has been instrumental in helping us manage this crisis from one pivot point at an executive level. The quick decisions we made early on could not have been made in the same way if we were operating four or five different supply chains. Second, the significant investments we made several years ago in our ecommerce team, infrastructure, and capabilities positioned us to quickly grow in this emerging channel. During the quarter, our tracked purchases through IRI were up over 100% and our brands are significantly outpacing category growth and capturing market share in many categories across both center store and perimeter. Finally, our decision late last year to transition the entire enterprise to one IT platform made virtual coordination much easier than it otherwise would have been. While our decision to transition right before the pandemic was serendipitous, our IT Services Group deserves a lot of credit for seamlessly transitioning thousands of team members to working remotely in less than a week. Now looking at our sales results for the quarter, the balance we have purposely built into our business is a competitive advantage that has allowed us to perform well in many different economic situations, including the current crisis. For the quarter, volume increased 4% and organic volume increase 7%. We delivered record sales for the quarter with an increase of 3%. Organic sales increased 6%, and three of our four segments delivered increases in sales. From a channel perspective, total retail sales increased 16% during the quarter. We saw multiple different waves of demand in our retail businesses as the pandemic has unfolded. In the first wave, we saw tremendous demand for nearly all of our center store brands. Our initial assessment was consumers were stocking up, but as the weeks progressed, we continue to see sustained double-digit increases. The second wave of demand took place as shelter-in-place restrictions were enacted across the country, and consumers shifted from dining and restaurants to purchasing more perishable products across the perimeter of the store. We continue to see perimeter sales increase at double-digit rates over last year. Throughout the escalation in demand, we've seen a large increase in the number of new buyers and households purchasing our branded products. What I'm particularly proud about is the number of new buyers that are making repeat purchases of our brands. This is an important leading indicator as consumers are using our products, enjoying the experience, and repurchasing our brands. I'm also encouraged by our team's ability to capture, share in channels that were open and available namely the retail channel. From a total company perspective, we significantly outperformed the category, private label, other large brands, and small brands. Our ability to capture market share is a testament to our brands and direct sales force, and also to our operations and supply chain teams’ ability to ensure our products are on the shelf. One dynamic from the pandemic that is affecting all of us is what is happening across the foodservice industry. It's heartbreaking to see distributors, restaurants, hotels, and many other foodservice venues struggle to survive. I've seen estimates of thousands of restaurants across the United States could close as a result of this crisis. Every entrepreneur behind each restaurant has a unique story of why and how they chose to open their restaurant. Many of these restauranteurs are community members trying to make their neighborhood a better place to live and work, and these closings are tragic. Our foodservice divisions have been doing their part to help the foodservice industry. Within days of the crisis, our Hormel Food Service Group offered a rebate program to help offset operators' food costs. This program was successful and exceeded our expectations. We're also working very closely with our distributor partners to support their needs and have recently received accolades for our efforts. And finally, we've talked a great deal about how our direct sales force is a distinct competitive advantage and no time is that more true than right now. Our sales team has been on the virtual frontlines, helping operators quickly adjust to take out delivery and curbside pickup with best in class guides and kits, and sometimes being the only supplier to personally check in with the restauranteur during this difficult time. Like others in the industry, we saw a sharp decline in our foodservice business starting in late March. For the quarter, our enterprise foodservice sales were down 21%. As you think about our domestic foodservice business, it is primarily sold through the Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store segments. Prior to the outbreak, our foodservice business represented approximately 40% of sales in both segments and a majority of our operator customers are in key segments, such as midscale and casual dining, lodging, K-12 schools, colleges and universities and healthcare. Each foodservice segment is experiencing different dynamics during the shelter-in-place restrictions, and each will have a different recovery timeline coming out of the pandemic. Even though it is early in the third quarter, we are starting to see orders pick up across our foodservice businesses. From a financial perspective, we delivered earnings per share of $0.42; Jim Sheehan will provide more details of the moving pieces, but I do want to mention that our earnings fully reflect $0.05 per share in investment losses and increased supply chain costs related to COVID-19. The high level dynamic during the quarter was similar in each segment. Namely, demand shifts from foodservice to retail at higher operational costs. However, each segment did experience some unique circumstances, and I want to highlight those areas. Grocery products volume increase 7% and sales increased 8%. Organic volume increased 19% and organic sales increased 20%. We saw exceptional growth from nearly every brand, with some products delivering very strong double-digit growth including the SPAM family of products, SKIPPY peanut butter, and Hormel chili. Two keys to grocery product success during the quarter was the sales and marketing teams focus on limiting production to our priority, high volume items and frequent conversations with our customers regarding assortment and product availability. We know our center store brands are perfectly suited for value consumers who need affordable high quality products for their families. With millions of Americans now unemployed, or shelf stable products are as important to consumers as they've ever been. Earnings for grocery products increased 22% despite the divestiture of CytoSport for last year. Strong volumes and improved mix were the key drivers to the double-digit increase. Jennie-O Turkey Store delivered a strong quarter with volumes up 19%, sales up 12% and a segment profit of 54%. Strong retail, whole-bird and commodity sales more than offset declines in food service. The Jennie-O sales and marketing group made excellent progress regaining distribution prior to the pandemic, which puts them in a strong position to succeed. During the quarter, Jennie-O lean ground turkey sales increased by double digits. Higher sales and operational improvements across the supply chain are the key drivers to earnings growth. International volume decreased 2% and sales increased 2%. Branded exports primarily SPAM offset declines in our China food service business. Segment profits increased 62% due to higher branded export margins and increased income from affiliates. I'm pleased to report our China plants operations are now fully up and running to support our retail and food service businesses as the country continues on its path for reopening. Our food service business in China is improving off the lows we saw during the pandemic and we are seeing very strong demand for SPAM, SKIPPY and our refrigerated products at retail. The team in China is working through higher pork prices, but are taking the necessary pricing actions to offset cost increases. Refrigerated foods volume was flat and organic volume was down 1%. Sales increased 1% and organic sales declined 3%. Retail demand was led by products such as Hormel Black Label bacon, Applegate natural and organic products, Columbus grab-and-go charcuterie and Hormel pepperoni. We also finalized the acquisition of Sadler's Smokehouse during the quarter. The majority of Sandler's sales are into the food service channel. But I've been impressed by the way in which this team has quickly pivoted their production to meet the growing needs in retail. One unique trend we are seeing in the marketplace is consumers searching for products that can replace a restaurant experience. Brand like Sadler's Smokehouse and Lloyd's barbeque fit that need perfectly. In fact, our retail lines at Sadler's and Lloyd's have been operating at capacity to meet the demand for their products. Our food service business saw double-digit declines during the quarter. However, we are very confident that as the food service industry starts to open up, our product lines featuring precooked, pre-sliced and pre-marinated products will thrive as operators look to simplify preparation and reduce handling of products. Our deli business experienced customer dynamics that were a blend between retail and food service. Products like Columbus grab-and-go charcuterie performed well as consumers searched for unique and flavorful products. We can see declines in the behind the glass and prepared food businesses, as many retailers closed these areas to redeploy labor to other sections of the store. Earnings were down 17% to the lower food service sales and higher operational costs as we paused production at two plants during the quarter. Jim Sheehan will provide more details regarding input cost volatility the refrigerated foods team experienced during the quarter. As we look forward, we are withdrawing our full year sales and earnings guidance. The decision to withdraw guidance reflects uncertainty created by COVID-19 in several key areas, including consumer behavior at retail and food service, volatility and our input costs and supply chain disruptions. Our team is focused on these indicators to guide our decisions and investments in the coming weeks and months. First, we are paying close attention to consumer behavior across our entire portfolio. We are watching consumer buying patterns in the retail channel with metrics such as household penetration and repeat rates. We're also watching how consumers emerge from shelter and place restrictions across the country and reengage the food service industry. In addition to monitoring restaurant traffic, we're observing how other segments in the food service industry, such as lodging, colleges and universities, and K through 12 education reopen. We're also actively managing through the volatility we're seeing in raw material markets. As I mentioned, Jim Sheehan will provide a detailed assessment of the hog and pork industry of the recent periods of operational pause and start-up in processing facilities across the industry are creating dramatic swings in input costs. I have the highest confidence in our ability to pass along the necessary pricing, but we may experience short-term margin compression, or expansion as raw material markets adjust to the rapid changes in supply and demand. Finally, while we have implemented industry leading safety measures, we have experienced operational challenges at some of our facilities due to COVID-19. And we are strategically managing through operational disruptions on a daily basis. These operational disruptions have led to incremental supply chain costs. During the second quarter, our costs increased by approximately $20 million primarily related to team member bonuses, enhanced safety measures and lower production volumes. In the second half, we expect to incur another $60 million to $80 million of incremental costs that are temporary and these costs will be weighted to the third quarter. In closing, I want to emphasize three points. First, our company was built for this. We have the right strategy, sound business fundamentals, best in class management and the financial strength to thrive in this dynamic marketplace. Second, we will not do anything to jeopardize our strong financial position. We are well-equipped to weather this storm and will be stronger because of it. Third, we have said from the very beginning of this pandemic, that our goal was to do our best to do everything right. From people safety to supporting our partners and customers to ensuring America has food on its shelves to donating millions of dollars and millions of meals to hunger related causes. Everything we are doing is in perfect alignment with our purpose of inspired people, inspired food. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter, provide commentary regarding key input cost markets and an update on our financial position.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning. Net sales increased 3% to $2.4 billion, a record for the second quarter. Organic sales were up 6%. Segment profit increased 5% to $310 million as double-digit growth from grocery products Jennie-O turkey store and international more than offset a decline in refrigerated foods. Pretax earnings were $286 million down 10%. Excluding the CytoSport gain last year, adjusted pretax earnings declined 5%. This decrease included significant losses on investments. The effective tax rate was 20.6% compared to 11.1% last year. Last year's rate benefited from a tax gain on the CytoSport sale. Earnings per share for the quarter was $0.42 down 19%. Adjusted earnings per share was down 9%. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased year-over-year. Lower expenses last year were due primarily to the gain from the CytoSport sale. Advertising for the quarter was $35 million flat to last year. Net unallocated expenses for the quarter increased $46 million. The increase was due primarily to $16 million related to the CytoSport pretax gain and $19 million in lower investment results from last year. Operating margins were 12.1% compared to 13.3% last year. Additional costs included the import investments in COVID-19 related employee safety measures and production professional bonuses. Both reflect our commitment to our production professionals and ensuring their safety. The company continued to generate strong and stable cash flows despite the impact of COVID-19. Cash flow from operations and free cash flow more than doubled in the quarter compared to the prior year. We recently renewed our shelf stable registration statement and are considering near-term opportunities to access the debt market, at favorable interest rates to provide ample liquidity to take advantage of strategic opportunities. The company's strong cash flow and balance sheet along with the investment grade credit rating allows us to manage risk, as well as make strategic and long-term investments to drive shareholder return even in times of uncertainty. We are confident we will remain in a strong position to fund our capital needs, including the dividend, capital expenditures and pension contributions as we grow the business. We paid our 367th consecutive quarterly dividend effective May 15 at an annual rate of $0.93 per share, and 11% increase over 2019. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $80 million compared to $48 million last year. Large projects for the remainder of the year include the Burke pizza topping plant expansion, a new dry sausage facility and Project Orion. The company's target for capital expenditures in 2020 is $340 million. We completed the purchase of Sandler's Smokehouse for $269 million during the quarter using cash on hand. Share repurchases in the quarter were $12 million representing 300,000 shares. We repurchased stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises, and based on our internal valuation. The quarter was impacted by contrasting dynamic forces. Within an 8-week period, the industry experienced the decline in food service demand, creating an oversupply of protein. This was quickly followed by plant disruptions which resulted in significant protein shortages. At the peak in early May, the industry was operating at 40% below capacity. The changing dynamics of supply and demand cost are swings in hogging commodity values, which have continued into the third quarter. To illustrate the volatility, the USDA composite cutout declined 40% from March 23 to April 9. Since April 9, prices have increased by as much as 140% to levels that's been since DEDV in 2014. Likewise, bellies have traded between $40 and $270 per hundredweight since the beginning of April. These trim traded at both 10-year lows and 10-year highs over the same period. The most recent USDA supply and demand report estimates a 1% decline in hog production for the year after estimating a 5% increase in the prior month's report. We feel the hog in commodity values in the near-term will be determined by industry processing capacity. Additional plant disruptions will depress hog values and increase commodity values. Alternatively, if the industry is capable of operating at near capacity levels, hog prices and commodity values should moderate. Worldwide demand for pork remains strong. We continue to monitor African swine fever in China, Southeastern Asia and Europe. According to the USDA exports are expected to increase greater than 10%. In the near-term, we are closely analyzing two key factors, hog processing levels and consumer confidence as restaurants reopen. We are currently using multiple predictive analytic models to monitor and forecast both factors. We are actively managing industry capacity issues by leveraging the three ways we source raw materials; internal processing, contracted sourcing and purchasing primals on the open market. The supply chain strategy is designed to mitigate volatility. The margins could expand and contract as pricing lags changes in cost. This can shift profitability between quarters. Fundamentals in the turkey industry were mixed in the second quarter, but recent data indicates improving conditions. Consistent with the pork industry in the near-term, we are focused on the ability to maintain turkey operations in the industry and at our facilities. Four placements in the last six weeks have experienced meaningful declines. This should continue to reduce cold storage levels, which had already significantly declined. We expect whole-bird pricing to remain elevated compared to last year for the remainder of the year. Turkey breast pricing was significantly lower in the second quarter, but pricing is improved in the third quarter. We successfully implemented the Oracle Human Capital Management System of Project Orion in January. As Jim Snee said our team is credited with advancing Project Orion as we work remotely with minimal project delays. We are proceeding with the finance go-live in June. Our team is already benefiting from enhanced analytics and improved demand planning. In June, we will introduce additional capacities such as robotic process automation and real-time data integration. Further implementation for the supply chain will take place later in 2020 and 2021. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question from Tom Palmer with JPMorgan.
Tom Palmer: You gave some helpful detail on what you're seeing in the hog and pork market. I just wanted to ask about how that translates to your results as you kick off the quarter, right? It would sound, I guess on the lean hog side prices down quite a bit, but you guys historically have not always seen your costs track as closely just given your negotiated purchases. And then, on the more input cost side, you're seeing some pretty substantial increases. So are you kind of messaging that the quarter is going to start-off a little bit slower from a profit standpoint, and then you would look to adjust pricing and kind of recapture those input costs or did I miss here?
Jim Sheehan: First of all, the most important thing on pricing is going to be the ability to keep the plants running and the processing capacity and right now that seems to be happening. But there's great deal of uncertainty as to what plants are going to be had and the volume impact those interruptions will have. So that's the most important thing as you look at our quarter that can create the volatility that you've talked about. The other thing that's happening in the industry is that primals or items raw materials don't require additional processing are much more expensive than the less processed items. My example would be hams right now are running at about $35, but 72% trim today is 125. Normally, you would take those hams and you'd bone them because of that price discrepancy in the two items. And you'd bone the hams for trim, but right now it's hard to find the labor with the absenteeism that's in the plants to do that boning. So there's a quite a bit of diversity in the pricing of the primals right now. As far as hog prices today, hog prices are at about $39 says the western Corn Belt. And last quarter, our pricing for hogs were not far off of the average Western Corn Belt I think was about mid-50s 54 and 55 in that range. The only thing that was a bit above average for us were grain based contracts. And so, hog pricing for us is not out of line of what you're seeing in the Western Corn Belt. We're watching the input costs greatly and you're seeing the volatility. I mean, take a look at 72% trim. It was as low as $34 in the second quarter went as high as $145 in the second quarter. That comparison gets to $68 price today and it's at 125. You've got bellies that range from $41 at the low to 267 at the high averaged about 113. And it's dropped to $94, just the last week. So it's really hard to read the -- or estimate the primal values, raw material costs. But watch what's happening on the plant performance. Again, as I said before, if we're able to keep players both the industry and our plants running at about capacity, we think there'll be a moderation in both hog prices and overall primal values. Hope that helps.
Tom Palmer: And then just wanted to ask on the Jennie-O side, the volume growth, I think, traditionally, about three quarters of your product has been internally supplied. I'd be surprised if you were able to move slaughter volumes by as much as that segment volumes were up. So could you talk about your purchases this quarter, any changes to inventory levels, and then how you're thinking about kind of a mix versus slaughter and purchases going forward?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, obviously, we're quite pleased with the quarter that JOTS had, really good work, coming off of -- coming out of our first quarter call, we talked about what they had done in distribution and really what they've continued to do, especially on lean ground turkey. They've been able to really move through some of that inventory, because we've had -- the business has been driven across the entire portfolio. So whether it was retail, whole-birds, commodities, it's been a really, really good mix of products that have put them in a great position in the quarter. In regards to some of the actual harvest volumes and some of those questions, we'll have Nathan follow-up with you on that, that level of detail, but just overall really strong demand across many areas. Good quarter for JOTS.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Heather Jones.
Heather Jones: Just wondering when you talk about food service in the refrigerated foods business. I guess a two part question. Just wondering if you could give us a sense of what proportion of that is like the QSRs or pizza takeout chains versus like the hotels, institutions business? And then, the second part of the question is, we talk about you start to see this demand come back, if you could just give us some sense of the magnitude of recovery you're seeing.
Jim Snee: Thanks Heather the question. Our food service business was off to a great start this year and in the quarter. We saw some really strong growth through mid-March. And then a sharp decline through the end of quarter, we talked about business being down 21%. And as we think about the channels where we compete, we have a very balanced food service business. And so you think about lodging, colleges, universities, K through 12, midscale casual chains, really, really nice balance. When you talk about QSR, if you're talking about traditional burger chains, probably don't have a lot of business there. But if you think about locations that still have drive thru business available to them. We have quite a bit of business in that channel, if you want to call it that. And so very balanced model across food service and as we're starting out the third quarter and we talked about, it's early, we're seeing some demand pick up. The part that is really hard to read at this point, we'll be watching closely. Is that pipeline fill or is it true consumer demand, so we're certainly not spiking the ball. We know we're going to have to watch it closely over the weeks and months ahead, but from where we sit, we feel like we're well positioned. We talk about our direct sales force that's able to pivot and get out in front of operators as their world has changed dramatically. The products that we've spent years and years creating Austin Blues, Fire Braised, Bacon 1, Cafe H, all so well positioned for this new environment. And so obviously, we got to watch what happens with capacity, patron comfort level, the speed and magnitude of rebounds. So lots of uncertainty there. But, when it's all said and done, we've got an amazing food service group that I know put us in a great position to win.
Heather Jones: Thank you. And then, my second question is on, Jim Sheehan, you mentioned utilization of the plants, for the industry and for Hormel, if one of you could give us a sense of, with the CDC guidelines, et cetera. What do you think over the next 6 to 12 months is the feasible max utilization for these plants trying to end. And are you guys having issues with getting labor to the bone in hands or would you be able to take advantage of those cheap pan costs for your trim?
Jim Snee: Heather, I'll go ahead and take that one. I mean, I think the thing to remember, in our facilities, we don't own any of the harvest facilities. So as you think about our processing plants, it is a different business. And so yes, we do have some lines, some areas where it is hard to socially distance. Our team has done an amazing job putting in those enhanced safety measures and really meeting or exceeding CDC and OSHA guidelines. In those plants, I mean, we've seen some lines have to slow down. But I wouldn't say that it's anything that's going to have a dramatic impact on the business long-term, that the shorter term issue is as you do have more and more positive cases and you get some absenteeism, that's the short-term issue that really is impacting the capacity in some of these plants. And so, we're in a much better place in terms of understanding how to manage through the process. All of our plants are up and running today. And really one of the keys as we've progressed through this pandemic is the fact that additional testing has really allowed us to maintain the understanding of what's happening and who's positive, who is negative, who has to sit out until can come back to work. So having more testing widely available is really been a great thing. And I think you'll continue to see that via a benefit as we'd like to maintain our operations.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Erica Eiler with Oppenheimer.
Erica Eiler: Good morning. This is actually Erica Eiler on Rupesh. Thanks for taking our questions. You talked a little bit about what you're seeing in the food service channel here so far early in Q3. Is there any color you can provide and what you're seeing within the retail channel lately?
Jim Snee: Sure. We've continued to see very strong dynamic, strong business in the retail channel, both in the center of the store and on the perimeter of the store. We've been really pleased with what's happened in grocery products as we've been able to add households, bring new consumers into the mix. I would say early on in the crisis, there was this view that it was all just stocking up or pantry loading. But over time, we've seen the velocity, we've seen a sustained demand. So we know that there's a lot of new buyers and stronger new buyer repeat percentage. So that has held up on the retail side of the business, both center of the store and the perimeter.
Erica Eiler: Okay, great. And just given the challenges in food service, due to this unprecedented environment. Can you talk about, your ability to convert some of your food service supply into the grocery retail channel and some of the things you've been doing on this front?
Jim Snee: Yes. Early on, I mean, we had our retail team collaborating with our food service team and where there were opportunities to repack products. We certainly took advantage of that, the governments eased some of the labeling requirements, which was a positive as we were able to move more products into the channel. But then, the demand was so great, we had a number of retailers who were less concerned about maybe the retail packaging and just wanting product available for shelf. So we started to sell food service packed items into retail channels as well. So it's really been a little bit of everything in terms of converting some food service lines into retail, moving food service product into retail, all with this idea of how are we helping retailers meeting the increased demand.
Operator: Your next question from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: When you work from the new COVID-19 environment or the new normal however you want to put it? Well, Hormel's earnings strength is stronger or weaker or the same and what financial measures we use, think about when you emerging and how do you frame it?
Jim Snee: It's a great question, Ken. When you say when you emerge, clearly you have to take out the next few quarters, just based on the uncertainty that we talked about and really the industry is talking about. From our perspective, we're thinking two plus years out and what we are really confident in is this balanced model that we've intentionally and purposefully built and talked about tirelessly over the last number of years. And it's so important, because it really allows us to meet the consumer wherever they choose to go. And so, in the midst of this crisis, obviously, you had food service operations shutting down so the consumer behavior was forced. But they had to choose perimeter, center of the store and we were there front and center, right? Center store perimeter, deli, ecommerce and so we feel really good about the balanced business model we've created. The other thing that we feel really good about is the way that we've been able to provide value, variety and versatility across this entire portfolio. And so again, as the consumer evolves out of this crisis where are they going to go with the number of unemployed Americans now, value is a more important certainly in the shorter term than it's ever been. And we're there. And then, if there is a consumer trend that emerges in a big way that maybe we're not competing today. This balance sheet that we talked about that Jim Sheehan referenced, I mean, it really allows us to quickly pivot and become competitive either by building or buying. And so we remain very bullish on our earnings power over the long-term as you would imagine, but I think there's some really good data and support behind why we feel so bullish. And so lots of great opportunities in the short-term, but we think we're well positioned over the long-term as well, hopefully, that's helpful Ken.
Ken Zaslow: I guess what I'd say is, to what extent do you think the cost structure will increase in the permanent and if food service loses, say 2 to 500 basis points? Are you in a better position or worst position, I guess, is kind of what I'm. And you did also mention, there are -- you potentially taking on more debt for strategic opportunities? What does that mean? So again, I get the three or four part question and I'll leave it there.
Jim Snee: Yes. No, I mean, it's a great question. But again, if food service does have a permanent decline where does that go, right? And so does it go to our grocery products organization? Is it going into more fresh meat? I mean that part is so real, really too early to tell in terms of what is the more permanent consumer behavior. We need to see that play out over time. I think what we're really trying to say is, no matter where it goes, we'll be there to be able to capitalize on it. I mean, our goal, obviously, is to maintain and return to the business that we have, because obviously we know that our food service business is very competitively managed. In terms of, what we talked about some of the short-term financial opportunities. I mean, clearly, we don't know what's going to happen as this crisis keeps dragging on. And so we just want to make sure, a) that we're well positioned not only for our existing business, but if opportunities arise to be able to quickly take advantage of it.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Ken. Regarding the debt, we do have some debt $250 million that matures in April of next year, so it's within one year. Obviously, interest rates are very favorable right now, we think that there will be an interest in Hormel in the market. So we think that those favorable interest rates will be passed on to us, if we decide to go out there. And as Jim said, we want to be well positioned for any opportunities that exist during this time period and as we come out of this time period to pivot and take advantage of those markets that may provide opportunities either new markets or existing markets where we can expand whether by building within that structure or acquiring.
Operator: Our next question from Peter Galbo with Bank of America.
Jim Snee: I'm not sure if the caller is there.
Nathan Annis:  Operator you can move to the next person in the queue.
Operator: One moment please.
Nathan Annis: Operator, are you able to move to the next person in the queue?
Operator: It appears my -- technical difficulties.
Nathan Annis: Operator, are you still having tough technical difficulties?
Operator: Yes. One moment while I pick up.
Nathan Annis: To all the listeners, please stand by our operator is having technical difficulties. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Peter Galbo, please go ahead with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys, can you hear me?
Jim Snee: Yes, we can.
Peter Galbo: Jim, thanks again for the help just kind of in thinking about, the three different ways that your source. I guess I just want to focus in on kind of the sourcing of primals. I think a few years ago, you would given a number that it's around $700 million to $900 million annually that you kind of purchased externally, in a given basis. I just want to make sure that's still a good number and maybe forgetting about kind of the inflation and pricing you've seen for a moment. Has the ability to physically secure supply of product at least improve it all from, say kind of the end of April through the first couple of weeks in May? And I have a follow up as well.
Jim Snee: Certainly. I think that's what you're seeing, as I said, you saw bellies at 267 during the depth of the decline in operations and now they're back at $94. And you're seeing the movement as plants come online and start to understand how to operate at this. At this level, you're seeing those prices decrease, obviously, those are market prices. Right now, we're not doing a lot of buying on the open market. The products that we're getting through our internal sources and our contracted sources are providing enough volume for us as you've seen the decline in the food service industry, the demand from the food service industry. Again, it depends on what items you're looking for as to how easy they are, a very bone and ham, you can find any place but again, that's you have to find an operation that has the ability to source if you're looking for trim. So it takes some work, but we've been doing this for a long time. We have a highly skilled staff that have long relationships and I think suppliers who appreciate operating with Hormel, so those relationships have helped us through this process. You've seen this in the beef industry where you have beef 50s that have been as high as 326. But as operations have come back online, there are 198. So it's something that you have to be skilled at, but it's something that we're able to handle.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. And then, just the second question, the retail sales number that you quoted, above 16%, kind of seems to imply that maybe you under shipped consumption relative to what we saw in the scanner data. Was there any inventory drawdown on the part of the retailer or some of your distribution partners that we would have seen or is it really that we should expect to kind of see a pipeline may fail, so to speak, going in to the third quarter?
Jim Snee: Again, it's early in the third quarter, but so far our retail business both center of the store and the perimeter is holding up and it's strong. I think from an inventories perspective, any inventory retailers have and any inventory that we add on some of the high volume items, those are pretty well cleared and you're dealing with all current production levels. Our IRI data is still really, really strong and we could share in a number of categories again both perimeter and center of the store. So really pleased about where the business is, the part that we've touched on in our comments that we're also really pleased with is our ecommerce business. We made significant investments a couple years ago. And we've seen those investments pay-off very strong growth, capturing share, not only brick and mortar but virtually. And we think we'll continue to see that as a growth engine as consumers continue to get comfortable shopping online, whether it's delivery or click and collect. So I would say retail business across the board in store ecommerce all really strong Peter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So, I guess first question, we have a clarification. The $20 million, the cost -- of switching costs incurred in the quarter, and $60 million to $80 million expected to incur, over the balance of the fiscal year, just to help us think about where those actually fell in the segment's perspective, just we can understand kind of how the comps play out next year, most of them up.
Jim Sheehan: So in the second quarter, most of that cost came within JOTS and refrigerated foods. Our refrigerated foods had a little bit higher percentage and that had to do with some early interruptions and processing that we saw in a refrigerated foods and then it was followed later by some additional safety measures that we talked and to be very honest, we set a priority of employee safety and we didn't do a lot of negotiation when it came time to going out getting the protective gear or taking other actions we acted quickly. So that we could provide that assurance to our employees. As we go forward, I think that you're going to look at it as to the volume of operations and refrigerated foods and grocery products, we'll both see a portion of that expense, probably the highest footfall within refrigerated foods, then Jennie-O and then grocery products, if you think about it, roughly but it's a changing dynamic. That's what we expect right now, but with the uncertainty that's going on in any operations right now it could shift.
Jim Snee: An add-on. I mean, just remember, the plant pauses started at the end of Q2, really, the majority that we've seen are in Q3. Jim referenced, the lower volumes, lower tonnages, don't forget that we've paid significant team member bonuses as well. So, the good news is right now all of our plants are up and running.
Adam Samuelson: All that makes sense. Thank you. And then, my second question is in the grocery business where you've had this big surge in sales for legacy candy business, for peanut butter, how are you thinking about kind of how much inventory is in consumer pantries at this point and kind of anything over as you get into little parts of the year and that gets drawn down? Or do you think that the surge in retail sales is actually being consumed reasonably in real-time? That might not be I think but --?
Jim Sheehan: Yes. I think I talked about a little bit earlier, the early read, probably by a lot of companies was that it was a stock up or pantry loading, but what we have seen is, again, not only the new households, but this strong repeat rates, the velocities are good. And then, even the new buyers there's a good new buyer repeat. And so, are there some brands or some categories perhaps, but I think our big brands, when you think about SKIPPY, you think about SPAM, when you think about Hormel chili, those items seem to be really clearing not only the retailer, but obviously the household as well. And so, what does that mean for later in the year? I don't know that it's as much about the brands and how much they have in the pantry as much as what happens with that consumer behavior, as food service perhaps starts to open up a little bit more, and is there a pent-up demand as consumers maybe don't want to -- don't want to be eating at home and they want to migrate to food service operations. That's the uncertainty that we're thinking about and talking about. But as far as the grocery products business and the lift in sales and the repeats, we've been really, really pleased.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Just starting with a follow up to Ken's question, I understand your thinking on just capital strategy and the debt. But can you give us a sense of how actively you might be pursuing things like M&A?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean from our activity level and how active we are. I mean, nothing has changed. I think the big change is what's happening in the marketplace is just a lot of organizations have really had to hit the pause button. So I think we continue to look at a number of different processes evaluate opportunities. But clearly the market itself is not as active as it was. So, when it's really hard to read when that will pick up. But I mean, we're continuing a very active process that we always have.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And just on the export outlook, can you give us a sense of what your expectations are there and with any political risks, do you think there is a pork going to China, especially if there were to be any instances of shortages here in the U.S.?
Jim Snee: Well, the USDA is expecting exports to be greater than 10% is what their outlook is. As we've had an interruption in operations, I think it's added some concern about whether we'll be able to meet that that level or not. But I think there's still a demand for pork from the United States to be exported ops. Political activity, I guess I'll pass on.
Jim Sheehan: Yes. That's really hard to tell. I mean, obviously, we've seen a lot in the technology space, but people need to eat. So that's really kind of hard. That's kind of hard to predict.
Operator: We will take our next question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: I've tried to do a better job of forecasting your grocery division and looking at our retail tracking data, you indicated sales up 48% just for that division alone. And Jim say, I know you said that retail tracking is doing really well. But is there any reason you don't want to give us exactly what the IRI data is telling you it is? It would be very helpful to us as we try to correlate your shipments to your to the retail tracking so that we don't overestimate it. Because you kind of touch around on it, but was there any reason you don't want to guess like this, the total number for that grocery division to grow, it's the easiest thing for us to forecast, may be sounds like?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, Rob, I guess, we're not. We don't have anything that we don't want to tell you about any of our businesses. I mean, I guess our position is -- all of our grocery products, data, meat products, data, or retail data in general is really strong. So maybe we can help you do a better job of predicting, it might be worthwhile in your follow up call with me -- send to me, we get into a little more detail just so. So we understand, and make sure we're talking the same way. But, like I said, from a broader sense, our retail business has been really strong across the board.
Robert Moskow: Well, maybe I'll follow up this way. You said that your retail shipments are up 20%, is that consistent with your hierarchy data that 20% because our data would indicate something more than that?
Jim Sheehan: We've got obviously some unmeasured channels in there. And I think again, it would be better -- probably better if you guys do a nascent kind of walkthrough, maybe channel by channel just so you get to a better number.
Robert Moskow: Okay. My follow up actually is on the Austin facility. I thought actually that your facility would get some of the excess live hogs from other facilities nearby that are closed entirely? And would actually have pretty strong support margins as a result is that just kind of making too many assumptions or it's not possible to get extra volume from other plants combined?
Jim Sheehan: Well, the facility really had few interruptions during the quarter, we harvest at all of our contracted hogs. So our first obligation are to the producers that we have long-term contracts with and long-term relationships with. So, we have harvested on Saturday we take these decisions about when we operate the plants as to when it's best financially to operate the plants. There were periods of time when for instance the demand in food service was so far down and there was no reason at all that you would extend your processing capacity. So we've managed the plant at a very reasonable thoughtful way that we are not going to shortcut our long-term relationships that we have with our producers to harvest another company's hogs.
Operator: Your next question from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens, Inc.
Pooran Sharma: Good morning everybody. This is actually Pooran on for Ben. Just wanted to follow M&A front. I know you guys have said your strategy kind of remain constant but on the food service and the deli front and these have clearly been strong driving growth for the company. Are you seeing any changes in valuations or greater willingness to sell in the marketplace, given the sharp drop in demand that we've seen?
Jim Snee: Are you talking about M&A opportunities?
Pooran Sharma: Correct? Yes.
Jim Sheehan: I said a little while ago, I mean, I think there's almost been a pause in that activity. And so it's really hard to make a statement around valuations just because we haven't really seen the activity, the e-valuation process that we're going through, is active and consistent, but really wouldn't be in a position to make a comment on valuations as of yet.
Pooran Sharma: Okay. That's fair. I just wanted to get your take on the performance in the international business, which was up quite strong. Could you just dive into that a little bit more and just help us think about that business in the next couple of quarters and maybe just the important moving pieces.
Jim Snee: Yes. So I think as soon as we look out, I mean, we expect the demand for SPAM on a global basis to remain very strong. We also expect export demand for SKIPPY to be strong. We expect China to continue to improve, especially in the food service space. In China, the retail business really remained strong, with SPAM and SKIPPY and our refrigerated products both in store and ecommerce. So as we look forward that probably the biggest difference is that continual build of the China food service business which we expect to continue to improve as a march from their lockdown.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ben Theurer with Barclays.
Ben Theurer: Actually wanted to follow-up a little bit on retail and what we've been talking in the past, you have more medium long term targets, new products innovation and to actually get basically a contribution from sales about 15% from innovative products. So what did you understand within the more recent dynamic within the retail channels? Could you share a little more detail on repeat rate purchases amongst like cards very well established, long lasting brands such as SPAM, SKIPPY, Hormel chili, versus than the more newer brands or the innovated ones and the innovation just to understand how the velocity and the different subcategories is running, that would be great.
Jim Snee: Yes. Ben, I want to start with the really the first part around innovation. And what's been really impressive across our organization even though the fleet moved to working virtually, our innovation hasn't slowed down at all. Our team's done an amazing job being able to work virtually on the innovation process. In fact, I know it's a number that we usually report at the end of the year. But of course, we track it throughout the year. And we met our 15% innovation goal. And so the results that we're seeing are really, really positive and there's just lots of great innovation work being done not only in terms of the R&D process, but being able to get them out in the marketplace, having virtual products showcases virtual cuttings and innovations across the entire pipeline. So whether it's SKIPPY pepperoni, Natural Choice, happy little plants, I mean, you name it, the innovation work continues. In terms of repeat rates, again, SPAM has one of the highest new buyer repeats. And so a brand that's over 80 years old, as they said, it's probably more relevant today than it's ever been. The repeat rates for items like Herdez, Black Label Bacon, I mean, all really, really strong. So, again, kind of piggybacking on my earlier comments, just very pleased with the retail performance new buyers from new buyer repeat, in store et cetera. There's just a lot to feel really good about in there in the retail business.
Ben Theurer: Okay, perfect. And then, my follow up question. I mean, very clear on the 20 million now and the $60 million to $80 million for the remainder of the year. And you said, it's most of it is actually non-recurring, but I could imagine that part of it must be to a certain degree recurring in terms of some of the PPE and some of maybe the social distancing, I don't know you have to bear in mind. So if you could share a little bit more medium term outlook, would you think potential costs 30 could be once things are back to a more normal level, but maybe not perfectly normal?
Jim Snee: Right. I mean, I think the things will that won't be reoccurring over the long-term, right? So we have team member bonuses that aren't built into those numbers. I mean, over the long-term, we don't expect those to be recurring. We're suffering from some lower tonnage and plants. Right now, over the long term, we expect that business -- those businesses to rebound and so we won't have that part. But we aren't going to have, PPE costs. So, whether it's mask, face shield, putting up dividers in the plants to make sure that that there's that distance, that separation. And those things are going to be there on a permanent basis. And so, where we're at right now evaluating which of those costs are temporary and which are more permanent, that will need to be passed along. And so, this is, again, our number one priority has been to keep team members safe at all costs. As Jim said, we weren't negotiating prices. We're negotiating supply. And then, the second was to keep the product on the shelf, which we've done in an amazing way. And then really our third objective as we go forward is really understand what costs are permanent, what costs are temporary? So this is all a work in process.
Jim Sheehan: Jim, the one thing that I would point out is that many of these costs are industry costs, and will be every participant in the market are going to have these types of costs. The other thing is, we have to have time to build efficiency around some of these things. We've been reacting to putting the fires out, let's say, and as we have more time to look at line speed and social distancing, and the costs around those we'll be able to build efficiencies into the model. So what we're trying to do is to analyze these expenses that were just short-term expenses and to some degree to have to be absorbed, And then building a more efficient process with the way that we will have to operate in the future, and we will certainly be able to do that. But right now, we're just reacting to the changes will get better as we go through.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: I was wondering if it's possible to quantify the effective profit mix, both within grocery products and within refrigerated foods. But it strikes me, I say if it's possible, because I know what you're making on a given product is all over the place, when cups are all over the place. But if he could imagine 2019, or more normal sourcing environment, I'm trying to understand and how structurally, the products that declined compared to the products they grew in terms of the structural kind of profit you'd expect to make in a normal sourcing environment, for the purposes of just looking at where the business comes out maybe a little bit -- getting a little bit more detail on that. I think Ken Zaslow asked you a similar question about that structural profitability earlier. Thanks very much.
Jim Snee: Jonathan, there's some things to consider. I mean, obviously, grocery products has a really nice margin structure. The growth that we saw in SPAM, drives a lot on that. The other part that makes it really difficult, as Jim talked about is this volatility that you see within the quarter. And so we're still dealing through that and to get to a normalized number is difficult. The food service piece, again, different parts of food service. We've got some, you know, higher margin, precooked, pre-sliced, pre-marinated, you'll also have elements of that are -- going to be commodity in terms of ribs that are going to barbecue businesses. So, the thing to remember is I mean, well, as Jim said, we'll be fulfill the efficiencies and processes, but we'll also make sure that pricing is adjusted over the long-term. And there's really two components to consider. And we talked about the markets. We've already taken pricing on certain products such as bacon that's moved very in a very volatile way. Some products are more CPG like and we're monitoring those markets. And then, as the conversation we just had around supply chain costs, so we have to understand what your temporary, what your permanent, which are going to have to be passed along over the long-term. So, it is a difficult question and there's a lot of moving parts. That will continue to be working on over the months ahead.
Jim Sheehan: So I think one way to look at it is as we move especially around food service into a more user convenient products, that's going to add value both to Hormel and to our operators. And that clearly seems to be a shift that's going to happen in the food service industry where there'll be less desire to touch those products. And when you think about our Bacon 1 and some of the other products we offer, those have nice margins on our side, and offer the opportunity for the operator to expand their margins to so we think that's a win-win opportunity.
Operator: At this time, for any closing or additional remarks?
Jim Snee: Well, thank you. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, I want to thank you for listening in today and being patient with our technical difficulties. Now this is an uncommon company with an incredible 129-year history. We have weathered many storms during those 129 years and we will weather this storm because we were made for this. I wish all of you an enjoyable Memorial Day weekend and please stay safe and healthy.
Operator: This concludes today's call thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods First Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Thursday, February 20, 2020. I would like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Annis.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2020. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide an overview of the Sadler's Smokehouse acquisition, a review of each segment's performance for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2020. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and further assumptions relating to our outlook. The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 a.m. today, Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is (888) 204-4368, and the access code is 4720526. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the safe harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 7 to 9 and 28 in the company's Form 10-K for the year ended October 27, 2019, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance by excluding the volume and sales impact of the CytoSport divestiture. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Please note that during our call, we will refer to these non-GAAP results as organic volume and organic sales. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. At our Investor Day last October, we outlined our 2020 path forward, which included growing our deli and foodservice brands as a top priority. This morning's announcement of an agreement to acquire Sadler's Smokehouse is another step forward on this initiative. Sadler's Smokehouse, based in Henderson, Texas, has been making authentic pit-smoked barbecue products since 1948. Hormel has been fortunate to have the Sadler organization as a key supplier for over two decades. When the Sadler family decided it was time to sell the business, a new Hormel Foods was the company to call. Over the past few months, we have been working on finalizing this deal. And I am personally excited to welcome their brand, products and team members to the Hormel Foods family. Authentic barbecue remains on trend in the U.S. The number of many mentions has increased at a strong pace over the past 10 years. And today, barbecue extends well beyond the traditional barbecue restaurant format. With Sadler's as the key supplier, we have been able to capture this favorable trend through our Austin Blues barbecue brand. Austin Blues is a line of genuine slow-smoked beef, pork and chicken products for the foodservice and deli channels. As one of our premium Preprinter protein brands, Austin Blues has seen great success in growth. We are doing the difficult work of preparing the product so the operator doesn't have to. However, they still get the flexibility to customize the product with their own signature sauce. We see similarities between this acquisition and the acquisitions of the Burke Corporation in 2008 and Fontanini Italian Meats and Sausages in 2017. Both Burke and Fontanini have been very successful contributors to our foodservice growth, and each has required capacity expansions to keep up with the growing demand. Sadler's will strengthen our position in foodservice, and we see a tremendous opportunity to further extend their authentic barbecue products into both the retail and deli channels with our dedicated sales forces, innovation capabilities and track record of brand stewardship. We expect to close the acquisition in March, and Jim Sheehan will provide more details relating to the financials in his prepared remarks. Now let's turn to our first quarter results, which were in line with our expectations as we delivered earnings per share of $0.45. volume decreased 1%, while organic volume increased 2%. Sales increased 1% and organic sales increased 4%. Three of our four segments, Refrigerated Foods, Jennie-O Turkey Store and International delivered volume and sales growth. It is encouraging to see Jennie-O Turkey Store delivered a second consecutive quarter of volume, sales and earnings growth. We have made capital and marketing investments into many brands, which are driving these results. These brands include, but are not limited to, SPAM, Hormel BLACK LABEL, Fontanini, Columbus, Hormel BACON 1 and Hormel Fire Braised. Looking at the segments, Refrigerated Foods grew volume 3% and sales 6%. We generated strong demand across many of our value-added businesses, including retail and foodservice. In addition to some of the brands I just listed, Hormel Cure 81 and Hormel GATHERINGS also showed nice growth. A notable contributor this quarter was Applegate, which is doing really well in both the retail and foodservice channels with their line of natural and organic products. Their snacking platform is growing with products like the Applegate charcuterie plate made with their natural meats and cheeses. We also feel really good about Applegate's meat and plant-blend products and have seen success in the foodservice channel. We will continue to innovate in this space with new and exciting offerings for consumers. Refrigerated Foods grew earnings 3% led by growth in our foodservice business and higher commodity profits. Refrigerated Foods benefited from lower belly prices during the quarter, but that benefit was offset by significantly higher pork and beef trim prices. While volatility and input costs negatively impacted our retail and deli divisions due to the longer lead times for pricing, our foodservice team reacted swiftly to the changing market conditions. Our balanced pork supply chain is intentionally designed to take volatility out of our total pork costs during extreme market conditions, and that played out this quarter as expected. While hog market prices were lower during the quarter, the balanced mix of hog contracts and our long-term supply contract at Fremont limited some of the upside profit potential that we may have captured five or 10 years ago. With our new structure to reduce volatility, we didn't capture the entire upside but we also expect to minimize the downside when opposite market conditions occur. This supply chain is the right structure for our business. And Jim Sheehan will expand upon my comments. Looking forward, the fundamentals in Refrigerated Foods continue to be very strong. The large categories we compete in, such as pizza toppings and bacon, continue to grow as consumer and operator demand remains favorable. Pizza and bacon are not only ubiquitous in both at-home and away-from-home eating occasions, they are also showing excellent growth. Differentiated brands like Fire Braised, BACON 1, Fontanini, Columbus and BLACK LABEL are all outpacing industry growth, and we continue to make long-term investments into those product lines.  Jennie-O Turkey Store delivered a second consecutive quarter of volume, sales and profit growth. Higher volumes and pricing for the commodity and whole bird businesses drove the improved results. Operational improvements across their supply chain also contributed to growth. It is encouraging to see the efforts to realign our cost structure start to pay off, as we described at our recent Investor Day, and we do expect this trend to continue throughout the year. The sales and marketing teams have done a good job regaining Jennie-O lean ground turkey distribution. In conjunction with these efforts, we have broadened our advertising campaign for Jennie-O and continue to see positive results from those investments. We are taking the necessary steps to fully restore our position in the lean ground turkey category. And with two consecutive quarters of growth at Jennie-o Turkey Store, we now have strong momentum across the business. Grocery products volume declined 14% and sales declined 11%, primarily due to the divestiture of CytoSport. Organic volume decreased 4%, and organic sales decreased 1%. We continue to see growth in the SPAM family of products, Wholly Guacamole and their best salsas and sauces and also expect this trend to continue. We saw lower organic volume during the quarter and attribute some of the decline to the timing of the SNAP disbursement last year. While hard to quantify the exact impact, higher shipments during late January in 2019 did not repeat with the same magnitude this year. Earnings for grocery products declined 28% due to the divestiture of CytoSport, higher raw material costs, a decline in contract manufacturing profits and lower volumes. SKIPPY Peanut Butter continue to experience headwinds this quarter as the category was negatively impacted by a competitor's deflationary pricing actions last year. We will lap the pricing declines after the second quarter, and we remain focused on building the Skippy brand through effective promotional strategies, advertising and continued innovation. Another dynamic in grocery products is our strategy shift on Hormel Chili. Historically, Chili was heavily promoted during the football season. Using revenue growth management, we learned that many of promotions during this time frame drove volume but did not provide acceptable returns for us or our retail partners. This year, we made the strategic shift to reallocate some promotional expenses to advertising investments. This shift impacted results in the but we believe it will ultimately lead to a stronger and more profitable Hormel Chili brand for us and our retail partners. International volume and sales increased for the quarter, primarily due to fresh pork exports and strong growth in China. However, segment profit declined by 20% as significantly higher pork prices negatively impacted our businesses in China and Brazil, in addition to our affiliated businesses in South Korea and the Philippines. Our global team continues to take the necessary pricing actions to offset cost increases. Like the rest of the world, we are monitoring the coronavirus outbreak in Asia. First and foremost, we are concerned for the safety of our employees in the region. We are working closely with our management team in China as the situation unfolds. Our team members across all functions of our business in China, from the sales and marketing to plant professionals, observe the extended Lunar New Year holiday and started to return to work as of February 10. However, we still have a majority of our employees who have not returned to work due to self quarantining and transportation restrictions. Similar to other companies in China, all aspects of our in-country supply chain are operating more slowly and at higher cost than normal. From a sales perspective, the demand for our foodservice products, which represent the majority of our sales in China, has dropped off considerably as patrons are not eating out. On the other hand, we have seen a large uptick in retail sales of shelf-stable products like SPAM and Skippy as consumers dine at home. We do expect to be a very difficult second quarter for International, primarily due to the impact of the coronavirus. However, if the outbreak is contained soon, the second half of the year could be more favorable as we refill the sales pipeline and get our plants back to running at full speed. Taking all these factors into account, we are maintaining our full year earnings guidance at $1.69 to $1.83 per share and our sales guidance at $9.5 billion to $10.3 billion. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter and key assumptions for fiscal 2020.
Jim Sheehan: Thanks, Jim. Good morning. Net sales for the quarter were $2.4 billion, up 1%. Organic net sales were up 4%, with three to four segments showing growth. Pretax earnings were $290 million, down 5%. The decline was driven primarily by the sale of CytoSport. The effective tax rate was 16.3% compared to 21.3% last year. The rate was impacted by the large volume of stock option exercises in the quarter. This is a timing issue and does not impact our expected full year tax rate, which remains between 20.5% and 22.5%. Earnings per share for the quarter was $0.45, I said about last year and in line with our expectations. For the quarter, SG&A, excluding advertising, was 6.7% of sales compared to 7.1%, excluding the $0.02 legal settlement benefit in 2019. Net unallocated expense for the quarter decreased by $9.7 million. Last year, we incurred expenses associated with the Fremont sale. We expect net unallocated expense to be between $40 million and $60 million for the year. Advertising investments for the quarter were $35 million, up from $34 excluding CytoSport. Operating margins were 11.8% compared to 13% last year. Lower gross margins for Grocery Products was the primary driver. We generated cash from operations of $1 88 million during the quarter, a 1% increase. We paid our 366th consecutive quarterly dividend effective February 18 at an annual rate of $0.93 per share, an 11% increase over 2019. Capital expenditures were $58 million. We expect capital expenditures for the year to be approximately $360 million. Large capital projects include the Burke facility expansion, which will be completed in the summer; a new Columbus dry sausage facility; and Project Orion. Working capital increased as we continue to build inventory in anticipation of the upcoming relocation of the value-added production lines from Fremont to other Hormel facilities and higher input costs due to African swine fever. The company did not repurchase stock in the first quarter. As Jim mentioned, we announced the acquisition of Sadler's early this morning. The purchase price is $270 million with a $40 million cash tax benefit. This makes the effective purchase price $230 million. The deal includes the Sadler's brand and the production facility in Henderson, Texas. The acquisition will be funded with cash on hand and will report into the Refrigerated Foods segment. The transaction is an asset deal, which results in the $40 million cash tax benefit from the asset valuation step up.  Hormel is one of the largest customers of Sadler's as they produce numerous items for our Austin Blues product line. Annual sales, excluding Hormel, are approximately $140 million. Sadler's operating margins are in line with the total company average. We estimate this deal will be neutral to slightly dilutive in 2020 as we plan to make immediate investments into the business and production facility. In total, raw material costs were up from last year with volatility across many commodities, which can shift profitability between quarters. As a reminder, approximately half of our pork raw materials are sourced through the purchase of hogs and half are sourced externally based on primal values. Our cost of products increased over last year, driven by two factors: hogs purchased on the cutout formula were above last year and significantly exceeded the spot market. We also experienced higher cost for hogs purchased on future contracts. Hogs purchased on market-based formulas were down from last year but not enough to offset the cutout formula and future contracted hogs. USDA composite value costs increased 4% over last year. This is the valuation method for raw materials contracted through our former Fremont facility. Our strategic shift to purchase pork raw materials at market prices through a long-term partnership with Fremont was a key driver to the reduction in volatility. However, due to strength in the trim and ham markets, total pork costs through this partnership were higher than last year. Beef and trim markets were up from last year. Bellies were down in the quarter. We have previously discussed pricing action in Refrigerated Foods, retail and deli lagged the market by 30 to 45 days. The outlook for the remainder of 2020 assumes higher protein prices for key inputs with periods of volatility. As we look at the fundamentals in the hog industry, the most recent USDA supply and demand report estimates a 4.5% increase in production and a more than 15% increase in exports. The forecasted additional supply of pork is in line with the increase in export demand. Pork in cold storage was at record levels at the end of the year. African swine fever continues to impact global hog supply in China, Southeast Asia and Europe. Worldwide demand for U.S. pork remains high with the industry setting an all-time record for exports in December. Recently, we have seen downward pressure on domestic hog and pork prices. Since the start of our second quarter, market hogs in the USDA composite value have declined by more than 10%. Bellies and pork trim have been lower price as much as 30%. The outbreak of the coronavirus in China may be a contributing factor. Turkey market conditions continue to improve as industry measures showed pulp placements down 3% in 2019. Overall, turkey inventory in cold storage is down 23%, and compared to last year with breast meat inventory down 19%. Feed costs for the first quarter were flat to last year. We anticipate higher feed costs for the remainder of the year driven by lower levels of protein and the corn crop relative to prior years. This is requiring us to reformulate our feed with higher cost ingredients. We began the implementation of Project Orion in January with the global rollout of the Oracle Human Capital Management System, which updates our payroll, benefits, talent management and workforce management. Additional integrations for finance and the supply chain are taking place throughout 2020. Incremental costs associated with the phased implementation are fully reflected in the guidance for the year. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And now we'll take our first question from Benjamin Theurer from Barclays. Thank you. Your line is open.
Benjamin Theurer: Hey, good morning, guys. Okay, perfect. Thank you. Good morning Jim and Jim. So one question on the acquisition you've announced. Because clearly, you've laid out how this is going to fit in and what the financials are. Now you've also said you're going to immediately invest in the operation. Is that something we should consider from a CapEx point of view? Is that going to be meaningful with up to the $360 million you've announced prior? And where do you think you have most of the potential, within foodservice or actually taking those products into retail, as you've mentioned in your prepared remarks? And then I have one quick follow-up.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Ben. I mean, there's a couple of areas. I mean, as we go through facilities in the acquisition process, we usually find some opportunities to upgrade facilities. That's the case here. Also perhaps some needed maintenance, that's not unusual. And as we look at our overall budget of the $360 million, we're holding that number the same because we have projects that ebb and flow throughout the year. So we don't really see the need to modify that number at this point. In terms of the opportunity, in the short term, this is definitely going to have a bigger impact in our – in the foodservice space. And I think as we move further down the line, that's when we see the opportunity to really build out a bigger retail presence and expand it into the deli. And of course, it aligns well strategically with all those areas, and over the last several years, we've talked about at various times, different strategies we have in place to expand all of those businesses. It stays on track with our foodservice strategy. From a deli perspective, we've talked a lot about how retailers are looking to expand and improve their prepared food offerings. This will be a great opportunity for us to do that. We already have a presence in the retail space with Lloyd's barbecue, but we think this will be an opportunity for us to really improve the product offerings that we have. So as you go around the different businesses, there's a lot of boxes that it checks in a very positive way.
Benjamin Theurer: Perfect. And then just one follow-up on ASF. I mean, clearly, we've been in a situation where prices, for example, in your international operations, be it in Brazil, China have been significantly impacted already. In the U.S., it's more of a volatility thing. What measures have you taken to kind of produce over that volatility? Is there anything you can do in terms of medium long-term contracts to kind of lock in some sort of pricing and then ultimately take the pricing action you need to do on the shelf to offset maybe that higher input costs on a year-over-year basis. Anything you've been doing on that hedging strategy.
Jim Sheehan: Surely Ben. Thanks for the question. We have taken hedge positions. And in fact, we talked a little bit about the fact with the unusual market conditions that we experienced in this quarter. As hog prices were down, the spot market was down as the primals turkey value was going up. I mean, that's a very unusual market condition. In fact, it's only happened in three quarters over the last 21 quarters, where that market condition has existed. Some of those future contracts did were negative to the P&L in the first quarter. But we are taking future contracts. We feel that our various approach with multiple formula pricing for our acquisition of hogs is a sound approach to the volatility that exists.
Jim Snee: And Ben, I would add, I mean, clearly, there's a level of uncertainty in the marketplace now that you got the impact of the coronavirus in China and the impact that's having on export markets in terms of reports of exports backing up and the idea of what happens to the hog supply here in the short term. SO there's still a lot of uncertainty because of ASF, because of the coronavirus. And as you would expect, we're watching all of the fundamentals very closely. And if we get to the point where we have to take – have to take pricing, as we demonstrated last year, we're willing to do that.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And now we'll take our next question from Mr. Tom Palmer from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. I first wanted to clarify your segment guidance. I think you previously expected organic EBIT, so excluding CytoSport, to be up in all four of your segments. If I interpreted the release correctly, I think you're still looking for Refrigerated and Jennie-O to be up year-over-year. It sounded like International down. And then I wasn't sure on the Grocery side. So I guess, one, is that correct? And then two, what is the grocery outlook for the year?
Jim Snee: Yes. Thomas, your assessment is correct. So Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O, up. Uncertainty, obviously, in the International segment, given what's happening in the marketplace. And then we did call out, in our fourth quarter call, the fact that net of CytoSport, GP would be up. And so we are still holding to those numbers in that comment.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you. And just to follow-up on the grocery side. You did call out the headwinds from rising trim. And it sounds like that's come in a bit, but would you elect to take any pricing? Are we going to see any flow-through here as we look towards the second quarter of pricing on products that are exposed to trim? Or did it roll over fast enough that it was not needed?
Jim Snee: That's exactly right. I mean, the – although the price in the markets ramp up, they didn't hold long enough for us to take any pricing activity. So we didn't take any in the first quarter. We don't have anything on the radar right now for the second quarter. And the point that you made in terms of it impacting the quarter is exactly right. We saw that in our chili business. And of course, as we changed our strategy, he had kind of a double effect of the rising market and then we made an intentional decision to change the strategy and how we went to market. So no pricing and really nothing on the radar.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And now we'll take our next question from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Jim, I just want to get your kind of higher level thoughts on the announcement yesterday that you guys had been reading to racked up to be the free pork and just – should we read into that at all as maybe commodity is going to start making up a greater portion of the business, again, because it just provides more export opportunities? Or just how should we think about that at a high level?
Jim Snee: I mean, at high level, this isn't new news to the industry. You've seen some other big players already make that move. We've had it on our radar for some time. Do we think that it makes sense all of a sudden, a huge export, a bigger export player, it won't be huge? But we do think there will be some opportunities. The other thing to consider that our ability to really make this shift is tied to the sale of the Fremont plant, our relationship with WholeStone who has a vertically integrated supply chain. And so we're given that opportunity.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just switching to Jennie-O. Obviously, the distribution gains are positive and volumes are moving in the right direction. But pricing, at least for the industry, is still challenged. And Jim Sheehan, I think you gave some statistics around cold storage and cold placements, but breast meats in turkey in particularly remain pretty weak. Just any thoughts there? And what's it really going to take to get back to kind of accelerate? 
Jim Snee : Yes. I mean, I think it's really – it's more of a seasonal issue, seasonally lower. I think the market conditions are the fundamentals that we're describing are positive to the business. And so it's nice to have the market fundamentals positive. In addition to the positive work being done in the business, really, the things that we can control as we talk about delivering excellent results across the supply chain, live production, manufacturing, the improvements in lean ground turkey sales and continuing to gain back that distribution. So in my prepared remarks, Peter, I really talked about the momentum that we're seeing in the business. And for us, that's really the key takeaway is that it has trended down, and it's been a difficult business. 
Peter Galbo: Great, thank very much.
Jim Snee : Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And now we take our next question from Heather Jones from Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead, your line in now open.
Heather Jones: Thank you for the questions. Good morning.
Jim Snee : Good morning.
Heather Jones: I wonder if you could talk about China a little bit. So you mentioned that the majority of your sale – of your employees are still not back at work due to quarantines and transportation issues. But I was wondering if you could give us a closer look at like what have you seen over the last week or so, has there been any improvement in that cadence of sales? Or does it seem like the country is still largely as it was a week or so ago.
Jim Snee : Yes. All of our reports, Heather, are that is as it was a week ago and probably even slightly before that. What we were describing is – the largest portion of our sales in China are foodservice sales. And you've seen multiple reports, and we're no different, that the foodservice industry has essentially come to a halt in China. And so not only are we having the demand side in foodservice. Where there are opportunities, we're seeing some retail shelf-stable items. We talked about SPAM and SKIPPY Peanut Butter, the supply side and getting the plant to produce those products get that up and running, has been an issue as well. So we – you've got it on both sides of the supply and demand equation. Again, as we said, we understand where we are today. The problem is really forecasting when do we see it start to change. And if it changes in the back half of the year and you get a pipeline fill, well, that can change c the business in a hurry. But it's really too early to call. Back to your original question, we haven't seen anything noticeably different here in the last week or two. 
Heather Jones: And as a follow-up to that, so I read some things that were talking about restaurants like selling their inventory and all because they're not open and they're – they need to sell it or lease it. So you talked about the second half, potentially having a pipeline. So I mean, is it correct to think that you would have not only the pipeline still at the retail level, but a pipeline fill at foodservice? I mean, is that a – does that make sense to think of it that way?
Jim Snee : Yes. I think when we're talking about the pipeline sales, I mean, we are thinking more of it from probably a foodservice perspective, since that is the bigger part of our business. If you've got people who are emerging from this quarantine that's locked down, one of the things that they probably will want to do in resuming their normal day-to-day life is going back to eating out. So yes, I think that's a good way to think about it. It's just the uncertainty around timing.
Heather Jones: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: And now we will take our next question from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Ben Bienvenu: Thanks good morning. 
Jim Snee : Good morning Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: Want to ask on the inventory side. For the last several quarters, you guys have leaned in to inventory a little bit and bought in advance of what you needed in light of opportunistic deflation in some of the primals that you typically buy buy. With bellies having been depressed as of late, what kind of opportunity does that give you? And when we look at the elevated, still elevated inventory in this quarter, can you just help us think about where your inventory sits today versus the comments you might have made a quarter ago? And to the extent you can talk across the primals, that would be helpful. 
Jim Snee : Certainly Ben. First of all we have been building inventory because of the transfer of production from Fremont into other facilities. So part of that has been just a safety stock, if you will, to make sure that if there's any slowdown in the start-up of those lines, we have plenty of inventory. But you're right, we have been building inventory in anticipation of higher ASF costs. In some cases, it's mitigated the cost like for trim for SPAM. In other cases, it's actually hurting the decrease of the belly prices. The belly prices that closed at $1.40 at the end of the first quarter are now down to $90. I mean, a $48 drop in those belly prices is not expected at this time frame.  So we'll continue to make decisions and determine case-by-case as to what we're seeing in the marketplace. This volatility that we're seeing is making it harder to tighten the market. About the time that you think that you've – this is the time to build inventory on belly or bacon, for instance, you see this kind of drop in bellies. And it's a difficult task, but we're staying on top of it and trying to use our best knowledge as to what to build and when to build it. 
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, great. And then asking a follow-up on Sadler's. It seems like a nice fit in your portfolio. How representative would this deal be of the types of additional deals that you would like to do, given the additional balance sheet capacity that you have? And then how representative would it be from a purchase price perspective and/or valuation of what the landscape looks like and with the pipeline of deals that you would be looking at?
Nathan Annis : Yes, that’s a tough one, Ben. Because, I mean, we evaluate these deals, the pipeline on a deal-by-deal basis. We've talked about our ability to do a bigger deal, and that remains. And are we willing to do a bigger deal? Absolutely. But it's got to be the right deal. And we've got to have it come to market, and you've got to be able to get it to the finish line. line. We like deals like the Sadler's deal, just like we like the Burke, like we like to Fontanini deal. The beauty of those deals is it really is a one-on-one negotiation. The relationships that we've built over time, they've been a supplier for over 20 years. So you really know the people, you know the business, they know us. So is it representative of the deals we like to do? Absolutely. And we can put it into a very strategic part of our business in foodservice. And so we're we like to do a bigger deal? Sure. Could we do a bigger deal? Absolutely. But if we have deals like Sadler's, Fontanini and Burke that come along on a regular basis, we'll take them all day, every day. 
Jim Snee : The item that I would add on this, Ben, is that it's not only the quality of the deal. But when you look at the purchase price, net of the tax benefit, you're talking about a deal that was done at an EBITDA multiple of about nine. And once we get through purchase accounting, we see this as a $0.02 to $0.04 per share accretive to the business. So it's not only a great strategic fit, but we were able to get this at a reasonable price.
Ben Bienvenu: All right, great. Thanks for the comments. And good for the rest of the year. 
Jim Snee : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And now we'll take our next question from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow: Hey good morning everyone. Just an overarching question first is, it seems like the commodity environment, though volatile, is lower than you would have expected. Does that mean that you will get the timing benefit later in the year, and generally, you should be in a tailwind? It just seems like if I go back to your original expectations across the board, you're in better shape than you started. Is that not a fair question, it was just a timing issue?
Jim Snee : Well, we've talked about this before. When you're seeing this kind of volatility, it's going to move profitability between quarters. Even since the end of the first quarter quarter, you've seen the carcass value dropped $12 while hogs have only dropped $3. So we're getting into a more favorable market condition than we certainly had in the first quarter. Again, this was a very unusual market condition, especially with the structure in which we buy the majority of our raw materials, also basically the carcass value. We We didn't see the benefit of the lower spot market because we do not buy a majority of our raw materials that way. But still, we are profitable in the pork operating area. I think our structure is sound, we have built the inventories. We're trying to take advantage of our market. So we believe that we're in good shape going into the rest of the year. 
Ken Zaslow: I just would have thought you would have been a little bit more positive given the environment. But my second question is on grocery. Can you talk about – the profit came in lower than we would have expected? Can you talk about – are there trends within it? Is it the peanut butter side? What is really preventing this to regain its margin structure?
Jim Snee : So Ken I’ll just kind of tap on to the first question you asked today. And I think Jim gave a great answer to how we're thinking about it, your comment around you would have been more optimistic. I think the kicker in all of this is just that volatility that we saw in Q1 and how does that play out for the balance of the year. So we're in a good position, but we really can't predict that volatility.  Let's prod into Let's prod into the GP question. There's a lot of moving parts, as you can appreciate, and obviously, SPAM's off to a great start. As the trend continues, it will be our sixth consecutive record year of sales. We did make this shift in Chili, where we've moved some of the promotional activity into advertising to really support the brand, talk to consumers and we believe it's going to be a longer-term benefit for us and the retailers. So that's a work in process. MegaMex continues to perform well. You mentioned SKIPPY. And yes, SKIPPY is having a dramatic impact on the profitability of grocery products, and it's all tied back to the deflationary price action that was taken. And so that is still a work in process. I mean, our team is focused on customer by customer revenue growth management, making sure that we're effectively spending those trade dollars and having advertising to support the brand, continuous innovation. And then as we saw in the first quarter, we've got input costs. That volatility that can create noise late in the year.  But with all those moving pieces in GP. I mean the fact is we have work to do, right? We've got work to do to make sure that we keep SKIPPY on track. We have work to do to make sure that we execute this shift in the chili strategy. When we do that, mean, we'll achieve the results that I talked about in the fourth quarter, which was an increase year-over-year net of CytoSport. So I mean, like I said, there's a lot of moving parts. But we know we have work to do do, but the business still has a lot of favorable parts to think about. 
Ken Zaslow: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you guys.
Operator: Now we take our next question from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi there.
Jim Snee : Hi Rob.
Robert Moskow: I guess I’m little confused as to how your – how did the next few quarters shape up significantly well enough to offset what, I think, was an operating profit miss in the first quarter. I don't see how Chili makes up for the – there's not going to be another Superbowl for the rest of the year. It sounds like SKIPPY – it sounds like you're saying that even though you're laughing last year's price increase, peanut butter will still be down in terms of profitability for the rest of the year. In Refrigerated, are you saying that just the commodity environment is just much more favorable now. You have better visibility in it. First quarter was just – it looked good for a while and then it didn't shape up the way you thought it would, but now it does. So is Refrigerated really carrying the day for the next few quarters?
Jim Snee: Hi Robert, I think, going back to your opening comment, I mean, in total, our pretax earnings met our expectations for the first quarter. GP clearly did not meet our expectations. Refrigerated did, job succeeded. International was slightly below what we thought. But as we think about the rest of the year, we do think –I get what you're saying about the Super Bowl, but the idea of making sure that, that business is not entirely focused at one part of the year, we know that consumers are using Chili throughout the year. We need to make sure that we're reminding them we're increasing that velocity and that frequency. So we do believe that that's an opportunity, and that's why we shifted the strategy. But Refrigerated Foods is going to be a critical piece for the balance of the year. Jennie-O Turkey Store remains a critical piece for the balance of the year. And we have nice momentum there. We got to do what we said we would do in GP for the balance of the year to get the results that I've talked about. And then really the wildcard, the uncertainty is International. And what happens, when does it happens, a lot of timing issues. So I mean as we think about the rest of the year, we actually – we feel good about the business, the fundamentals in Refrigerated, the momentum in Jennie-O Turkey Store. Jim, I don't know if there's anything you would add. 
Jim Sheehan: No, I mean you are right Rob that the market conditions have turned drastically in Refrigerated Foods. As you've seen, the cutout dropped $12, the spot market on hogs has only dropped $3. The market conditions that are unfavorable to the pure packer are favorable to us. And I think that's important. The important issue as we go into the future quarters. Really this is the market that we're structured for.
Robert Moskow: Okay. All right. Got it now. And in fresh pork, did you say that it was profitable in the quarter? Was that the commentary?
Jim Sheehan: Yes.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Can you give us a rough estimate how much or just profitable is fine? 
Jim Sheehan: It was profitable and even in the market conditions that we are faced with, it was a very nice performance by the the pork operating group.
Robert Moskow: Okay. All right. Well if you need maybe Chili during the summer, I do that. So I'm happy to help. So thank you.
Jim Sheehan: Chili and chilidogs, so get them both, Rob.
Robert Moskow: You got it half right there. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we will go the the next question from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery : Good morning. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Good morning. 
Michael Lavery :  When you look at the International segment, you've had such strong volume and sales growth, but obviously EBIT was down significantly. Can you just give a sense of how much that's a proxy for how a broader ASF outlook may – impact might look? And how would you compare and contrast what you expect in the business more broadly?
Jim Snee: Yes, I think it's in line with what ASF impact would be. We saw a run up in raw material costs and we took corresponding pricing actions, which are always tough to get through as quickly as you'd like. And so we saw that in our business in China. We've been seeing that in the business in Brazil as product has been exported out and markets have moved up there as well. So I mean I think Q1 is probably a good proxy for what we would expect. I mean, the key is going to be that we take pricing and we all know that it takes time to get that pricing. And the pricing that we did take in China on retail and foodservice, as it has flowed through, up until the coronavirus, we didn't see a significant drop off in volumes.
Michael Lavery : So I just want to make sure I understand your answer. So in the quarter you are reporting there's less coronavirus impact or very little. And it's just that the pricing hadn't come in, in the timing that covers the input cost pressure, so it's kind of that front end of the lag. Is not the right way to think about it?
Jim Snee: That's exactly the way to think about it. 
Michael Lavery : Well, I guess, so what's next? I mean, this is obviously a pretty steep decline. How quickly does that rebound? And maybe in the hypothetical ex coronavirus view anyway, what would you expect? And maybe more importantly tying it to your Refrigerated Foods segment, how should we think about the parallels if you see that cost pressure flowing back here more broadly, would a 20% EBIT decline be the right expectation for that first quarter before the pricing really gets in place?
Jim Snee: I don't know that you're – I don't know if you want to think about a direct correlation. I mean, you've had a lot of moving parts in China and there's still a lot of unanswered questions in terms of what's happening with their supply, their herd in China. I wouldn't use it as a direct proxy for the U.S. at all. As we think about what we're seeing domestically with pork production. Our pork production is expected to be up 4.5%, which essentially offsets the exports which are covering down ASF implications, right? They're going to be up 15% for 2020. So I don't know – I won't keep that isolated to China. I wouldn't carry that over to the U.S.
Nathan Annis: No, this is isolated to China. As Jim said we're watching the fundamentals very closely. The increase in supplies and balance with the amount of exports that was expected, now I will point out that that level of export was really, earlier, we don't know what it will look like based on the conditions in China. There's record cold storage levels and so we think the fundamentals are solid domestically for the pork industry and are improving significantly for the turkey industry.
Michael Lavery : And just a follow-up then, if you look at your description about the favorable conditions for Refrigerated Foods now, but the profit growth there is up, but pretty modest. How much acceleration should we expect? Is it going to be more likely to be more similar to this quarter or, what's the catalyst for fairly pushing that further in terms of say the balance of the year?
Jim Snee: Again, here's what's difficult to forecast. Bellies were close to the – bellies at the beginning of the quarter and into the quarter were close to the same price, but they moved $70 during the quarter. It's that volatility that is creating a difficult environment to really forecast what the change is and how solid the change is. We have seen a lot of volatility, we believe, based on ASF. What we haven't seen as a long-term trend. And until you see the trend really develop, it's tough to manage this through the volatility.
Jim Sheehan: And Mike, just at a higher level, as we've talked about a couple of times already. For the full, I mean, you think about Refrigerated Foods and JOTS delivering to offset the international downturn and then keep doing what we need to do. So, I mean Refrigerated Foods and JOTS will be important for us for the balance of the year.
Michael Lavery : Okay. Thank very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead your line is open.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I have two quick ones. So on the Jennie-O business, I just want to get a sense in terms of where we are in terms of regaining some of the distribution you lost last year. And then on the SKIPPY side, I understand obviously, you're still lapping some of the headwinds from last year but wanted to understand if there's any change in the competitive dynamics in the peanut butter shopper.
Jim Snee: Yes. So the distribution gains, to answer your question, continue to be incremental, right? I mean, so the team is doing a really nice job gaining back distribution, retailer by retailer. One of the things that we've talked about a couple of quarters ago that continues to play out is that we are seeing up four percentage points better growth in retailers who are selling and distributing the Jennie-O brand. And so as we're out telling the story to regain the distribution, it's a really good to be told. And our team is doing that and it's an incremental game. We said it's going to take some time, but as you can see in the results, it's really playing out. And then, we haven't seen any additional change to competitive activity since the deflationary pricing actions. As we said, we're lapping that coming at the end of Q2. And so we are hopeful that we can return to a sense of normalcy and growing the business that we do in terms of innovating, brand building and driving the business the way we know-how.
Rupesh Parikh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And now we will take our next question from Eric Larson from Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead your line is open.
Eric Larson: Yes, thanks everyone. I know we're running out of time, so I'll make it pretty quick. Thanks for sneaking me in here. 
Jim Snee: No problem.
Eric Larson: The recovery in JOTS is actually really encouraging. I think it's been the longest down cycle in Turkey that I've seen in a long time. So can you give us a little better flavor, just to dive a little deeper into the recovery, have we seen actual capacity reductions by the industry? Obviously, we're seeing placements and egg sets and stuff going down, but is it for real? And are the competitors more rational than what we've seen maybe in the past year? Just a little more detail and that would be helpful.
Jim Snee: Yes, I think the key thing there, Eric and you talked about is really the fundamentals, right? I mean we're seeing favorable fundamentals, which would be driven by the entire industry. So how they’re doing, what they're doing, when they're doing will all feed into fundamentals. That's what we're watching. And we do see those positive trends. You add to that the excellent results across our supply chain, and live production, and manufacturing, combined with the incremental gains on regaining distribution, that's why we're a bit optimistic when we talked about the momentum that the business has.
Eric Larson: Okay. And then I may have missed this this is my follow-up. You may have already stated this, but when do you actually lap year-over-year the the deflation that you saw in peanut butter pricing?
Jim Snee: That's at the end of Q2..
Eric Larson: End of Q2. So Q3 will be more – will be at least apples-to-apples on that factor?
Jim Snee: Exactly, we should start getting a clearer read on the business.
Eric Larson: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yes thanks Eric.
Operator: Thank you. And now we take our next question from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Thanks. And thanks for squeezing me in. Maybe clarification questions. In Refrigerated, you alluded the higher commodity profits. In the past, you've given some dimension to changes in commodity profits. Any way you can frame that this quarter? And also, you said you took out some hedging losses on odds [ph] is any freight way to frame kind of what that – the impact of that was?
Jim Sheehan : Well the commodity margins or the commodity margins, the pork operating margins were in line with our long-term profile. 
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then in the Refrigerated business and the commentary both in the press release and on the call today. Didn't hear any mention of Columbus or Fontanini. Just characterization of how those businesses have been progressing.?
Jim Sheehan : Sure. Okay. Thanks for bringing those up. And we just have a lot of other things to talk about. Been very pleased with the work being done by our deli group, specifically with the Columbus brand. We got a great holiday season with the Columbus, you probably saw the announcement that we're building a new facility in Omaha, Nebraska to support the growth of that brand. And so things are going really well. Same thing with Fontanini. We put in a new line there last year because we needed to expand the capacity. Our food service team has really taken that business and run with it just the way we designed the strategy. So both those businesses are very healthy and in great shape.
Adam Samuelson: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Jim Sheehan : Thanks Adam.
Operator: Thank you. And now we take our last question from Rebecca Scheuneman from Morningstar.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing in. So real quick on the lower profit margins in the grocery products segment is there any way you can somewhat quantify the different factors that you talk about the divestiture having an impact, lower volumes, lower contract manufacturing, higher raw material costs, et cetera. Is there any way you can kind of help quantify that? And related to that I believe that when you talked about the CytoSport divestiture, you said that the operating margins were slightly lower than the corporate average, which would mean that they're definitely lower than the segment. So I would think it would be margin accretive the divestiture unless you're talking about standard overhead or something in that regard. So just some clarity there would be great. Thanks.
Jim Snee: Yes, the two biggest issues are the impact of the contract manufacturing business, that has been a difficult business. And then the second part would be the run-up in the raw material costs for the segment. So the focus really are the two things. Really, in terms of your second part of your question we can have Mason follow-up here to give you a little more detail. But there's really not anything of any magnitude that are impacting it, left over from the CytoSport divestiture. But we'll have him follow-up with you Rebecca.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay. Sounds great. And just real quick then, so the contract manufacturing is that something that's going to drag throughout the remainder of the year?
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean we've seen that recently trend trend down. Just as a reminder, it's not a business that is I'll say strategic for us, it has been more of a capacity play. And so it does ebb and flow but the key takeaway is that it has trended down in it and it's been a difficult business.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. It's appears that there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Snee, I'd like to turn the call back to you for any additional crossings remarks.
Jim Snee: Great. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We are off to a solid start in Q1 and we know that we must continue to execute our plan for the balance of the year. To our team members online, my sincere thanks for everything, all of you do to keep our company uncommon. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-11-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods’ Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, November 26, 2019. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Annis.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of each segment performance for the quarter and our outlook for 2020. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and further assumptions relating to our outlook. The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan’s remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow up. If you have additional question, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 AM today Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 888-220-8451 and the access code is 1340983. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statement we will be making. Please refer to pages 35 through 41 in our company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 28, 2019 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company’s operating performance by excluding the volume and sales impact of the CytoSport divestiture. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Please note that during our call, we will refer to these non-GAAP results as organic volume and organic sales. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. We had the opportunity to outline our company's growth strategy at our Investor Day in October. Our 2020 path forward, a set of six strategic priorities sets us up for growth in 2020 and well into the future. The six priorities we presented were, one, growing our Deli and foodservice businesses; two, accelerating growth in ethnic cuisines; three, pursuing bold new innovations; four, expanding our global presence; five, protecting our core brands; and six, continuing to transform our company through one supply chain and Project Orion initiatives. These priorities represent another step forward for Hormel Foods as a global branded food company. We made great progress in 2019. Notably, we launched the Hormel Deli Solutions division and Refrigerated Foods; delivered $700 million in sales from our MegaMex joint venture, which also celebrated its 10th anniversary; completed our state-of-the-art whole bird facility at Jennie-O Turkey Store; exited two non-strategic businesses, CytoSport and hog harvest in Fremont, Nebraska; and made tremendous progress on our one supply chain and Project Orion initiatives. From a financial perspective, we grew organic sales by 1%, improved our cost structure and operating margins. Invested over $290 million back into our business with capital projects such as the Burke pizza topping facility and an additional Fontanini production line, raised our dividend for the 54th consecutive year, the 11th consecutive year of double-digit increases. Repurchased $174 million in common stock, the highest annual repurchase in our history. Reduced our long-term debt and grew our cash balance. From a segment perspective, Refrigerated Foods grew earnings in spite of a 50% decline in commodity profits as our value-added businesses delivered strong growth. The Black Label, Bacon 1, Fire Braised, Natural Choice and Applegate brands were all meaningful contributors to value-added growth. Grocery Products had a year of mixed results. We grew organic volume and sales for the year, driven by brands such as Herdez, Wholly and Dinty Moore. I'm also really proud to say, SPAM had its fifth consecutive year of record sales, which is a tremendous accomplishment. However, sales and profits declined for SKIPPY as we face deflationary pricing pressure due to competitive dynamics in the peanut butter category. Our team rally did an excellent job using revenue growth management with a number of customers to identify the right pricing and promotional tactics to drive category growth for our customers. MegaMex continues to generate excellent top-line growth. From a bottom line perspective, earnings declined as they lap a tax benefit and were impacted by higher avocado markets during the year. Jennie-O Turkey Store managed through both industry oversupply and the effects of two lean Ground Turkey recalls. The fourth quarter proved that the Jennie-O brand remains strong and the additional investment we are making in the business is the right long-term decision. This team clearly has momentum going into 2020. The full year results for the International segment were disappointing. As the team encountered numerous challenges, stemming from African swine fever in China, the impact from tariffs and global trade uncertainty. These headwinds greatly masked excellent growth in our China business. Looking at the fourth quarter, we delivered earnings per share of $0.47. This put our full year earnings at the top end of the guidance range we provided at our Investor Day in October. Sales decreased 1% on a 2% decrease in volume. Organic sales increased 2% on a 1% increase in volume. Three of our four segments, Refrigerated Foods, Grocery Products and Jennie-O, delivered organic volume and sales growth. Total company sales growth was led by brands such as Columbus, Fire Braised, Bacon 1, Natural Choice, Gatherings, SPAM, Herdez, Wholly, and Hormel Chili. Refrigerated Foods grew volume 1% and sales 4%. While many products across retail, deli and foodservice contributed to the sales growth, I would be remiss if I didn't call out the growth we are seeing from Bacon 1. The Hormel foodservice team is doing an excellent job growing Bacon 1 account-by-account. We also recently introduced the product into the club channel under the brand Hormel Thick Cut Reserve. The recent expansion at our facility in Wichita, Kansas is providing the necessary runway to continue growing this important business. Strong earnings growth from our value-added businesses was not able to overcome a 46% decline in commodity profits, leading to a Refrigerated Foods segment profit decline of 3%. Grocery Products volume declined 9% and sales declined 10% due to the divestiture of CytoSport. Organic volume increased 2% and organic sales increased 1%. Center-store brands such as SPAM and Herdez drove sales and earnings growth. Lower pricing on Skippy Peanut Butter remained a headwind this quarter. Jennie-O Turkey Store volume increased 5% and sales increased 3%, primarily due to whole bird and commodity sales increases. Segment profit increased 6% due to operational improvements across their supply chain. As expected, we are regaining distribution on our most important item, lean ground Turkey. We recently gained distribution back at a large customer, but still have work to do in order to get back to our pre-recall distribution levels. Advertising and promotional activities in select key markets also helped drive growth during the quarter. It's important to note, this quarter represents the first time since the fourth quarter of 2016 that we grew volume, sales and segment profit at Jennie-O Turkey Store. International volume sales and segment profit declined dramatically during the quarter. We saw weakness in our export sales and in our Brazil business due to higher protein prices. We are taking the necessary pricing actions to offset these cost increases. From a total company perspective, we expect to deliver sales growth in excess of our 2% to 3% organic sales growth goal in fiscal 2020. Two key drivers to sales growth across the company are innovation and e-commerce. First, we continue to see innovation successes across our business and remain confident as we close in on the final year of our 15% by 2020 challenge. The percentage of sales from products innovated in the last five years has grown at just under 15%. Products such as Natural Choice Snacks Stacks and Wraps, Herdez Guacamole Salsa, the Applegate Blend Burger and SKIPPY P.B. & Jelly Minis are all important initiatives help us achieve our 15% goal. Second, our e-commerce capabilities continue to improve, especially for the online grocery pickup segments. Through our efforts in analytics, package optimization and customer expansion; we see another year of strong double-digit growth for e-commerce. We expect to deliver another year of operating income growth in 2020. The biggest risk factor continues to be the impact African swine fever could have on our business. While we have seen volatility in the market, we have not seen a major and sustained increase in pork costs as we and much of the industry expected. A combination of higher domestic pork production, higher levels of cold storage in China and presumably lower Chinese consumer demand are factors keeping prices in check. Jim Sheehan will provide more details related to our market outlook. We are still very confident in our ability to manage through ASF. First, we are very optimistic about the demand for our products whether from an up and coming regional pizza chain using our Hormel pizza toppings, a Deli consumer looking from our premium charcuterie items like Columbus craft meats or a family looking for affordable and versatile protein like our SPAM family of products. Second, we hold leadership positions in many of the categories in which we compete. This affords us the ability to be pricing leaders when market conditions weren’t. We demonstrated our ability to pass higher pricing during PEDV in 2014 and again during the market run-up in 2017. As a global branded food company and a leader in the industry, we believe it is our responsibility to lead in these situations. Finally, we expect input cost volatility to persist into fiscal 2020. As a net buyer of protein, major market swings can shift profits from quarter-to-quarter when our pricing lags the market. Looking at the segments for 2020, we expect three of our four business units to show sales and profit growth, with the exception being Grocery Products as they lap, the CytoSport divestiture for the first half of the year. We do however expect sales and segment profit growth for the rest of the Grocery Products segment, led by center store brands such as SPAM, Dinty Moore and SKIPPY. We also expect growth from MegaMex and remain extremely confident in our ability to continue growing the Herdez and Wholly brand. I am excited by the authentic and innovative products they are bringing to the marketplace such as Herdez, Refrigerated Guacamole, Herdez Taqueria Street Sauces and Wholly Smashed Avocados. We expect 2020 will represent a return to growth for Jennie-O Turkey Store. A clear focus on regaining lost lean ground Turkey distribution, the efforts to realign our cost structure and slowly improving industry fundamentals gives us confidence we will get this business back in growth mode. International is expected to show sales and segment profit growth in 2020. However, we do expect volatility as we manage higher input costs in China and Brazil in addition to short-term noise related to an uncertain global trade picture. Again this year, we expect Refrigerated Foods will grow sales and profits led by many brands across foodservice, retail and deli. I have a high level of confidence in this team's ability to execute in the marketplace and continue to grow branded value-added projects. At Investor Day, we highlighted the great work happening within our supply chain group. And I am pleased to report; we achieved our $75 million cost savings goal this year. We also highlighted our long-standing key results of holding controllable cost increases to less than 1% over the prior year. While large investments can impact a single year, we have specific targeted actions to improve our cost structure over time. Achieving our 1% key result implies savings in 2020 of approximately $75 million similar to 2019. Taking all these factors into account, we are setting our full year earnings guidance at $1.69 to $1.83 per share and our sales guidance at $9.5 billion to $10.3 billion. Our expected fiscal 2020 organic pre-tax earnings growth rate is in line with our near-term goal of 5% to 7% organic pre-tax earnings growth we outlined at our Investor Day. As a reminder, CytoSport earnings in 2019 contributed $0.10 to earnings per share. We also expect a higher effective tax rate in fiscal 2020. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter and key assumptions for fiscal 2020.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Net sales in the fourth quarter were $2.5 billion, down 1%. Organic net sales were up 2% with three to four segments showing growth. Sales for 2019 were $9.5 billion, down 1%. Organic sales were up 1%. Pre-tax earnings were $324 million, up 1% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. For 2019, the company grew pre-tax earnings to $1.2 billion, a 2% increase. The full year effective tax rate was 19.1% compared to 14.3% last year. The 2018 tax rate was impacted by deferred tax remeasurements. The effective tax rate for 2020 is expected to be between 20.5% and 22.5%. Earnings per share for the quarter was $0.47 a share compared to $0.48 last year. Earnings per share for 2019 was $1.80, a 3% decline. The higher effective tax rate contributed to the lower earnings for the quarter and the year. For 2019, SG&A, excluding advertising, was 6.3% of sales compared to 7.2% last year. The decline was due to the impact of the CytoSport sale and lower selling and employee-related expenses. In 2020, we expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to increase. Excluding CytoSport, expenses will increase because of the costs related to Project Orion. Net unallocated expense was down significantly in 2019, resulting from the gain on the sale of CytoSport, lower selling expenses and a legal settlement in the first quarter. Advertising was $131 million, down from $152 million in 2018. The decline was due to the CytoSport sale. In 2020, we plan to increase advertising expense to support our leading brands, including Natural Choice, Black Label, Wholly, Herdez, SPAM, SKIPPY and Jennie-O. For the full year, operating margins were 12.6% compared to 12.4% in 2018. Lower SG&A was a benefit to margins in 2019. In 2020, we anticipate operating margins to be flat, but we may experience periods of volatility due to input costs. We generated cash from operations of $923 million during the year, down 26%. The decline resulted from higher working capital as we strategically built inventory in anticipation of higher input costs due to African swine fever. The primary uses of cash in 2019 were dividends, debt reduction, CapEx and share repurchases. We paid our 365th consecutive quarterly dividend, effective November 15 at an annual rate of $0.84 per share. We also announced an 11% dividend increase for 2020, making the new annual rate $0.93 per share. This marks the 54th consecutive year we have increased the dividend and the 11th consecutive year of double-digit increases. In 2019, we repaid the remaining $375 million in debt associated with the Columbus acquisition. Capital expenditures for 2019 were $294 million, including the expansion of the Burke facility Project Orion and additional capacity for Fontanini products. We targeted capital expenditures of $360 million in 2020, with a focus on value-added capacity projects and automation. Share repurchases for 2019 totaled a record $174 million, almost double any single prior year. 4.3 million shares were repurchased. We will continue to take a disciplined approach to capital allocations utilizing our strong balance sheet to grow through acquisitions and capital investments. We will remain focused on long-term investments to drive exceptional shareholder return. The generally higher input costs for the fourth quarter were in line with expectations. The 2020 guidance range assumes higher protein prices for key inputs. African swine fever continues to impact the global hog supply as the disease spreads in China, Southeast Asia and parts of Europe. The USDA is projecting exports to grow 7% to 8% in 2020. To meet the growing need for exports, total domestic production is expected to increase 2% to 3% according to the USDA. Our prices are expected to increase in excess of 15% in 2020. We anticipate the USDA composite value increases to be consistent with increases in hog prices. Selling prices in 2020 are projected to be marginally higher with periods of volatility. We expect pork and beef trim markets to be higher in 2020. The Turkey industry is beginning to show signs of recovery. Industry data shows turkey placements down 3% since the beginning of 2019. Additionally, cold storage of whole birds continued to decline leading to improved pricing. Pricing for the fourth quarter was up modestly over 2018. We should see the majority of the pricing benefit realized for the 2020 holiday season. Cold storage of breast meat is 5% below last year. Breast meat pricing has traded near $2 over the past 12 months. We expect the market to improve in the second half of 2020. Other Turkey commodity items, such as fire meat should benefit from better pricing in 2020 due to supply shortages on other competing proteins. Freight costs which were up modestly compared to 2018 are projected to be marginally higher next year. Project Orion continues to progress on schedule. In the first quarter of 2020, we will begin the implementation across HR, Finance and supply chain organization. We are excited to begin the transformation of our company to increase efficiency and our analytical capabilities to manage our business. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Yes, good morning, everyone. A Happy Thanksgiving to all.
Jim Snee: Thanks, Eric. Good morning.
Eric Larson: A quick question. We saw -- as Jim outlined, we saw a fairly significant inventory build at the end of the year. So how much cost visibility does that give you folks? Is it -- does it cover the first half or a good portion of 2020? Or how should we look at your ability to control your costs for the near-term with that inventory?
Jim Sheehan: Happy Thanksgiving, Eric. This is Jim Sheehan.
Eric Larson: Thanks, Jim.
Jim Sheehan: We did build inventory at the end of the year and that will give us visibility on some important primals into the first quarter. So I would say well into the first quarter.
Eric Larson: Okay. Thanks. And then just real quickly as a follow-up question on your marketing spend here. It was down sharply for the year was mainly divestiture of CytoSport. But you also bumped up your spending in Jennie-O with your burger campaign, which has been very successful. So if you were to look at your marketing spend for the year on an apples-to-apples basis excluding CytoSport would it have been flat to up, down slightly? I mean, how should we look at that marketing spend number?
Jim Snee: Eric, I would say that for the year it was relatively flat. One of the things that we've done really well over time is we've been able to consolidate some of our advertising dollars against key brands where we used to have dollars spread a little more widely. But when you think about the work that we've done with SPAM, with SKIPPY, with Natural Choice, with Hormel Pepperoni and now really getting back in the game with our Jennie-O Turkey Store advertising efforts in select key markets, our focus has changed a little bit. And so -- but we've been pleased with the results and the dollars would say relatively flat for the full year.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning, guys.
Jim Snee: Hi, Ken.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning.
Ken Zaslow: Just two questions. One is you talked about two projects that you are underway. The plans in the state-of-the-art, the sausage production, as well as pizza toppings, how much capital you put into that? What's the return on that? And my second question would be on the turkey side. It seems like you've gotten more positive on the underlying fundamentals. Is that because of the trade opening? Or can you discuss more on that? And I'll leave it there.
Jim Snee: Okay. I'll start with the second one first, Ken. In terms of the turkey business, we are very positive as we head into 2020. And it's really -- the story is being able to do what we set out to do when we talked to you last quarter. We talked about the need to regain distribution. And we've been able to gain some of that distribution back in the fourth quarter. We have more work to do for the full year, but we do expect to see a sequential improvement as we progress throughout the year. And, of course, not only just gaining back that distribution, but being able to support that business with appropriate advertising dollars that really we had backed off for the last several years as we're facing some of those headwinds. In regards to the two expansion projects that we talked about we're going to -- between the two of them will be roughly $300 million combined. As a reminder, we have already spent some of the money in the Burke project when we announced that and we are quite a ways along. Again, the key message to remember here with both of these projects is that they're supporting our value-added growth. The new plant in Nebraska is designed to support our Columbus business, which has performed incredibly well, and the same thing with our Burke business. Not only does it support the Burke organization, but it supports the pizza topping business in our core foodservice organization. So we're excited to not only announce those projects, but have them come online to really support the business.
Ken Zaslow: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Thomas Palmer with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Jim Snee: Good morning.
Thomas Palmer: First, I just wanted to clarify guidance. Your EPS guidance range is $0.14. Your pre-tax income range, I think, it can explain about $0.04 of the variance. Your tax rate guidance can explain around $0.05. So I'm getting kind of a $0.05 gap, could you maybe help reconcile that $0.05 gap? And then, also, just give us some clarity on what exactly the base number is for 2019 that we should be applying that growth from? 
Jim Snee: Yes. Thomas I think the best way to think about it, in 2019, our results included about $0.10 EPS for CytoSport, which is in our Grocery Products segment profit. And then when you consider that along with a higher tax rate of about $0.03, I mean, that's really where you'll find how our growth is in line with that 5% to 7% organic growth target. So thinking about 2019 actual 1.80, Cyto at 10, tax at 3, gets you to 1.67 number, really as probably a base. And I would say, if there's additional information you need, feel free to follow-up with Nathan.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thanks for that. I'll probably will follow-up a little bit. And then, just on the international segment, it sounded like there were two main issues. It was the export side and then rising input costs. On the export front, did you shift some of your pork sales, because exports were weak into the Refrigerated segment? And then on the input cost front, you made reference to price increases that you were instituting, sounds like now-ish. What are you assuming in terms of kind of the bounce back in that segment? Are you assuming that exports continue to lag, but you get the pricing flow through? And then is there an offset, as we think about Refrigerated, just given the reallocation. Just trying to understand how that plays out?
Jim Snee: Sure. Let me try to help you. When we talk about our export business in international, there's really two components. We've got a strong branded export business. And you would think more around SPAM and SKIPPY, and then our pork export business. So there are two parts. And as we think about 2020, our branded export business is expected to be strong. And although, we talked about it being a little bit soft in the fourth quarter, that really was more of a timing issue. When you think about the fresh pork piece that's really driven about - driven by everything that's happened in the marketplace. As you think about some of the global reorganization of how pork has slowed, especially throughout the Asia region. And that's going to continue to be a headwind until all of the tariffs and global trade uncertainty gets resolved. So that's the first piece, the export piece. The second piece in terms of cost increases in Brazil, we saw kind of a constant run up throughout the year. The biggest impact really in the fourth quarter. And so we did get a little more aggressive with our pricing in the fourth quarter and then we expect some of those cost increases to moderate next year. But that's really what's driving those comments around exports and input costs in Brazil.
Jim Sheehan: Thomas back to your first question. When you think about that $0.10 in CytoSport, you should think about it $0.04 came out of Grocery Products, $0.03 was a reduction on net unallocated through the gain. And then there was a $0.03 tax gain. So that's how you can think about the $0.10.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Jim Snee: Good morning.
Ben Bienvenu: I wanted to ask about Jennie-O, really impressive sequential improvement in the results there. And in particular, noteworthy, I thought that you mentioned, you'd won back distribution with a large customer. I'm curious to hear what is the factor or factors that are driving that conversion to get distribution back with your larger customers. Do you have to allocate additional trade spend or professional dollars or is it just demonstration of more consistent results and improved execution?
Jim Snee: Yes. So I mean, we are very pleased with what the team was able to get done in the fourth quarter. And it's consistent with the commentary that we've provided that when we did lose distribution, the category tended not to perform for the retailer. And that where we did have distribution the category was performing as expected. And so being able to take that story and remind the retailers of what we're able to do with the leading brand has been very powerful. And then of course, we are supporting it. We've talked about some of the advertising in select key markets. We are supporting it with trade dollars, especially at the outset. But the big win here is the distribution gain as we head off into 2020. Also would remind you that we have more work to do. So we have regained distribution but we have more work to do early in the year and really throughout the year. And then just as a reminder for the JOTS business, we are going to still lap some pre-recall sales in Q1. So when you take the total year, we are very, very optimistic about the JOTS business, starting with what we've been able to get done in the fourth quarter.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, great. And then a follow-up question on guidance. Just thinking about the top end versus the bottom end of the range kind of the swing factors that dictate that whether it's the timing or magnitude of African swine fever, given that you've considered some implication associated with price inflation and cost inflation there, maybe some of the other key factors that we should be considering as we monitor sort of the progress of the results for the year.
Jim Snee: Sure. I mean, you hit on obviously the key risk factor and we talked about that in the comments in regards to ASF is less of an event from an international perspective. If tariffs are lifted and we see a more – well, we would consider a more normalized flow of product. And then the other thing that we just talked about is if we're able to gain back distribution at JOTS faster than anticipated. I mean, those are things that really drive us towards the top side. On the bottom side, if the impact of ASF is sustained and steady increases in costs that continue to compress margins as we're catching up with pricing that could be a headwind. But as we talked about that's on the way up. And once costs moderate, we'll be in a much better position. But that's really how we're thinking about bottom side and top side of the range.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Hi, Michael.
Michael Lavery: I was off for a minute. I just hope somebody didn't just ask this, but when you mentioned the protein increases that you expect -- that you factor into guidance, how does that compare to now? And what magnitude do you have already is your expectation in a base case scenario?
Jim Snee: Certainly. So let's start with hogs. Hogs went up about 11% in the fourth quarter of 2019 and we anticipate that they'll go up 15% over 2020. With higher prices in the back half compared to the first half. The cutout value was up 4% in the fourth quarter. We think it will go up probably just under that 15% and with a similar run rate with higher prices in the second half compared to the first half, bellies were up 15% in the first quarter and we think that they're going to go up low single digits. And we see belly is fairly consistent across the time frame. Now bellies are up 132 now, so they're a little bit lower right now but we've seen a lot of volatility in the belly markets. So we've seen some significant moves even day-to-day in the belly market. And then 72% trim, which of course is an important input, was up 9% in the fourth quarter. We think they'll be up high single digits in 2020 with higher prices probably in the back half. They're at $76 as we look at it today, so they've already seen a little bit of a run-up from where they were in the fourth quarter. So you're seeing that volatility in the trim and the bellies and as we always say, volatility will create some noise for us between quarters. In the end it will -- we'll be able to recover those costs but volatility will be important to us. We'll watch that.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just a follow-up on some of the language in that first guidance paragraph, you mentioned some of the brands that are key drivers of growth. But then you mentioned a few that you're going to put a lot of energy behind. It reads initially like maybe that's not as bullish but your prepared remarks for Bacon 1 certainly sound quite optimistic. How do we think about Bacon 1 and the outlook there? Do you still expect this to grow? And then also the same question for Fire Braised, which wasn't on either list.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Michael, I mean, we are very bullish. I mean, all the brands that we had in the press release, I mean, those are the ones that have grown and really are on trend with today's consumer. And not only are we growing the core business, but we're innovating against those. And when you talk about our foodservice brands, especially Bacon 1 and Fire Braised, the growth opportunities for both of those brands in our foodservice space are still very, very strong. We talked about the Bacon 1 growth and how it happens account by account and that's really a hallmark of how our foodservice business operates. It's the ability to penetrate, saturate and dominate the operator community with these key brands. We also have obviously plenty of capacity for Bacon 1 as we completed the expansion of our Wichita, Kansas facility last year to meet the needs for that business. The other thing that we talked about in the prepared remarks is the fact that we're now moving Bacon 1 into the club channel under our Thick Cut reserve brand, where it's met with a lot of consumer acceptance. So we feel good about both Bacon 1 and Fire Braised, not only in core food service and then we didn't even talk about the opportunities that they represent in the deli business for the prepared foods section. So, very bullish on both of those, along with all the brands that we have listed in our press release.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. 
Heather Jones: Good morning.
Jim Snee: Morning.
Jim Sheehan: Morning.
Heather Jones: Look, I have a quick detailed question on corporate expense. So even taking out the gain on sale and all, it was down considerably from 2018 and 2017. I was just wondering, how we should be thinking about that run rate for 2020?
Jim Sheehan: For 2020, I would target it in the $40 million to $60 million range, Heather. It's a small number, so small changes have a big percentage impact. We had the CytoSport gain in 2019. But we've also lowered our selling expenses. We had lower employee-related expenses. Some of the cost-saving programs that we put in place are showing their impact in SG&A. But I would see it in the $40 million to $60 million range.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you for that. And then my second question is on Jennie-O, a two-part question. So from what I remember, you guys are a net buyer of breast meat. So is this business -- should I be thinking about this in the sense of, if exports for that business pick up at all, that would be -- well, I guess, more simplistically, would you rather the dark meat part of the bird to go higher over, et cetera, or would you rather breast meat go higher?
Jim Sheehan: Yeah. I mean, really, Heather, that changes every year. And, of course, our supply chain people are able to navigate and take advantage of the opportunities. Obviously, there was an announcement in regards to China here recently. We just learned that we have seven of our plants that are approved. We're still working through the details. But at a very high level, we expect that announcement and the opening of the market to be positive for us.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hey, thanks and Happy Thanksgiving. Jim and Jim, your forecast for a 15% increase in the cutout value that's for the full year. But then you said that the second half expected to be I guess the inflation to be higher than the first half. So I mean, does that kind of indicate like a pretty sharp run-up in the second half? And are you thinking first half is like single-digit and then it spikes quite a bit higher because of -- I don't know frozen inventories running out in China. And if that's how you think about it, how have you prepared your customers for that type of an increase? And then I have a follow-up.
Jim Snee: That is not how we think about it. We're thinking about it just being a few percentage difference between the first and the second half. So we don't see a significant run-up in the market.
Jim Sheehan: From a pricing perspective Rob, I mean, if there is a -- if there is a dramatic run-up in pricing, what we've talked about it in regards to what's happened or what happened with PEDV. And really there you had the run-up -- belly prices for example went up, I think it was at $1.30 to $1 -- $1.30 to $2.50 in three months. And we were able to take pricing, the market warranted it and customers understood that. And if you go back to what happened on shelf, bacon that was usually $3.99 to $4.99 went to $9.99. And so there's a precedent here. And I think depending on how the markets weren't that pricing the customer -- we've had the conversations with the customers. Really we've been talking about ASF for over a year now and it's not going to be a surprise to anyone.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Can you give us a little more detail into fourth quarter itself. One of your competitors said that there was a lot of inflation in bellies and then it kind of all reversed very quickly and that movement made it hard to change pricing quickly enough to react. Did you see something similar for yourselves? Or were you able to adjust accordingly? Or maybe the timing was different?
Jim Snee: Bellies averaged about 157 in the fourth quarter and right now bellies are at 132. So you've seen some movement but you've seen volatility in bellies for the last two years. So I wouldn't say that amount of volatility we've seen in bellies in the fourth quarter and early into our first quarter is anything unusual.
Jim Sheehan: Yes. And from a pricing perspective, nothing really to speak of on the retail front. Some adjustments on foodservice but we always talk about how we're able to stay a little bit closer to the markets with our foodservice business but nothing that was overly impactful.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. So I wanted to follow-up on the happy little plants launch that you guys discussed at the Analyst Day. I was curious what type of retailer and foodservice interest you're seeing so far? And how you guys are thinking about the contribution from this launch this year?
Jim Snee: Yes, the contribution Rupesh is going to be minimal in 2020. Really for us, it's the learning about that space. Another is the reception at the retailer and consumer level has been positive. We're probably seeing a little more acceptance in the foodservice space. And so the foodservice team has done a nice job with that same retail pack introducing it into foodservice operators. In addition, just some of the blend burger items that we talked about at Investor Day. So it's really the combination of I'll say the pure play and then also the blended play that we're very intrigued by our agile team is already working on 2.0 to build out that line, thinking about different forms that we should be taking to the marketplace. So -- and based on the early read, it's positive, we're still heading down that path to build out the line, but I wouldn't look for any meaningful contribution in 2020.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay, great. And then a quick follow-up question. So for the full year guidance, does that at all contemplate share buybacks than the EPS targets?
Jim Sheehan: It does take into account some share repurchase. And we face share repurchase on our intrinsic value of the stock and the amount of stock options that are being exercised offset for dilution. So we do have a number in there. So yes.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. So a follow-up, Jim Sheehan on the guidance on port costs. And if I heard you comments correctly before, you talked about a 50% increase in hog prices, a 15% or so increase in the cutout values, but then lower increases in bellies and trim as components of that cutout. So should we take that to imply that you think that there's more inflation likely in other cuts of hams, shoulders and butts that would actually present opportunities on the commodity profit side and the contribution that that would present? I'm just trying to understand the piece of that. Because the cuts that you typically would be long seem to be the ones do you think there's more inflation in?
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, Adam. I think a good example is hams right now. Hams averaged $69 in the fourth quarter and they're up to $94 early in -- or late last week. So you're seeing some inflation in hams that I would say normally you wouldn't see. So I would say there's opportunities in some of the other commodities.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then taking a step back at a high level with the guidance, I think you talked about increases year-on-year in advertising and SG&A, I believe as a percent of sales. Do you have what the clean gross profit would be in -- gross profit margins would have been in 2019 if we strip -- fully strip CytoSport out? I'm just trying to get a sense of what kind of gross profit expansion is embedded in the guidance at least, can you talk about operating margins up. So I'm just trying to make sure I understand that in the context of higher SG&A?
Jim Sheehan: Well, we're talking about advertising costs, we're talking about the increase that we're seeing in advertising costs for instance we're expecting in the high single digits and that's off the base without CytoSport. You're going to see higher SG&A, because we're going to have some Orion implementation cost in SG&A. So I'd say that those would be unusual from a run rate. So we're talking about some unusually high expenses in SG&A because of the implementation of Project Orion that will start actually in the next couple of weeks. We'll start some implementation with that. 
Jim Sheehan: And, Adam, I would say, I mean, some of the more detailed items, certainly you follow-up with Nathan or corporate. And that we -- for us, the message here is really the pre-tax operating profit growth that's in line with that 5% to 7% or organic target that we laid out at Investor Day.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Rebecca Scheuneman with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. We've talked a lot about ASF and the impact you expect that to have on your pork export business, I mean, your JOTS business. But I'm kind of wondering, how you expect that to impact your SPAM business, given the increasing popularity that we're seeing of SPAM in China? And I assume that there's probably some positive demand opportunities, probably some cost risk. But I'd just like to hear the way you're thinking about ASF impact on that brand and kind of what you're expecting for 2020.
Jim Snee: Yes. It's a really, really good question. And when -- at a high level with ASF, we fully understand the scenario that results in higher prices. And I think we've talked a lot about our ability to price in the event that we see a larger scale or bigger impact ASF have had, whether that's domestically or in our business in China. The SPAM brand is a brand that has probably some of our strongest pricing power. To be honest with you, it's in a category by itself, so to speak. And if you remember, we did take SPAM pricing this year based on some of the runoff that we saw, not only in the market, but some of the buildup that we'd have in expenses over the last couple of years. And we do have a scenario modeled where if we have to take pricing again. We're positioned to do that. But we are closely watching the fundamentals of supply and demand. And if we need to take pricing with SPAM, we'll do that. To your point, what's happening in China with SPAM is incredibly positive. It's exceeded all of our expectations and we've been able to really build out that distribution even faster than we expected.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay. And then, as a follow-up, like, so are you -- I know you're experiencing very strong growth in the brand in China. But have you seen an acceleration today? Or maybe that's delayed due to the high cold storage?
Jim Snee: In regard -- are you talking about SPAM?
Rebecca Scheuneman: Yes. Yes.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, the growth has been steady, but it has exceeded the expectations, when we model putting in the SPAM line in our plant in Jiaxing, China. We've been able to exceed the distribution growth expectations that we had, even in spite of some of the higher costs.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Jim Snee: Yes. Hi, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Jim, just wanted to ask on the sales guidance. I would assume that kind of the high end of the range is assuming some pricing goes through to offset some of the inflation that you're expecting. I guess, what would be helpful though is what kind of demand elasticity are you assuming in relation to any price increases on things like bacon or pepperoni?
Jim Snee: Yes, Peter you're right. I mean, we do have the high end of the pricing would be driven by the scenario that results in higher cost coming from ASF. And the elasticity is really vary across business unit and vary across brand. What we saw, and again I'll go back and reference what we saw during the PEDV event, where you saw belly prices go from $1.30 to $2.50, retails go from $3.99, $4.99 to $9.99 and we still saw very strong volumes in that bacon category. And so it does vary from category to category, business to business, but we obviously are very incredibly sensitive to that working closely with the retailers and having the brand strength, the brand power that we referenced in our comments and then also having that direct-selling organization in our foodservice business is the opportunity to get in front of the customers and tell the story of the products as a solution versus just the cost.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just one quick clean up one. On Jennie-O, I mean with Thanksgiving being as late as possible as it could be this year, is there an extra kind of week of shipments that you've got maybe that's spilled over into 1Q that we should be thinking about on the volume side?
Jim Snee: No. I mean we haven't really thought about it that way. Just again, as a reminder, we're still lapping some of the pre-recall sales from Q1 of last year as we head into 2020. Really the key takeaway for JOTS is this distribution wins for lean ground Turkey. We're obviously working on the next few wins and we've got to bring those across the finish line. Still early but we're really seeing the right signs for this business. And that's why we feel like they have so much momentum going into 2020.
Operator: We will now take our last question from Benjamin Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Hey, good morning, Jim and Jim Just a quick follow-up on the CapEx. So kind of realized last quarter you were guiding for like $250 million for full year. As you said there were a couple of delays in some of the things and then actually you ended up spending $294 million. Could you elaborate a little bit on that significant increase of what was spent already in the third quarter? Is it all related to the new plan for Columbus? And then if you could lay down a little bit in between what is the Burke pizza toppings, the facility in Nebraska and Project Orion. Can you just split what the CapEx is going to look like, what each segment is going to get from the $360 million in 2020?
Jim Sheehan: Thanks, Benjamin. You are correct. The increase of what we expected in 2019 had to do with the early stages of the acquisition of the property for the Columbus expansion. Originally we thought that was going to fall into 2020 but we got to close a little bit faster than what we thought. And you are correct in the three big projects that we're looking at in our $360 million is finishing up the Burke project, the Columbus expansion and Project Orion and I'll refer to you to -- I'll refer to you to Nathan to get a little bit more detail on the actual breakout of those numbers.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, perfect. And then on the inventory, you've clarified already the increase on purchases to be prepared for ASF. But can you give us a little bit of an idea of how much actually the decrease was because of the divestiture of CytoSport? So, how would have been inventory a year ago, if we would have to exclude CytoSport just to get a clean like-for-like comparison to understand the actual magnitude of the increase?
Jim Snee: Certainly. CytoSport inventory ran $25 million in that range.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session. I'd now like to turn it back to the speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Jim Snee: So on behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, thank you to all of you for joining us today. To our team members listening in, thank you for all your tireless work that allows our company to be so successful in the marketplace. Your focus on delivering our key results and maintaining our culture of accountability is truly uncommon. Happy Thanksgiving.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-08-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Hormel Foods third quarter 2019 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, August 22, 2019. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Annis.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2019. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 am Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of each segment’s performance for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2019. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and further assumptions relating to our outlook. The line will be opened for questions following Jim Sheehan’s remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 am today Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 888-204-4368 and the access code is 8156000. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 35 to 41 in the company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 28, 2019 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company’s operating performance by excluding the volume and sales impact of the CytoSport divestiture. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Please note that during our call, we will refer to these non-GAAP results as organic volume and organic sales. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee. 
Jim Snee: Thank you Nathan. Good morning everyone. Hormel Foods is an uncommon company, unique in our industry. We have a tenured management team who is able to quickly adjust to dynamic and volatile market conditions, a balanced portfolio of branded products sold through the retail, food service, deli and international channels, a direct sales force that is able to build and maintain relationships to help our customers grow their businesses, a reputation for bringing industry-leading innovations to the marketplace, and an increasingly agile and efficient supply chain.  Our financial position and business fundamentals remain strong. This enables us to deliver growth organically and through strategic acquisitions. Our leadership position as a global branded food company allows us to take a long-term perspective as we navigate near-term uncertainty related to the various market conditions. Our third quarter results demonstrate many of the qualities that make us uncommon. This morning we announced earnings per share of $0.37, a 5% decrease compared to last year but in line with our expectations. The decline in earnings per share was driven by a higher tax rate. Pre-tax profits grew 1% as excellent results from refrigerated foods offset declines from grocery products. Net sales declined 3% due to the divestiture of CytoSport. On an organic basis, sales were flat on a volume decline of 1%. Looking at the segments, refrigerated food sales increased 1% on a volume decline of 1%. Segment profit increased 13% driven by higher value-added profitability. Lower operational costs and higher commodity profits played a smaller role in the profit improvement. Refrigerated foods achieved record third quarter net sales, value-added sales, segment profit, and value-added profit. This was quite an accomplishment by the refrigerated foods team.  Our Hormel food service division had another solid quarter. The team continues to leverage their direct sales organization to grow brands such as Hormel Bacon 1, Hormel Fire Braised, Natural Choice, Fontanini, and Old Smokehouse. I remain impressed with the innovation this team continuously delivers to the food service industry. They are also making excellent progress filling the new capacity for precooked bacon and Fontanini products. We remain very confident in our ability to grow the Applegate brand. Our food service team is making great progress growing Applegate with healthcare providers, colleges and universities. These operators appreciate the point of difference the Applegate brand provides for the needs of their patrons. For example, the Applegate Blend burger is filling a need in the college and university segment as students look for more ways to enjoy natural and organic alternative protein products.  The new Hormel deli solutions division continues to pursue its vision of helping retailers create the deli of the future. While the Columbus brand and our prepared foods portfolio of products are showing solid growth, the lower margin behind-the-glass category continues to decline. Consumer preferences are changing as shoppers are looking for more convenient options such as grab-and-go products like our Hormel Gatherings party trays and our authentic line of Columbus charcuterie. While this shift away from the behind-the-glass category presents a near term challenge to sales volume, I’m confident the ongoing shift benefits the consumer, the retailer, and our company over the long term.  As category leaders, we took price increases across many of our branded value-added products when we started to see sharp increases in input costs. During the third quarter, we were priced high relative to others in many retail categories which created higher elasticity than we would typically expect. When higher input costs did not materialize as forecasted, we realigned our pricing to more closely match the commodity market.  Once again, refrigerated foods has demonstrated an ability to generate growth in volatile market conditions. The long term growth of this segment continues to be driven by value-added products, disciplined pricing, and a clear focus on innovation. While we have seen how rapid changes in input costs can create noise in its quarterly results, the clarity, focus and alignment refrigerated foods demonstrates will continue to deliver sustainable growth. Grocery products volume declined 10% while sales declined 11%. Organic volume in sales increased by 1%. Segment profit declined 30% year-over-year due to the divestiture of CytoSport, higher avocado costs for our Holy Guacamole business, and lower earnings from our Skippy peanut butter spreads business.  Similar to what we experienced in 2017, avocado costs increased by over 100% during the quarter. A smaller California crop and strong global demand are driving the avocado market prices. In response, the MegaMex team is actively managing promotional tactics and will be evaluating pricing as the new crop is harvested during September. As always, we continue to focus on growing the Holy Guacamole brand through effective brand building, advertising and innovation.  Our Skippy spreads business was negatively impacted by the price decline we took last quarter in response to a competitor’s deflationary pricing. While we are disappointed in the category dynamic, we remain focused on building the Skippy brand through revenue growth management, effective advertising, and continued innovation. A key reason for acquiring the Skippy brand was to deliver out-of-the-jar innovation to the category. The recent launch of Skippy PB&Jelly Minis has been met with great retailer and consumer acceptance. This innovative item sold in the frozen section is versatile, portable, and perfect for today’s busy families. We have now reached national distribution and trial and repeat rates continue to improve. I’m very optimistic about the success of this product line. While Skippy spreads and Holy Guacamole had a difficult quarter, the balance of the grocery products portfolio performed well. Many of our center store brands such as Spam, Dinty Moore, Herdez, Black Label Bacon Bits, and Hormel Compleats all had a great quarter. I fully expect all of these brands will show growth for the full year. Jennie-O turkey store volume decreased 4% while sales decreased 5%. Segment profits declined 9% due to lower value-added sales. As we discussed last quarter, we are reactivating promotional activity to gain back lost retail distribution. While we continue to lap distribution losses, we have had a few small wins. We expect the process of regaining distribution will go well into 2020. Over the last few months, we have made changes to the Jennie-O organization to bring in several experienced leaders from other parts of the company who are charged with restoring growth through new and bold ideas for this business. From an industry perspective, we continue to see lower JOTS placements but cold storage remains at elevated levels. Turkey market prices have not materially changes since last quarter. International volume and sales were flat. Organic volume and sales increased 2% while segment profit was up 1%. Our team in China delivered strong results driven by our food service business in addition to growth from the Skippy and Spam brands. Exports continue to be affected by global trade uncertainty related to African swine fever and tariffs.  Similar to the prior quarter, the uncertainty in the protein industry is related to the outbreak of African swine fever. On our second quarter call, we discussed our view that commodity markets would start to increase on higher demand for pork from China. While we have not seen consistently higher prices, we have seen higher volatility and expect that trend to continue. As we evaluate the global impact of African swine fever, we are still confident that pork markets will eventually increase. At the appropriate time, we will take the necessary price increases to manage our profitability, which may create short term margin compression as pricing generally lags input cost increases.  Taking all factors into account, we are reaffirming our full-year guidance of $1.71 to $1.85 per share. We are also reaffirming our sales guidance of $9.5 billion to $10 billion but expect to be on the lower end of the range given market prices have not increased as we previously expected. I have confidence in our teams’ ability to adjust to the changing market conditions and deliver our full year outlook.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter and our earnings guidance, in addition to key assumptions for the remainder of fiscal 2019.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you Jim. Good morning. Net sales for the third quarter were $2.3 billion. Organic sales growth in three of the four business segments was offset by declines at Jennie-O turkey store. Pre-tax earnings were $261 million, up 1% from last year. Net earnings were $199 million and diluted earnings per share was $0.37, down 5% due to a higher effective tax rate.  The significant increase in the tax rate was driven primarily by lapping the one-time gain from re-measuring the deferred tax liability last year. The tax rate was higher than we anticipated because of the lower volume of options exercised in the quarter. The full year tax rate is now expected to be between 18.3% and 20.3%, up from the previous estimate of 17.5% to 19.5%.  SG&A excluding advertising was 6.5% of sales compared to 7.3% last year. The decline was due to the impact of the CytoSport transaction and lower employee-related expenses.  Net unallocated expense declined $10 million driven by lower interest expense and universal stock option expenses in the prior year. Advertising for the quarter was $32 million, down from $40 million last year. Advertising investments are expected to be lower primarily due to the sale of CytoSport.  Operating margins were 11.2% compared to 10.9% last year. Strong results in refrigerated foods and favorable SG&A led to the improved performance.  Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $573 million, down 23%. The primary driver was increased levels of working capital as we build inventory in anticipation of higher raw material costs. This thoughtful approach to building inventory should mitigate some of the input cost volatility as markets rise. For the quarter, capital expenditures were $67 million compared to $103 million last year. We expect to spend approximately $250 million in 2019. Weather delays and changes in project scope impacted the projected capital spend.  We paid the 364th consecutive quarterly dividend effective August 15 at an annual rate of $0.84 per share, a 12% increase over the prior year. This completes our 91st year of consecutive dividends. Share repurchases in the quarter were $107 million, representing 2.7 million shares. We will continue to repurchase stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises and based on our internal valuation. Our balance sheet remains strong and allows us to fund strategic investments to grow the business.  Fundamentals in the turkey industry are mixed. Bolt placements are down 4% year-to-date. Breast meat and cold storage is above last year and the five-year average. Turkey prices remained above $2 for the quarter, a 10% increase from last year. Whole birds were $0.07 above the prior year but remain below the five-year average. Feed costs for the quarter were similar to last year. Avocado prices are expected to decline through October but remain above last year. We will have better visibility as the Mexican crop is harvested in the next few weeks.  Pork input costs in the third quarter did not dramatically increase as we forecasted last quarter. Cold storage reserves in China, uncertainty caused by global trade dynamics, and robust hog production likely contributed to lower markets. The USDA cutout traded between a wide range of $72 and $89 per hundredweight during the quarter, never reaching our forecasted level. Hog markets exhibited similar behavior, trading between $68 and $85 per hundredweight. Belly prices for the quarter were significantly below the forecast, trading in a $49 range between $127 and $176 per hundredweight. Trim briefly met the forecasted highs before dropping 40%.  The third quarter clearly demonstrated our teams’ ability to manage through extreme volatility in pork commodity markets to deliver results in line with our expectations. The guidance for the fourth quarter assumes higher prices for our key inputs with potential for volatility like we experienced in the past quarter. The overall fundamentals still support a sustained high cost environment in pork markets beginning as soon as the fourth quarter due to African swine fever. Hog supplies in China, Southeast Asia, and now regions in Europe are being affected. The exact timing and magnitude of the impact remains uncertain. We will provide a detailed view of market assumptions and the outlook for fiscal 2020 on the November call. We are making significant progress on Project Orion and our One Supply Chain initiative. For example, we are in the process of opening two new distribution centers in the coming months. On a combined basis, we will save over 3 million miles in our grocery business alone. Project Orion will unlock more opportunities for cost savings similar to this project. The team is focused on implementing major phases related to finance, HR, and supply chain during fiscal 2020.  At this time, I’ll turn the call over to the Operator for the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator instructions] We’ll take our first question from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer. 
Erica Eiler: Good morning. This is actually Erica Eiler on for Rupesh. Thanks a lot for taking our questions. First, as we look at SG&A here, down nearly 15% this quarter, I was just hoping to better understand what the SG&A expense run rate was ex-CytoSport, what’s driving that performance and how you’re thinking about the expense opportunities going forward. 
Jim Sheehan: Good morning. We think that the run rate will be generally lower than it was in the fourth quarter of last year primarily because of the CytoSport sale. 
Erica Eiler: Okay. Then given a lot of moving pieces in your business, from CytoSport to Skippy, Jennie-O, African swine fever, just wondering if there are any early thoughts you can provide on fiscal ’20 at this juncture. Any puts or takes we should be thinking about would be helpful.
Jim Snee: Yes, it is early for 2020 given the uncertainty and the volatility that we’ve seen in the markets, but as we think about all of the different business segments, refrigerated foods continues to be very well positioned and they’ve demonstrated their ability, their long term ability to grow in volatile markets across food service, deli, retail. Grocery products, although we had some noise in the quarter with avocadoes, we remain positive on many, many of the brands, and of course we could have some input pressure there but I think the longer term brand story and the insight-led innovation have us poised for growth. JOTS continues to be a work in progress, as I said in my prepared comments. We’ve had some small wins but we do expect the recovery to spill over well into 2020. We think the business is stabilized and now we do need to get back to growth.  International is obviously a wild card, uncertainty based on African swine fever and tariffs, but we’re optimistic about the business that we have in China. We feel like we can reflect pricing to accommodate any of the input costs that we have, and then also the Spam and Skippy businesses that we’ve developed are very strong.  Then any conversation about our business has to finish with a strong balance sheet, so we are poised for M&A. We’re always ready to make acquisitions when the time is right. But it’s early for 2020 given some of the uncertainty in the marketplace, but we are confident in our ability to grow over the long term.
Erica Eiler: Okay great, that’s helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Ben Bienvenu with Stephens Inc.
Ben Bienvenu: Thank you, good morning. I want to ask a clarifier question about the guidance for this year. Jim, you said that you expect full year sales guidance to be towards the lower end of the range. The earnings guidance for 4Q is quite wide. Would you expect EPS guidance to reflect your commentary on the sales guidance? 
Jim Snee: No, I don’t think that’s a fair assumption, Ben. I think from a top line perspective, it is how we’re pricing, and as we mentioned the prepared comments, as markets did not materialize the way we thought, we did realign pricing in the quarter to make sure that we remained in very competitive positions. I think the sales guidance is one thing and it is different from the earnings guidance.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, great. A follow-up on the pricing. Can you help us think about how you think about using trade promotion spend to reduce the pricing increases that you had put in place versus actual list price reductions, particularly in an environment where input costs are as volatile as they’ve been over the last several months?
Jim Snee: The interesting thing is it is unique and different retailer by retailer, and we’ve talked about that over the last several quarters, about how that’s important to engage our direct selling organization with the customers to understand what the optimal solution is for their customer base. We do move promotional dollars or trade dollars around to make sure that we’ve got them priced properly on a net basis. We work closely, of course, to make sure that the shelf price is reflective of where it needs to be, but again depending on the situation, we’re willing to invest the trade dollars but it is a customer by customer decision.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research LLC.
Heather Jones: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to go back to a comment you made about raw material, I think you were talking about cash flow, use of cash. I was just wondering if you could flesh that out more, which segments are you building raw materials, and any practical limitations. I mean, do you have the capacity to build substantial raw material inventories that could cover portions of 2020 or is it more limited to a quarter? Just wondering if you could help us understand that more.
Jim Sheehan: Certainly. The inventory’s really being built in the refrigerated, GP and international areas. Are there limits? Yes, there’s a supply limit as to how much you can build inventory. We take a look at the trends that we believe are going to take place and we build selectively in certain commodities and certain finished goods.
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you. My next question is on Jennie-O. You mentioned that the recovery is going to spill over into 2020. In your efforts to regain distribution, I would assume you have to be somewhat sharper on price. I was wondering, is the anticipation that that would be only for a year or so, or how long do you think you would have to lock into pricing to regain the distribution? Basically, I’m trying to get a sense of what kind of lag could we see in Jennie-O recovering with broader protein markets over the next year or so.
Jim Snee: I think as we said, Heather, this does remain a distribution issue. Our velocities where we’re in distribution remain very strong. We have had some small wins, as I said in my prepared remarks, so we are gaining some momentum. We’ve turned on advertising in select markets and we’ll have the opportunity to evaluate the effectiveness before expanding.  I also mentioned in my prepared remarks that we have brought in some additional experienced sales and marketing leaders from other parts of the organization to really jumpstart that business, but it’s still going to take time, so as we’re thinking about it, it’s probably going to be mid-2020. You’re right - there are some investments that have to be made to regain distribution, but we’re prepared to make those investments and really, the big thing is that we do feel like this business is stabilized and it is time for us to get this business back to growth. 
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone. Just digging a little bit more into the outlook for the fourth quarter, it is a wide range on the earnings side. Jim, I appreciate the comments that the sales and earnings don’t necessarily align at the lower end of the range, but just help me understand the range of outcomes that get you towards the low and high end of the range. Presumably the bigger variable is pork raw material costs, but just help me think about the range of outcomes you’ve laid out in your outlook.
Jim Snee: Sure. You hit it right on the head, Adam - it is all about the input costs, and that will impact pricing and of course the elasticity that comes along with the pricing moves. If we get some additional false positives like we had in the second quarter, that could be problematic, but the run-up in input costs, as you know, it does create that short term margin compression. But we’ll be aggressive with our pricing as category leaders, that’s what we do, but we know that pricing does lag the input costs. You’ve hit it right on the head - that is going to be the primary driver for that range, and we do believe that the range is warranted given some of the volatility that we’ve seen in the third quarter.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I was hoping to understand a little bit more, digging into 2020 the things that are in your control. Maybe on Project Orion specifically and some of the supply chain initiatives, can you quantify how much those actually benefited the quarter on a net basis, how much they’re benefiting 2019 on a net basis or what your run rate exiting the year looks like, to think about potential savings into 2020 before we then layer on a sales or raw material input cost view?
Jim Snee: Sure. If we go back to my earlier comments starting with the segments, from a 2020 outlook, the food service business continues to be hitting on all cylinders. We feel really good about the belly business, the retail business, whether it’s our Hormel retail business, the Applegate retail business. We’re optimistic about all of them. We know that there could be some of that short term noise, that margin compression as a result of input costs, but refrigerated foods has really been on a nice run and we expect that to continue. Grocery products, the work that the team has done there around brand building with center-of-the-store brands has been really, really impressive. We do think that the avocado crop that’s coming in, we’ll have a better read on that, probably some more favorable input costs that will give us some relief there. That’s outside of our control, but what’s in our control is our ability to make sure that we’re building that brand through promotion and advertising and innovation, and we’ll continue to do that. We do feel good about grocery products. Probably the one that’s outside of our control the most will be international, based on what happens with African swine fever and tariffs and really the global trade uncertainty. Part of it is in our control with our ability to run our business in China, but there are going to be some market impacts. Then the JOTS piece is going to be in our control and our ability to execute the business, or execute distribution gains. We’ve got to get that done, continue to get that done in the fourth quarter and into 2020.  From a supply chain perspective, we’re not going to get into the 2020 outlook for that, but we’re committed to the savings number that we gave this year, the $75 million. We’ve had a lot of success with a lot of projects. We referenced in Jim Sheehan’s comments the fact that we’ve got our new grocery products DC opening that will save us 3 million miles, and there is a corresponding financial benefit. We’re evaluating our refrigerated foods network, and we’ve had a better global view of plant for performance. So there is a lot of benefits that we’ve seen from not only our One Supply Chain but Project Orion, and we expect that to continue over the next several years.
Adam Samuelson: If I could just sneak one quick follow-up, the capex reduction for this year, there was some timing but there’s also allusion to project scope changes. How much of that, I think it was a $100 million reduction, really comes in next year versus the actual cost of the programs or the projects goes down?
Jim Snee: The majority of that is timing. We had a really wet spring here in the midwest and we’ve got a very big project going on at Burke, so that’s shifted some of those expenses back. But the one thing I want everyone to know is that there is not a lack of commitment. Our commitment to capex spending and investing in our value-added business is as strong as it’s ever been.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, I appreciate the color. Thanks. 
Operator: As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, to join the queue it’s star, one on your telephone keypad. Next, we’ll go to Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group.
Eric Larson: Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Either Jim can answer this question. We’ve seen a lot of hog supplies on the market, particularly June and July, etc., and again a lot of volatility with lean hog pricing. My question is have farmers anticipated ASF? Do you think there’s been expansion in the herd industry because of ASF or not? What might be some of the dynamics that you see going on? Obviously we’ve got corn prices back down sharply as well, soybean meal as well, but what might be the mentality for hog expansion that we see out there for the next 12 months, and what’s happened recently, do you think?
Jim Sheehan: Well, I think some of it is a reaction to the additional hog processing capacity that’s in the industry right now, and anticipating that capacity increasing, they’ve increased their production. We certainly do see that hogs today are about $70. They’re a relatively cheap input. There’s cheap input, as you said- the grain is at a low cost basis right now, so I think there are encouragements to increase the hog production. It’s in line with what expectations were, but I think probably the biggest driver was that there’s been probably two years or more of discussion about the additional capacity coming online. They’ve had time to react, and those hogs are available to us.
Eric Larson: Okay. Then just a broader follow-up, it’s to your comments, Mr. Snee--Jim, about your supply chain efforts. It’s a multi-year project, so you’ve quantified what you thought your supply chain savings would be this year. Without getting into specifics, this something that is a multi-year project, is there a way to try to quantify what that might be, or are you in a position you can talk about that?
Jim Snee: I think when we get into our fourth quarter call, we’ll obviously give a little more color and clarity. The other variable as we continue down the path with Project Orion, we’ll have more opportunities that will reveal themselves. But the part about this being a multi-year project, I don’t even know if I would refer to it as a project. This is a permanent part, a permanent structure that we have in our organization that we’ve needed. I cited a couple of specific examples. As we think about just having that global view of plant performance, better meat utilization, and even some of the softer things about how we’re better prepared to approach training and recruitment in an environment where workers are harder than ever to come by, it’s important that we have one standard approach to how we’re doing things, so the benefits of the One Supply Chain initiative have been very impressive and far reaching in the organization on a number of different fronts. 
Eric Larson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. A couple questions. The price increases that you took in May, are they all reversed now or is there any residue of that pricing still in the market?
Jim Snee: Hey Rob, good morning. It really depends on the category. If you think about what happened in bacon, for example, that pricing does tend to realign itself more frequently, so we’ve seen realignment down and the market now has taken another run back up. It has moved a couple of times since we last talked, but we know that that’s what we have to do to remain competitive. In terms of pepperoni, the pricing that we took there was realigned because the trim market did not at all sustain what we thought it was going to do, and remains low today. On our grocery products front, the Spam pricing that we took, that held, but that really was less related to raw material, more other inflationary measures. So it’s really been a mixed bag across the different categories, but we feel good about the pricing actions we took and the corresponding realignments.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Then a follow-up - the grocery division, I haven’t seen the margins dip below 11% in a quarter, I don’t remember the last time. I think you’re kind of hinting around here that, hey a lot of it is transitory related to the crop availability and all that, but why wasn’t the crop availability this big of an issue in second and first quarter for avocadoes? Like why is it suddenly hurting the margin to this degree, and then as we look forward, how quickly can we assume that a normal crop in September will adjust the margins higher?
Jim Snee: That’s a great question. The secondary crop impacts our supply situation primarily in Q3, and if you go back to 2017 not on an overall GP margin structure, but if you go back, we had a very similar situation in 2017. At that time, we were very aggressive with our pricing, and this time we re-evaluated and thought we were going to be in a better position to just wait to see what the next crop looks like. So this secondary crop primarily impacts us in Q3 and then in early Q4, we start to get a better read on the primary crop. Early indications are that that’s more favorable, so that will have some impact in Q4 but then we’ll have the primary impact again in Q1 and Q2.
Robert Moskow: Okay. That’s very helpful. It’s August, so I’m going to ask question number three, here. You talked about Project Orion and the supply chain efforts, and I get that; but I think you also mentioned finance, HR, as well as supply chain as areas where you’ll be evaluating more productivity. Can you be more specific on what that means?
Jim Sheehan: Certainly. We will be implementing a single instance of all of our ERP systems across finance, HR, and the supply chain, meaning that all operations will be operated on a common platform. We’ll create great efficiencies in the operations. We’re also focusing on automation and robotics within certain processes, so those are things that Project Orion brings to us. It’s going to make us a more efficient company in many aspects, and obviously the other issue is the quality of information and the decisions that we can make based on that data. Where before we’d have to mine through multiple systems to get information, this will provide a common platform. The information will be readily available and we can do analysis across all aspects of the business.
Robert Moskow: Very good, thank you.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, it’s star, one on your telephone keypad. Next we’ll go to Thomas Palmer with JP Morgan.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the questions. Wanted to first kick off talking about the price elasticity that you saw on pork products. Was it as you expected? Do you think it was a little more severe because you were out of line with the industry, and what insights does that give you as you think about potentially layering on new price increases in the coming year?
Jim Snee: We saw greater elasticity than we thought, especially in bacon and pepperoni. It really was the fact that the markets did not perform on a continuous basis, so we reached some points of elevation in the belly market and the trim market that really put us into action on the pricing front. What changed was we took pricing, some of the others in the category didn’t, and then the markets didn’t sustain, so when that happened we were priced higher than the category, which created those higher than expected elasticities. That’s where our pricing realignment came in.  Once we got our pricing realigned, we felt like the elasticities were in line with what we expected. Bacon is back on track, we think pepperoni is, and then we did talk a little bit about the grocery products pricing that we held with Spam. From Spam’s perspective, volume was relatively flat and sales were up 4%, so if anything, that outperformed the elasticity we expected  So as I said earlier, it really was a mixed bag across all of the different categories where we took pricing.
Thomas Palmer: Okay, thanks for that. I just wanted to circle on the avocado side. It sounds like you elected not to take pricing in part because you think that at least a portion of this severe inflation you’re experiencing is temporary. If you do decide early in the fourth quarter as you get the read through, how long does it take to implement pricing? When does that start to materialize in terms of the P&L impact from a COGS standpoint that either the crop is favorable or not? Is this come the first quarter we would see both pricing and COGS basket changing for the new crop, or is the timing different than that?
Jim Snee: Got it. You would expect to see impact tail end of the fourth quarter, really into the first quarter either way. From a pricing perspective, if we do choose to take pricing, it’s very consistent with the other retail pricing dynamics that we see and expect it to take approximately 60 days to get into the marketplace. The team will have a pretty good read on it in short order, and we’ll be able to make the right business decision. 
Thomas Palmer: o Thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Rebecca Scheuneman with Morningstar.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Good morning. I have a question about the grocery products margin. Was there any part of the margin decline there that can be attributed to the sale of the CytoSport business, or is that entirely explained by avocadoes and peanut butter pricing?
Jim Sheehan: From a margin standpoint, it’s really about the avocado prices and the peanut butter.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay, so nothing at all from CytoSport?
Jim Sheehan: No. As we’ve stated, CytoSport would have about a $0.04 impact for the back half of the year from a P&L standpoint, but from margins, it’s really driven by the avocado costs and the peanut butter.
Jim Snee: Yes, the existing businesses that we have.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay, thanks. My second question is with this global protein shortage resulting from ASF, is there any reason to believe that this wouldn’t improve the demand for turkey heading into next year?
Jim Snee: I think that’s a fair assumption. We need to see how this all plays out through this global trade uncertainty and how the global supply reorganizes, but I do think there is a point of view out there that says poultry products, turkey in particular, could benefit. We’ll see how that materializes the balance of this year and into 2020, but I think that’s a fair assumption.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I show we have no further questions. I’ll now turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Great, thank you. Thanks to all of you for your participation and interest this morning. While our team continues to navigate near term uncertainty, I remain very certain in our teams’ ability to deliver our key results and finish 2019 in a very strong manner. Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-05-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, May 23, 2019. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Annis.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2019. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 A.M. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of each segment's performance for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2019. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and further assumptions relating to our outlook. The line will be opened for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you’re welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11 AM today Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 800-263-0877, and the access code is 505-1059. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. We've referred to Pages 31 through 36 in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 27, 2019 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with the better understanding of the company’s operating performance by excluding the impact of certain non-recurring items affecting comparability. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Please note that during our call, we will refer to these non-GAAP results as adjusted earnings. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. As a global branded food company, we remain focused on our long term strategy we call our formula for success. This includes building strong brands, developing innovative new items, making strategic acquisitions, and creating intentional balance. We had strengthened our competitive position in the past three years through intentional actions such as evolving through a broader global branded food company, accelerating our foodservice business, modernizing our supply chain and divesting non-strategic assets. Today these actions leave us with the better business, a strong balance sheet, insisting cash flows and the ability to make a transformational acquisition when the opportunity presents itself. Many of our businesses continued to exceed expectations and demonstrate our strategy is working. We’ve recognized progress is not always linear. So we are focused on executing against our plans in the marketplace, while delivering the longer term results our shareholders expect. This morning we announced second quarter earnings per share of $0.52. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.46, a 5% increase compared to last year. Three segments delivered volume and sales growth resulting in a volume increase of 1% and sales of increase of 1%. There are many bright spots I want to highlight as we look at our top line results. First our foodservice business across the company had a very strong quarter, delivering mid single-digit sales growth. Products such as Hormel Bacon 1 cooked bacon, Hormel Fire Braised meat, Austin Blues authentic barbeque and Jennie-O foodservice business all delivered strong growth. Each year food service becomes more and more important to us as we find new and innovative products that deliver value to operators. Next our portfolio of grocery products had a solid quarter with growth coming from offering such as the SPAM family of products, Herdez salsas, SKIPPY peanut butter, Dinty Moore Stew, Black Label bacon beds and Hormel microwave meals. These brands, along with many others in our portfolio, continued to demonstrate growth is occurring in the center of the store. We issued record value added sales within refrigerated foods as we continue to convert lower margin commodity products into higher margin value added products. And that result is a double-digit decline in commodity sales and an increase in value added sales. Once again, this is consistent with the long term trajectory of refrigerated foods and reflects the clarity, focus and alignment this team exhibits. Looking at the segments. Grocery products had a strong quarter as sales increased 2% on a 3% volume increase. Segment profit increased 12% due to higher volume and margin across many of our brands, including SPAM and Dinty Moore, in addition to lower expenses for CytoSport. We completed the divestiture of CytoSport on April 15. During the quarter, we took a measured and calculated response to a competitor's price decrease in order to defend our SKIPPY peanut butter franchise. Our responsibility as a branded food company is to elevate the category through brand building and innovation. We believe competing on the basis of price alone is not how branded food company should operate. Throughout this process, our commitment to use revenue growth management techniques to optimize our promotional strategies has been very well received by our retail partners. We continue to be encouraged by our new Skippy PB&J Minis. Our market test was successful, and we are currently rolling out the product nationwide. In addition, our current pipeline of out of the jar innovation for nut butters is very robust. Refrigerated foods sales increased 1% on flat volumes. While segment profit declined, it was driven by a 65% decline in commodity profits and rapidly increasing input costs such as bellies and trim. Brands such as Hormel Bacon 1, Fire Braised, Austin Blues and Black Label all had an excellent quarter. We continue to be encouraged by the new Hormel Deli solutions division, especially the performance of the Columbus brands, and our prepared foods portfolio of products. Our Applegate and Natural Choice brands continued to grow as consumers look for better for you options that fit their lifestyles. International volume declined 7%, sales declined 9% and segment profit declined 31%. The key driver to the decline continues to be lower fresh pork exports volume and pricing caused by global trade uncertainty related to tariffs. We also experienced higher freight costs, primarily relating to flooding near Fremont, Nebraska, which affected our ability to ship export products. We saw continued growth in our China business led by key brands such as SPAM and Skippy. Jennie-O Turkey Store volume increased 2%, while sales were flat. We delivered growth in our foodservice business led by our Jennie-O slice Turkey products. Segment profit declined 45%, driven by start-up costs at our Melrose Hulbert plant, higher feed costs and lower retail sales. The Melrose plant is now the most automated production facility we own, and certain automation components are new to Hormel Foods and the industry. Within one week we switched from a highly manual plant to an automated plant and the process took more time than we expected picking up to full speed. The extremely cold weather compounded the problem as we were unable to move forward into the facility during certain days. The additional start-up cost this quarter was $0.01 earnings per share. We are now very close to hitting our efficiency targets, and expect lower net production costs in the years to come. The lingering effects of two voluntary recalls for lean ground Turkey during the first quarter led the loss retail distribution. Throughout the recall event, we have maintained a close watch on key brand health metrics and are pleased to report all measures show the Jennie-O brand is strong. Starting in the third quarter, we will reactivate promotional activity and advertising in order to gain back our loss distribution. We continue to work with the Turkey industry on the issue of salmonella. Our efforts across the entire supply chain have helped decreased levels of salmonella in our facilities. We have also maintained our leadership role of educating consumers on how to safely handle and prepare raw Turkey. From an industry perspective, we continue to see lower placements, but cold storage levels remain at elevated levels. Market prices are starting to show modest increases. As we think about our first half, excluding the onetime gain on the CytoSport divestiture, strong results from Grocery Products and favorable SG&A were offset by higher than expected plant start-up cost as Jennie-O Turkey store and margin compression in International and Refrigerated businesses. Overall, the business finished below our expectations for the first half. As we look forward, the biggest unknown in the protein industry is related to the outbreak of African swine fever in China. As I could take the opportunity to walk you through the dynamics of the African swine fever, our expectations the actions we are taking and the expected impact on our financial results. This will give you a deeper understanding of our business results and context for our guidance. First, the best industry information shows that China has lost between 150 million and 200 million hogs. This is equivalent to more than the entire pork production in the United States. In addition, China is the largest pork producer and consumer of pork in the world. Second, due to the losses of hogs in China, we have seen hog prices in China increased by approximately 28% during our second quarter. Prices will likely continue to move higher as cold storage stocks in China are drawn down. Finally, the United States will play a vital role in filling the global supply gap. In a response to the higher demand and increased exports, domestic prices have already increased and will likely increase further. We started to see the market effects of ASS in our second quarter. We saw rapid increases in key input costs for hogs, the USDA composite cut out, bellies and trim during the quarter. We expect all these markets to increase in the coming months. And Jim Sheehan will provide our high level assumptions for the markets during his comments. In response to these input cost increases, and the cost increases we expect to come, we announced pricing action on the majority of our pork-related products portfolio across Refrigerated Foods, Grocery Products and International. Depending on the category, our announced pricing generally takes 30 to 75 days to become effective on shop of the retail. As such, most pricing actions will be effective in the back half of the third quarter. Within foodservice, we're able to adjust pricing every two weeks, which allows us to stay closer to any market changes. Our prior experiences, such as with PEDB in 2014, suggest our brands can operate and grow in both low and high market conditions. However, the speed at which markets move can cause short-term margin expansion and compression as our prices lag input cost changes. Second quarter demonstrated this dynamic as near term margins were pressured. We expect similar periods of margin pressure as markets move higher in the back half of 2019. We do expect short term volume declines, but they will vary by category. We have taken proactive actions to maintain volumes such as adjusting our promotional activity, and shifting our advertising to support key brands. Once again, we will be leveraging our direct sales force to communicate directly with our customers on how ASF will affect our categories. Pricing discussions with customers are never easy, but finding the right solutions for our customers truly differentiates our company. Animal health issues are not new to us, in fact, this will be our third situation in the last five years. Each event comes with its own unique challenges and issues. ASF will be different than PEDV in 2014 and different than high path avian influenza in 2016. But the lessons we learned in those events will be important as we managed through ASF. I'm confident our experience management team will continue to guide our company forward and our dedicated team of employees will help deliver our key results. Turning to our guidance for fiscal 2019. Higher forecasted input costs and the lag in pricing are expected to impact Refrigerated Foods, Grocery Products and International earnings in the second half. We have also lowered our expectations for Jennie-O as we reinvest to gain back our retail distribution. Our guidance also includes a positive $0.02 net impact to the year for the divestiture of CytoSport. Taking all factors into account, we are lowering our full year guidance to $1.71 to $1.85 per share and our sales guidance to $9.5 billion to $10 billion. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter and our earnings guidance in addition to key assumptions for the remainder of fiscal 2019.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning. Volume and net sales for the quarter grew 1%. Volume was 1.2 billion pounds as growth from Grocery Products and Jennie-O Turkey store offset the decline in International. The record sales of $2.3 billion was due to strength in Grocery Products and record value added sales in Refrigerated Foods. Net earnings for the second quarter were $282 million, up 19% from last year. Diluted earnings per share was $0.52, adjusted earnings per share was $0.46, up 5% increase. The CytoSport transaction was closed April 15th. Gain was $0.06 per share and recognized a net unallocated expense and taxes. The second half impact earnings for 2019 is a reduction of approximately $0.04 per share. Full year sales for CytoSport were expected to be approximately $300 million. SG&A excluding advertising was 5.7% of sales compared to 7.2% last year. The decline was driven by the one-time benefit from the CytoSport sale and reduction in selling expense. Advertising for the quarter was $35 million, a decline from $37 million last year. Advertising investments are expected to be down modestly due to the sales of CytoSport. Operating margins were 13.3% compared to 12.9% last year. The increase was primarily due to lower SG&A and stronger results from grocery products. The effective tax rate was 11.1% down from 20% last year. The gain from CytoSport sales drove the decline. The full year effective tax rate is expected to be between 17.5% and 19.5%. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $366 million, down 18%. The decrease is due to higher levels of working capital, primarily from building inventory and anticipation of higher raw material costs. For the quarter, capital expenditures were $48 million compared to $87 million last year. We expect to spend approximately $310 million in 2019. Weather issues delayed the expansion of the Burke facility, which will shift capital spend into 2020. We paid the 363rd consecutive quarterly dividends, effective May 15 at annual rate of $0.84 per share, a 12% increase over the prior year. Share repurchases in the quarter were $23 million representing 562,000 shares. We will continue to repurchase stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises and based on our internal valuation. We received $474 million from the CytoSport transaction. We used the proceeds to pay $375 million of short term debt related to the purchase of Columbus Craft Meats. Net debt is negative. Company remains in a strong financial position to fund strategic investments. Domestic hog supply and production are balanced. Industry expansion continues as global demand increases. The supply shortage in China, caused by African swine fever, should drive domestic prices higher. We expect to operate in a high cost and volatile environment for multiple quarters. Hog markets increase year-over-year, rising more than 50% throughout the second quarter. USDA composite cutout value increased 20%. The company’s grain-based contracts and balanced approach to hog procurement provided some projection against the rapid market increases during the quarter. Prices for bellie and lean trim increased as much as 40% during the quarter before declining in the last few weeks. The guidance range for the remainder of the year is based on the following market expectations. The range reflects our view of the impact of ASF in China without an outbreak in the United States. We expect hog prices and the USDA composite cutout declined 10% to 30% from the current price levels, while maintaining a high level of volatility. The last time markets were at this level was 2014 during the domestic PEDV offering. Bellie prices have historically been the most volatile of our key inputs. We expect costs to rise to a new price range of 30% to 40% higher than the current range. Our guidance includes continued volatility within the expected range. Being trim markets are doubled from February to around $80 per 100 weight, we expect 10% to 20% increases compared to the current prices. Although there are various opinions on the impact of ASF on future pork markets, we feel providing our outlook provides better insight into our guidance. Turkey pork placements were down 4% from the last six months and down 5% year-to-date. Fresh meat and cold storage remains elevated, 7% above last year. Compared to last year, Turkey breast prices were up 28% and whole bird prices rose 6%. Meat cost was higher by 7% during the quarter. We continue to make excellent progress on Project Orion, a strategic initiative to streamline and transform how we operate as a global branded food company. This project will generate efficiencies across the entire company and represents the next step in the execution of our long-term growth strategy. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Our first question from Michael Lavery from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Can you just give a little more color on your pricing actions relative to cost increases? And you said that it had cost increases and expected costs increases in line. You gave a little bit of color on what some of those expectations are. But how much are you leaning in on pricing? Would it color all of that? Would it more than color all of that? What’s the right way to think about where you land from a margin standpoint?
Jim Sheehan: Sure. I’ll go ahead and start around pricing, and then I’ll let Jim talk a little bit more about some of the market conditions. As we saw the run up in markets, in the second quarter, we were quick to react and took some very proactive pricing actions across the number of our key categories that’s obviously are pork related. What was interesting in the quarter is we saw the quick run up and then we saw a moderation of pricing. And so when we say expected pricing going forward, we do project that pricing will return to the levels that we saw in Q2, in some cases maybe a little higher. The other thing to remember Michael, and we've talked about this a lot is that lag in pricing. So again depending on the channel foodservice little closer to the market, when you think about Refrigerated Products that’s all further out, and then GP, Grocery Products are shall stable portfolio is really what takes the longest to be reflected. So we feel good about the pricing actions that we’ve taken. For us, it’s really that volatility that creates the compression or in some cases expansion, but it’s really getting to the new level. Once we get to a new level that becomes little more stabilized than that’s when we get margins back to normalized level. So it’s really the volatility that creates the disruption. And I’ll turn over to Jim maybe for a little more market clarity.
Jim Snee: Certainly. Michael, we expect to see volatility as these prices continue to grow. To give you an example of challenges, the belly market for instance in the second quarter had a low of 120 and a high of 215. And it wasn’t a consistent line. You’d see increases and then you see sudden drops and that creates a lot of difficulty in getting the timing of the pricing correct. We expect those challenges to continue. We expect that volatility for us to create a challenge in the pricing as we go forward.
Michael Lavery: Even if it’s volatile, you have, obviously, some visibility on costs. What about on the consumer side? Do you have a sense of their ability to bear further pricing? And what depending limits there are to where you start to see real meaningfully you left diseased, but -- and how may that compared to five years ago with the PEDV?
Jim Sheehan: I think this is going to be a little bit difference in that PEDV. It was probably a more short-lived. I mean all the prognosticators are saying that this could be a little longer term. So I think there are some key learnings that are very applicable and there are some things that are little bit different. Any time you take pricing, especially in the short-term you do have an impact on volume. We’re talking about a number of different categories. So the volume impact, the elasticities are very different across all of those categories. The most recent reference point we have, of course, would have been the fourth quarter of 2017, where we had a significant run up in key markets. And again, we put our elasticity models to work. And the good news is in many cases, we were able to outperform what was projected. But we've done all the homework and understand that there will be some volume implications as we take pricing.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: I appreciate, Jim the color on your outlook for the individual promos as well as your outlook on hogs. You alluded to some comments around duration, but with what you know now, what is the duration of volatility that you're expecting? And or for what period of time are you thinking about elevated price is sustaining?
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I mean, that's part of the uncertainty that we're dealing with. There's a point of view that says you could see this being a multi-year event. And that's really what we're preparing for. But, I think in the short term, especially, it's really interesting how the dynamics and the information is changing so rapidly. So as we're talking to others in the industry, you hear points to view where the markets getting ready to run very soon. And then you talked to others who say, maybe freezer stocks in China are a little higher than anticipated and it's going to take some while to clear them. So there's really a lot of uncertainty around when, how much, how fast, how long, what happens in the competitive landscape, who decides to export, who is focused on value-added. So with all that uncertainty, we're giving you our best estimate. But we really want to focus on is the certainty and what we know to be true. And that's really our ability to price to new market level. And then, as always, we're going to do what's in the best interest of the company, the customers, consumers, food service operators. So we really need to focus on the things that we can control, and then really just do our best to try to understand the uncertainty that's in the marketplace.
Ben Bienvenu: On the Jennie-O business, some operational challenges that you mentioned in the quarter, and some go-forward investment around regaining retail distribution. What does that timeline look like for getting back to some of those distribution points? And then, I'd love to hear kind of what you guys think about the Turkey outlook with a little bit more detail as well as kind of the magnitude of the cost of re-establishing those retail distribution points?
Jim Snee: Sure. I mean it starts with the fact that the impact of the voluntary recall was that, that we lost distribution. The other thing that we've had to understand is what's happened with the brand and so what we know is that the brand strength is still very strong among consumers and where we have product on shelf, which is still quite expensive, because we're the number one brand, our velocities are good. The velocities haven't decreased at all. So obviously, having the number one brand really does matter. So as we think about the back half of the year, I mean we see this as an entire back half play in terms of regaining distribution, even though we have the number one brand, it doesn't happen overnight. And as you mentioned, there will be some impact with the investments that we need to make. But we feel confident that by reactivating promotional activity, really engaging with our advertising and going customer by customer. We're still very positive on the JOTS business. As we think back to this business where it come from, it's clearly the best performing acquisition, we've ever made, the combination of Jennie-O and Turkey Store. So we are not resting on our laurels or looking back, it's really about how we are going to carry this business forward. And we have some work to do, but when we gain -- when we regain the distribution, we know the brand is strong and we know that the velocities are there, in that lean ground space.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. So, first on your cash balance. So clearly, it continues to build on the sale of CytoSport, so just curious how you guys are thinking about deploying that excess cash?
Jim Sheehan: I think that the focus is the same and it’s investing and growing the business.
Jim Snee: Yes, Rupesh. And I would tell you, as we mentioned in our comments, that we're in a really good position, should we find obviously the right acquisition and we referenced a transformational acquisition. So we've talked about the level that of the size of the deal that we could do, we would be comfortable with, that still holds true. The key is, as always we've got a number of deals that we're looking at, that we're reviewing that are in the pipeline. It's getting them to the finish line. And then the other part is, in terms of having the one deal that fits that price range can sometimes be difficult. So as Jim mentioned, it is this constant view of how do we reinvest and grow in the business whether that's through value-added capacity expansion or through external strategic acquisitions. I mean, our team is as focused as ever on both of those.
Rupesh Parikh: And then on the Refrigerated Foods segment, so there is another big decline in commodity profits. So I was just curious, if you can just give us a little more color on what's driving that decline and whether the company is now worse off or better following the Fremont plant sale?
Jim Snee: Yeah I mean we're better off than we were three years ago. I mean, as we've said, this is a better business today. The moves that we've made to really strengthen our earnings power put us in a really strong position. The Refrigerated Foods piece is, it's the fifth consecutive quarter of steep declines in commodity profits and even though we had record value-added sales, it still wasn't enough to overcome that. And then, of course, to tell you the combination of the margin compression from the run-up in markets, but as we think about the portfolio, especially in Refrigerated Foods, I mean it is as strong as it's ever been and well positioned for future growth.
Jim Sheehan: Rupesh, one area I'd point you to is that the hog markets increased about 50% year-over-year in the second quarter, where the composite carcass value, the basis of what we purchase from the WholeStone Group increased about 20%. So I think that's consistent with the strategy of reducing the level of volatility in this transaction.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: So I just want to discuss a little bit, you lowered the fiscal '19 guidance by $0.06. That includes a net $0.02 benefit from the CytoSport divestiture. So $0.08 kind of pre-that and I presume the corporate -- I mean, seems like corporate actually will light this quarter. So maybe the operations are little bit more than that. But can you allocate that the change in outlook to the businesses, if at all? Obviously the Jennie-O business has gotten more challenged and you've got the input pressures on pork that spread throughout the portfolio, but how should we think about the change in outlook by operating segments?
Jim Sheehan: Well, Adam, I'll start on the discussion around that -- unallocated being down, it's down because of the CytoSport transaction, some benefit in the interest income, but it's also down because our general administrative expenses and some selling expenses, the amount that we've allocated to the businesses is less than what our actual spend is, it has to do with we allocate those expenses on a fixed amount based on our budgets and really we've done a very nice job of managing those expenses. So that's really a reduction and it's consistent with what you're seeing in SG&A, where you're seeing a reduction on our SG&A costs.
Jim Snee: Yes, then as we think about the businesses, Adam, I mean, the key takeaway is that our first half was lower than expected, but the majority of that gap is in the second half due to ASF and the business at JOTS. So as you think about each segments, Grocery Products, will have a slight decline. As you think about higher trim markets and we haven't talked about the Skippy pricing yet, but that will have an impact in the second half of the year. For Refrigerated Foods, we expect continued strong results from our brands across all the channels, but there will be a lag in pricing. So we would expect to see a slight decline in Refrigerated Foods in the back half. And really the same holds true for International through the ASF and tariff issues. And then as we've talked about JOTS, because of the reinvestment in lean ground and we're still not seeing improvement in the markets like we'd like to see. So we are seeing some improvements, but they continue to be slow. So it's a little bit across the board and but the majority of the gap is in the back half.
Adam Samuelson : And then, I guess my second question is more just about the competitive in the U.S. pork market. As we think about the prospect of higher pork exports, do you feel that puts you in any sort of competitive disadvantage where some of your bigger packer and processed meat competitors are a bit more vertically integrated and more tied to the export market, might have more visibility in terms of product flow before you fully see that is from thinking specifically in the event of the U.S exporting cold carcasses to China and the net impact that would have on belly and trim markets. But just broadly this does not having a bigger export business today put you at a competitive disadvantage given the market landscape?
Jim Snee: Yes, what I would say that Adam is, you've got short-term issues and then long-term strategies. And so there are different operating models that will certainly be able to capitalize on some of those short-term opportunities, better than we can. But -- from where we sit, we're in the business we want to be and we know that there's going to be that volatility, less supply, increased costs, and as we've talked about, it's that lag that hurts us, that compresses us in the short term. But we know and we've demonstrated our ability to price to the new market levels with the businesses, the brands, the portfolios that we've chosen to participate in. And so advantage, disadvantage, I guess it really depends on the business you want to be in and how you want to run short term, long term, but we feel good about where we are. We just really need to get through the ups and downs of the markets and then we'll be fine.
Operator: We'll take our next question is from Jeremy Scott from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott: If you can offer any color on how your customers in each of your channels are addressing the looming supply disruption. I think one thing we're hearing more from restaurant operators is that there's an elevated urgency to lock up price or even lock up volumes. So -- and then, I guess on the other hand, we're hearing how operators are adjusting menus and features toward other proteins. So I appreciate your comments on pricing elasticity and contract duration. But is there a risk of customers in anticipation of a shortage already making adjustments to their purchase behavior and maybe less willing to absorb a pricing action at this point?
Jim Snee: Jeremy, we feel like we're pretty close especially to the foodservice market. And I will tell you that we have not seen that with our foodservice operators where others are thinking about substitution or trying to lock up supply. I think your -- the first part of your comment is very accurate that when you get into these situations. There is a propensity to want to try to lock up pricing and obviously from our perspective. We go the other way and say that's the last thing we want to do and we want to get closer to the market and that really is what we're able to do each and every day is our pricing in foodservices closer to the market. We have steered clear of long-term pricing agreements. We don't believe that they're actually in either party's interest. Our focus continues to be on creating solutions, right, making sure that we can help them with their pain points around creating great menu ideas for their patrons, making sure that we can help them with their labor, their insurance, their safety issues. So I'm not going to go so far as to say it's business as usual, because it's not -- there's certainly a different mindset. But a lot of what we're doing still plays out in the marketplace.
Jeremy Scott: I appreciate the color you had on your expectations for raw material inflation. Just given all the internal changes in Refrigerated Foods division over the last couple years, I think there's been some hazing this in terms of your net sensitivity to different pricing. So maybe if I can ask on the cost side of the equation, meaning, assuming you take price, what is the earnings sensitivity to let's say a 10% increase in bellies and trim?
Jim Sheehan: The answer that I would give you, Jeremy, as it's more about the volatility in the change, as opposed to the magnitude of the change. So as this process matures, I think you're going to see less volatility in the markets, will be less rumors because people understand the facts around ASF. Right now what's happening again is that you're just seeing wild swings day to day in the markets. Once we hit a level that there is more stability, there are less rumors or speculation going on. We'll be able to manage this fine. So the increase in the price is not the primary concern, it's how much volatility you're getting. For instance, we've seen I think from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter. I talked about the volatility in bellies. The price only changed 6% between the beginning of the quarter and the end of the quarter. But as I said, the prices range between 120 and 215 in that quarter. That's difficult to manage. So my advice would be pay more attention to volatility, that's what's going to be -- sometimes it's a benefit and what volatility does it creates noise in a quarter. So for instance, if we've priced up and our input costs dropped the last two or three weeks, it may look -- may make the quarter look a little bit better than it really should or the other way around. Take a look at it on the long-term run as to how we're performing and somewhat ignore the noise of the quarterly movements because of volatility. Hopefully that's helpful.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: I appreciate all the comments about the volatility and the fundamental challenges, but I am a little confused as to your messaging here on your pricing because how decisive have you been able to be with your customers on these price increases that you've taken, like are you telling them that, hey, we're taking these price increases. But in a couple of weeks, we might have to take more based on our outlook or are you saying, hey, there's a lot of volatility. So this might not stick. It's a little unclear to me like how decisive you can actually be in how you're communicating to your customers?
Jim Snee: Yes, that's a great question, Rob. And we have been very decisive with our customers in terms of the pricing that we've taken across multiple categories. Although there is all this uncertainty, again, as I said about the when, the how much, how long, there is a consensus that the markets are going to increase. And so we have been decisive with pricing, in terms of what the markets do and when it's reflected. We have gone a customer by customer and worked on a promotional basis to make sure that pricing is not negatively impacting the categories, but it's important to get that pricing out front and center as soon as possible. So the pricing actions have been decisive, working closely with them on a customer by customer basis as the markets move with that volatility is something that we watch very closely. So hopefully that gives you a little more color on how we're thinking about the pricing.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then in the grocery division, is it easier in the grocery division to kind of just take the price increase and have it stick because the underlying meat is a smaller component of the overall cost of the product. Is that a fair statement?
Jim Snee: I wish it was.
Robert Moskow: Wow, would you?
Jim Snee: As you know -- we know the pricing conversations are always hard. And so I wouldn't say that it's any easier. It is a smaller component, you're correct. But you've got to have the market data or the industry facts to support your case. And I think that's really I would say that they're fairly equivalent in terms of Grocery Products or Refrigerated Foods.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: So couple of questions. One is, when I think about 2020, how much of the turkey issues will be resolved that you will be able to enjoy whatever recovery there is by 2020? And why would you not have any benefit from African swine fever from -- in the turkey operation in 2020? And then my second question would be, when I think about your pricing on the Skippy side, how much elasticity have you had and where do you expect that to go?
Jim Snee: So great questions, Ken. As we think about 2020, you're right, I mean we should see the benefit of a couple of things, one, we will be working hard in the back half of this year to regain that distribution, knowing we have a strong brand, strong velocities. So the retail business, we should be able to see that or as you said, enjoy the positive impact. The foodservice business at Jennie-O Turkey Store had a good quarter and we expect that business to continue to grow and perform well. And then I think your last point on turkey is a very good one also. And we just -- it's hard to project, right. I mean, I do think there is a school of thought that says, if you have the impact of pork, there are going to be other proteins, chicken, beef, turkey that will benefit. So I mean we haven't modeled a lot of that into our back half, just because we know that we have work to do to regain that distribution, but certainly that's a wild card as we think about the impact of African swine fever. And then on the pricing for Skippy, we've taken a price decline and we -- we've worked customer by customer, because our ultimate goal is really to be great stewards of the category. And so we've worked and been very reliant on revenue growth management to help retailers, still try to grow the category. And our focus is continuing on the brand building and innovation, but it's a battle right now, it's a battle in the category. And again, we don't like the idea of competing solely on price. We want to focus on the brand building and innovation. So we're fighting. We've got a great brand and we've got some great things in the pipeline coming to take peanut butter out of the jar. We talked in our prepared comments about being pleased with the Skippy PB&J minis and our ability now to roll those out nationwide. Certainly, that will have a positive impact on the brand. So again, some short-term things that we'll work through, but we know that we'll come out the other side stronger and better.
Operator: We'll take our next question is from Heather Jones from Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: My questions are actually -- my two questions are related. So just -- you talked about what your outlook is for hog and belly pricing et cetera for the rest of this year. I just want to think about 2020, you mentioned the 150 million to 200 million hogs, that conventional wisdom as has been lost in China and just that magnitude far surpasses PED. So I was just wondering when you're thinking -- in your early thinking about 2020, would you expect hog prices to take another big leg up then? And if you thought about the elasticity, the volume elasticity on your products, it's become cliché. But I mean, I think most would agree that this is unprecedented. So like, just wondering how you're thinking about how that affects volume et cetera and your business, when you have to pass on those that magnitude of cost increases?
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean you've asked the question, I think a lot of ways to answer it, Heather, is that, we're in some unprecedented or we expect to be in some unprecedented areas for a longer period of time, than we've seen. And so you certainly -- if demand stays static, you could, to your point, see another run-up in prices. But I do think at a certain level, because of the elasticity and you're going to have demand destruction, or you know to Ken's earlier comment, you're going to have this migration to other proteins. So there's just -- there's so much uncertainty in terms of how you're going to have this interaction with the consumer across other proteins. It's really hard to project, what those ultimate impacts are going to be.
Heather Jones: And I was wondering if you could -- if you could compare and contrast. You mentioned that you've been through three health events in the last five years and PED seems to be the most relevant to this one. Since your business has changed fairly substantially, you've divested Farmer John's, you've divested Fremont, but given your Jennie-O business, and then given your less control, I guess for lack of a better word of the hogs. Do you view the business as better positioned relative to '14, because you don't control the hogs, so you're more exposed to the belly cut-out et cetera, but you're less exposed to the lean -- the run in lean hogs? So just wondering if you could just give us some color on how you're thinking about how the business is positioned relative to '14?
Jim Snee: The business in our opinion for where we want to be is much better positioned, because our goal is not to be a commodity company or commodity organization. And as I've said several times already, this is a better business today through the intentional changes that we've made. Some of the things we're talking about are short term and commodity in nature. Going back to the first part of your question, in terms of what have we learned and clearly from PEDV, what we learned was how important it is to be proactive with your pricing. And so, I mean, I would say that we certainly have led the charge in the industry in terms of being proactive with our pricing. But I think that's important, just because it gets the right mindset into the marketplace and then as things change, we've got other levers we can pull to help customers and consumers, but when it's all said and done, this company, this portfolio is in a much better place than it was in 2014. And as I've said pretty broadly within our four walls is I've never had as much confidence and as much faith in our business, our strategy and our people.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Eric Larson from Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: I just have a couple. The first one is as a quick follow-up to Rob's question. In that you're quite a bit closer to the market with your foodservice business, does that allow you to adjust prices downward as well, if the market volatility would suggest to you should do that? I think that's a harder plan to implement at retail. But do you have flexibility to work with your customers on the downside as well?
Jim Snee: Yes, Eric, that's a correct assessment. The foodservice channel does give us that flexibility, but it's also very typical. So because we're closer to the market, we take the ups and downs and that's clearly understood in the channel and in the marketplace.
Eric Larson: Okay. Then the final two things are kind of second derivative calls here. You've been very proactive with your pricing in the market. Your competitors are facing the same issues. So are they thought -- are they with you on that? And then equally more important or as important, what are your hogs producers telling? Are they -- is the farming community gearing up to increase production as well? You've got low -- you've got low grain prices, you have this supposed big increase in demand coming, and that's all expectations at this point. But has it changed the way the producers are thinking about what they're going to do for the next couple of years as well?
Jim Snee: Eric, I'll take the first part and then Jim Sheehan can answer the second half. As I said and you agreed, I mean we have been proactive with our pricing and we were the first ones out of the gate. We are starting to see some competitive follow-up, which obviously supports our position and help support the overall pricing models. So it's happening slower than we would have liked. But it's starting to happen. Jim, I'll let you answer.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I'll speak that. Our producers appear to be in a very good position to meet any demand for increased hog production. We feel that they're in a very good position and we're confident that we will have the supply of hogs if any.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Thomas Palmer from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Palmer: Just wanted to ask on the Jennie-O side, the lost shelf space, who are you losing that to and as you look to win it back, what's kind of the pitch for displacing it? It's a little surprising. I guess how well velocities have hung in to see this level of distribution losses. So what are your retailers telling you? Who are they giving it to and kind of what's the pitch to win it back?
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean, there obviously are other competitors that are filling that space. And so it again depends on the retailer who's filling the void. The pitch becomes -- what happened to their category, since we've been gone. And in most cases, it's not a good category story for them and so to us that speaks volumes that: a, brand still matter, and b, the number one brand really matters. So there is a reason -- through the voluntary recall. There is a reason that we are off shelf and we understand that. But this idea that the brand is still strong through all of our research is very important. The idea of those places where we didn't lose distribution that the velocities are still hanging in there is very important. So it really becomes all of those things that the story that we're telling to the retailers. But again, it doesn't happen overnight. You don't show up with a magic wand and you're back on shelf. We know that we have to earn the right to be back on their shelves and we'll do that. But once we're there, we know that we'll be able to help them grow their category.
Thomas Palmer: And I also wanted to follow-up on the hog side, you referenced the run-up in spot pricing. I think in the past you've had maybe a little bit less volatility than spot pricing because you're in negotiated pricing in your hedges. Have you decreased that exposure? I mean is this a situation where as those hedges roll off? We look for more inflation inside of the fourth quarter than in the third quarter or should we be thinking about it a little differently than that?
Jim Snee: Probably, the biggest difference you've seen between the first quarter and second quarter and we believe will go into the back half is in the first quarter grain-based contracts were a drag to us. They were more expensive than other formula pricing that we had. It's an advantage to us right now. Those are coming in a little bit lower costs. We still take future positions. We still work with our producers. Of course, when we made the change in the structure of Fremont, we took a look at rebalancing the type of contracts we have and we think we're in a really good position right now. We have a nice balance.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Benjamin Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Just a quick one. So, obviously, with the disruption in China, roughly $150 million to $200 million, which you expect and your exposure on the sales side, what have you seen on Chinese demand for different products? Have you seen people switching? Have you still seen the similar demand dynamics as in the past? Sorry I'm little tired. Just to understand how the Chinese consumers reacting and how you feel about demand going forward on the Chinese side, just in order to understand a little bit what the opportunity could be for imported products from ours and how that most likely is going to shake out on a global basis? That would be great to get some color.
Jim Snee: Yes, great question, Ben. So I mean we have seen and you've probably heard that there has been an increase in the chicken consumption in China. But consumers in China are still eating pork and so our in-country business still remains very strong both the retail and foodservice refrigerated meat business. We've also seen and as we mentioned, the strong growth in our SPAM and Skippy business, but I do think that, you hit on something that we're watching very closely is that we are trying to understand the consumer demand and what the impact of ASF is having on them at this point. We haven't seen it flow through in the business, but it is something obviously that's top of mind.
Benjamin Theurer: And then just one quick one on your updated tax guidance, is it fair to assume that the second half is basically unchanged to what the initial guidance was, and that reduction for full year is solely driven by the lower effective tax rate of the second quarter?
Jim Sheehan: That's correct, Benjamin.
Operator: We will take our last question from Rebecca Scheuneman from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Scheuneman: So I was just wondering if you can talk about what percentage of the international business pork exports are? Is that less significant now with the Fremont sale? And I'm just wondering if that will help offset some of the cost pressures we're seeing in the port business because some of the other pork producers are seeing increased margins year-over-year in their pork export business?
Jim Snee: Yes, so a couple of things there, Rebecca. Our transaction with the Fremont facility really has no impact on our ability to supply the international export pork business. I mean, it's still an important part of the overall portfolio. And so when it's down to the extreme that it was this quarter, it impacts the overall business and so obviously we've been in a very intentional, very focused on our ability to grow our multinational businesses, both in China and Brazil. And so we, of course, we've got our plant expansion, our new plant in Jiaxing to support that growth in country put in our first ever SPAM production line that we own outside the United States. And so, I mean that's really what we're focused on in terms of our international business and over time our goal is for our pork exports to become less and less meaningful, and less and lesser part of our international business.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay. So you don't expect that a material impact your results for the back half of the year even as those margins improve, it really won't impact anything?
Jim Sheehan: I mean it depends, right. And obviously we've got the impact of ASF but you've also got tariff issues still. I mean, there's still a lot of moving parts. So it could still have an impact on our international group. But again, it's really hard to tell at this time.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to today's presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Well, I want to thank all of you for your participation today. Obviously, we've covered a lot of ground and talked a lot about the uncertainty that exists in the marketplace. But through all of the uncertainty that exists in the marketplace, as I mentioned earlier, I've never had more confidence and faith in our team, our business and our strategies and their ability to continue to deliver key results for our company. I want to wish you all a safe Memorial Day weekend. And thank you for your time today.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-02-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods First Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, February 21, 2019. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Annis.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 A.M. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investor section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of each segment's performance for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2019. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and further assumptions relating to our outlook. The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 A.M. today, Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 888-254-3590 and the access code is 1445918. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 7 through 9 and 28 through 30 in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended October 28, 2018 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. As a global branded food company, we remain focused on our formula for success which includes building strong brands, developing innovative new items, making strategic acquisitions, and creating intentional balance. This time-tested strategy continued to serve us well this quarter as improvements in our branded value-added businesses once again, offset significant declines in our commodity businesses. We will continue to be intentional about shifting our portfolio away from commodity products and the associated earnings volatility. Our efforts in brand building continue to pay off as retail brands like SPAM, Denti Moore, Mary Kitchen Hash, Hormel Bacon toppings, Wholly Guacamole, Herdez, Hormel Pepperoni, Natural Choice, Columbus and Applegate, all showed solid growth this quarter. Our brands have a number one or number two share in over 40 categories, that is up from 35 a year ago. As you think about the footprint of a retail outlet, there aren't too many places where you won't find a brand or a product owned by Hormel Foods. Our food service business remains robust both domestically and in China. Growth this quarter was led by brands such as Old Smokehouse, Hormel Fire Braised, Jennie-O and Skippy. Our products continue to solve for the challenges faced by operators around the globe. With exciting innovation pipelines, retail brands such as Natural Choice, Skippy, Justin's and Applegate; we'll continue to deliver innovation to the marketplace at a faster cadence than ever before. We continue to be very optimistic on key innovation in food service as well with brands like Fire Braised, and Hormel Bacon 1. This was the first quarter we had sufficient production capacity of Hormel Bacon 1, fully cooked Bacon at our newly expanded Wichita Kansas plant. Our strategic acquisition of Columbus Craft Meat, and the subsequent creation of our new Hormel deli solutions division within refrigerated foods is delivering on our commitment to help retailers create the deli of the future. In addition to the very strong financial performance, I'm also incredibly proud of the work the deli group and all supporting integration functions have done in the past year to put Hormel deli solutions in a position to outperform our expectations this quarter. Finally, our focus on intentional balance was evident as earnings growth in refrigerated foods international and Jennie-O more than offset a decline in grocery products. Looking at the first quarter, we delivered earnings per share of $0.44, a 21% decline compared to last year. Recall that last year's results included a large one-time benefit from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We grew pre-tax earnings by 1% as three of our four segments delivered earnings growth. Three segments also delivered sales growth resulting in increased sales of 1% on volume growth of 1%. Refrigerated foods grew sales 2%. As I previously mentioned, our new Hormel deli solutions division delivered excellent results led by Columbus branded items and Jennie-O Premium deli meats. Our growth in the deli channel was balanced as all three focused areas; grab and go, prepare foods and behind the glass showed improvements for the quarter. Refrigerated foods grew earnings 3% even as commodity profits declined 70%; this represents a fourth consecutive quarter in which branded value-added product growth has more than offset a dramatic decline in commodity profits. And there are two brands that are playing an important role in the performance of refrigerated foods. The first brand is Hormel Pepperoni. Over the past few years, we have increased the media spend on this brand and our consumers are responding. According to IRI, our baseline volumes are up 10% in the past quarter. Hormel Pepperoni has also generated a compound annual growth rate over the last three years of 2% as we continue to gain new points of distribution. Like our iconic SPAM brand, Hormel Pepperoni is another example of how we can continue to grow a 100-year old brand. Next, the Applegate brand. We have known for quite some time that there was an opportunity in both food service and value-added fresh pork to leverage this market-leading brand. The combined team of Applegate, Hormel Food Service, and the Hormel Fresh Pork Group have been able to make excellent progress in expanding the Applegate brand beyond their current product lines. In food service, we are making inroads with colleges and universities, healthcare facilities, and other key customers and lodging. We are also starting to sell value-added fresh pork items allowing us to improve the efficiency of our natural and organic raw material supply chain. Grocery products sales increased 1% on a 3% volume increase. Brands such as SPAM, Denti Moore, Mary Kitchen Hash, Hormel Bacon Toppings, Herdez and Holy Guacamole generated excellent sales growth. The gains in these brands offset declines in contract manufacturing. Segment profits declined due to the effect of a non-operating tax benefit in our MegaMex joint venture last year. We also had a legal settlement this quarter, which compensated us for lost profits and offset part of the tax benefit last year. International sales increased 2% on volume growth of 1%. The SPAM and Skippy brands showed solid growth this quarter for both our export business and in China. Our business in China grew many product lines including refrigerated retail and food service products, SPAM lunch and meat and Skippy peanut butter. Our launch of the SPAM brand in China is exceeding expectations and our in-country team continues to make excellent progress growing households and points of distribution. International segment profits increased 1%, the progress we made in branded exports and in China exceeded the steep declines in fresh pork exports. Global trade uncertainty continued to impact our fresh pork exports. Jennie-O Turkey store volume sales and profits were flat for the quarter. We saw solid sales growth from our food service and commodity divisions, but those gains were offset by lower retail sales. We are starting to see incremental improvements in the Turkey industry, driven by lower pork placements and lower cold storage levels. We have yet to see meaningful improvements in commodity prices. During the quarter, we issued to voluntary recalls for lean ground turkey due to the presence of Salmonella ready. This resulted in a 10% decline and scanned retail sales volume of lean ground turkey during the quarter. The issue of Salmonella isn't new and it is an industry issue. We plan to continue our leadership role in the effort to reduce Salmonella and to educate consumers on how to safely handle and prepare raw turkey. Even though we experienced the rebound in sales after the recalls and have confidence in the long-term growth of lean ground turkey, we are being very conservative on our sales outlook. Additionally, the extreme cold weather this winter will adversely impact raw material costs in the next two quarters. We will continue to focus on improving our turkey supply chain and investing in the Jennie-O brand. But because of these recent events, we expect Jennie-O Turkey store to fall below the plan we had for them this year. We are encouraged by the outlook for refrigerated foods, grocery products, and international. We expect deli food service and our China business outperform our expectations. As we announced on Tuesday, we signed a definitive agreement to sell the CytoSport business to Pepsi. The CytoSport team should be pleased with the gains being made in the innovation space with the creation of the evolve product line, muscle milk bars, and multiple new flavors and formats for the muscle milk product line. The team also generated nice growth in the food drug and mass channel. However, it became apparent that Pepsi was the right long-term owner of this business given their expertise and scale in the beverage space. Pepsi has been a long-standing distribution partner or CytoSport and the muscle milk brand which puts them in a strong position to grow this dynamic business. Jim Sheehan will provide more information regarding the financial details of the pending transaction. We are reaffirming our full-year earnings guidance at $77 to $91 per share and our sales guidance at $9.7 billion to $10.2 billion. This does not include any impact from the pending CytoSport transaction. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan, to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter and key assumptions for the remainder of fiscal 2019.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Volume net sales and pre-tax profit for the first quarter were up 1% compared to 2018. Volume was £1.2 billion with growth primarily coming from grocery products. Net sales of $2.4 billion and pretax profits of $307 million resulted from the strong performance of value-added products in refrigerated foods and international. Net earnings for the first quarter were $241 million down 20% compared to last year. Earnings per share were $0.44 down from $0.56. First quarter earnings in 2018 included a better set of $0.12 per share related to tax reform. Results were negatively impacted by $0.02 per share related to the sale of the Fremont facility. Expenses included the cost to move value-added equipment out of the facility and various pension-related items. These expenses were recognized and net unallocated expense. SG&A, excluding advertising was 6.6% of sales compared to 7.7% last year. The decline was due to a benefit of $0.02 per share from a legal settlement. This settlement was primarily recognized and net unallocated expense and the grocery products segment. Advertising for the quarter was $39 million compared to $40 million last year. Advertising investments are expected to remain consistent with our prior guidance as we support brands such as SPAM, Hormel Pepperoni and Wholly Guacamole. Equity in earnings declined reflecting the impact of a MegaMex non-operating tax benefit last year, and lower earnings from international joint ventures. Operating margins were 13%, unchanged from last year. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 21.3% compared to 0.6% last year. The increase was primarily due to deferred tax re-measurements in 2018 as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act. The effective tax rate for 2019 is expected to be between 20.5% and 23%. For the quarter, capital expenditures were $39 million compared to $54 million last year. We anticipate full-year capital expenditures to be $350 million. We paid our 362 consecutive quarterly dividend effective February 15 at an annual rate of $0.84 per share. A 12% increase over the prior year. Share repurchases for the quarter were $45 billion, representing 1.1 million shares. We will continue to repurchase stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises and based on the internal valuation. As expected, hog supplies have increased and domestic pork prices have declined due to the abundant supply of protein on the market. Based on the supply structure, after the sale of Fremont, less than half of pork raw materials will sourced from the Austin harvest operation. This structure reduces the impact of hog costs on the business. Commodity profits in refrigerated foods declined 70% due to higher contracted hog costs. The sale of the Fremont plant did not materially impact commodity profits this quarter. Loaded hog markets were down 19% while the USDA composite value declined 12%. Both markets were down significantly relative to the five-year average. Hormel's hog cost exceeded the market due to a higher mix of frame-based contracts used during the quarter. Belly prices and beef trim were flat compared to last year while 72% pork trim prices declined 27%. Industry data shows improvement for turkey. Both placements continue to be lower and breast meat cold storage has declined. Recipe prices were 36% ahead of last year but remained below the five-year average. Big costs were up slightly in the first quarter. Our outlook for input costs remain unchanged with continued volatility due to global trade uncertainty related to African swine fever and tariffs. Regarding the CytoSport transaction, the purchase price is $465 million subject to adjustments at closing. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter. Sales in 2018 were approximately $300 million with operating margin slightly below the total company. We expect a sale to impact ongoing earnings by approximately $0.03 to $0.05 per share for fiscal 2019. We expect a gain on the sale of $0.06 to 0.12 per share in the second quarter. Combined, the full-year estimate is expected to be a net $0.02 to $0.09 gain. Current guidance of $77 to $91 assumes no impact from the sale of CytoSport. We will update the impact of the sale and guidance after the sale is final. This quarter we started project Orion, a strategic initiative that will streamline and transform how we operate as a global branded food company. Hormel Foods currently runs multiple and independent on-premise support systems. The goal is to create a unified oracle cloud-based platform that brains the conveniences and technology of our everyday lives to the business environment. Our supply chain and HR teams will benefit from integrated systems with new capabilities. The finance organization will benefit from the transition of the on-premise oracle financial system to the Oracle cloud-based platform, including the use of robotic process automation. Systems will be simplified and modernized, giving our teams the actionable and timely data needed to derive deeper analytics and gain insight into our business. This project will generate efficiencies across our entire company and represents the next step and the execution of our long-term growth strategy. Our phased approach will allow us to see benefits this fiscal year and in future years. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator or the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Lavery : You've talked about the value-added portion of the portfolio being a driver for growth, and yet you've also said that you're holding your advertising spend constant. How should we think about your brand building? And as that becomes not only a bigger part of the portfolio, but a bigger part of the growth, why wouldn't you think about increasing your marketing levels?
Jim Snee: Michael, I mean the way we think about it is there's a lot more to brand building than just advertising. Certainly, that's a key part of it. But as when you think about how we align price, promotions, advertising, what's the right assortment and then also just improving efficiencies as we're dealing with customers, retailers, I mean those are all very, very important and we feel very comfortable with our spend levels across our brands and are very confident that the spending levels that we have are enough to support our strategy of increasing the value-added portfolio. So it is more than just advertising. 
Michael Lavery : Would it be right to say that you might have with the Deli group a little bit higher selling costs, but that that's also one another lever that isn't obviously advertising?
Jim Snee: Well, I mean we have a direct selling organization in the deli space, which you would assume is a higher cost, but certainly from our perspective, more efficient and more important selling organization. It's an approach that we use across our food service business, our consumer product sales division, and now with the creation of our deli solution. So it's an important part also of all those things that we talked about, the price promotion, advertising, assortment, the salesforce is critical to our success in deli as well. 
Operator: And next we'll go to Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group.
Eric Larson: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for the question. Just a quick, maybe I missed this; this is probably for Jim Sheehan. Jim, did you quantify the amount of the insurance gain in the quarter? I mean it looked like your unallocated corporate wasn't hugely different year-over-year. And where would that number have gone into? Would it be in grocery or how would that show up?
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Eric. The legal settlement, we quantified to be about $0.02, now I would point out that that's a gross number. We did incur expenses during the quarter two regarding this issue when there was some loss profit in the quarter. The impact on grocery products was less than $0.01, which is where we split up between grocery products and net unallocated. 
Eric Larson: So it's kind of a split in between all that. Okay. And then I know this might be sort of a more of a specialized question, but in your prepared comments, you mentioned that you were seeing some higher costs due to cold weather here. A lot of snow in the Midwest. I think in Jennie-O. Back five years ago when we had that issue you basically run your goal of houses with LPs I recall. And you were at that time going to start making an effort to try to get as much natural gas into some of those facilities, etcetera. Where do you sit on that and is LP still of a higher cost item, is that an issue yet for running your girl on houses in your turkey division? 
Jim Snee: Eric, it's not an issue. And we made good progress around natural gas, but obviously there's still some LP in the system. Really the bigger issue was getting birds into the facilities. And so, we've been in the middle of this polar vortex that everyone's talking about and so it has been problematic just really from getting the birds into the facilities. That's what we're talking about.
Jim Sheehan: Eric, I want to follow-up on your question. And you also asked where we would have been with SG&A without these adjustments. Remember last year we also had a transaction in the SG&A. If you look at our SG&A be down slightly from last year when you take off your adjustments.
Operator: And next will go to Heather Jones with Vertical Group.
Heather Jones: So first, just a quick question on CytoSport. So when you update your guidance, I want to make sure I understood. So it would be estimated $0.03 to $0.05 diluted to ongoing earnings, but then there would be a gain on sales. So when y'all update your guidance once a transaction closes, are you going to include that gain on sales? Like, so should we expect your guidance to go higher?
Jim Sheehan: Yes, we will give you guidance based on GAAP numbers but we will make it clear enough so that you will understand how much the gain on the sale is. 
Heather Jones: And then going back to Jennie-O; I was on another call and I think I missed some of this commentary, so I apologize for making you repeat. But the reduction and your guidance as well as the week are showing in the quarter, how much of that was due to weakness and the more commodity, the hand part of the business and how much of it was related to lower demand because of the recall?
Jim Snee: Heather, the quarter was actually shaping up to be a good quarter for us. Then we did have the recalls and then as we talked a little bit about the polar vortex, but food service had a good quarter. Our commodity sales were positive. As a reminder, we did move Jennie-O deli turkey to refrigerated foods and we had a good quarter there. It really was the retail lean ground business and that was impacted as we said down 10%. We did see some spill over into other products. So I mean the recall really is what set us back for the quarter.
Operator: And next we'll go to [indiscernible] with Oppenheimer.
Unidentified Analyst: So first one had asked you about some of the pricing changes that you guys have made over the past few quarters. I was curious how they've played out versus your expectations and whether you've seen the expected volume impact associated with those pricing changes. 
Jim Snee: Sure. Probably the closest in a more CPG like pricing we've taken was on Hormel Pepperoni and the volume has actually exceeded our expectations. We talked a little bit in our prepared comments about the success that we've had with that 100-year-old brand, that 100-year-old business. So, having the number one number two brands certainly gives us a lot of brand power and pricing strength. And so if that has played out, if he called back a little further, we had taken some increases across our grocery products portfolio. And again, those all exceeded our expectations. So we feel good about where we are in a pricing environment right now right now Rupesh [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: And then second question on the commodity profit decline that we saw in refrigerated foods, I was just curious if you can just give us any thoughts in terms of how you're thinking about this hand wind for the balance of the year.
Jim Sheehan: The biggest impact on the profitability was the hog costs. We buy hogs on a variety of formulas including the Western cutout, the Western corn belt cutout and grain-based formulas. The grain-based formulas were significantly a higher cost formula then the Western corn belt or other programs right now. So we will see some increase in the hog cost as we go forward. We think we'll see some recovery in the market so that the difference between the programs won't be as great as they were in the first quarter. You're starting to see them even out a little bit as we've gone into the second quarter, if that helps.
Operator: And next we'll go to Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: I guess, first, I want to just make sure I'm understanding on the outlook and the different pieces, what has changed and any order of magnitude kind of for how much the Jennie-O outlook has been trimmed. And if you could dissect that between costs, kind of weather impacts and lower retail sales, that'd be helpful. And then just the other businesses to offset to keep the full-year outlook unchanged was trying to make sure I understand the magnitude of the different pieces.
Jim Snee: Adam, so I think what we would tell you is the outlook for Jennie-O Turkey store we're now moving that to our flat to slightly down, and the other businesses that we talked about that are really going to show growth or overperform, we talked about the deli business, which is off to a great start in the first quarter food service continues to deliver and then a success that we're seeing in China. So, we have the right offsets there to maintain the guidance for the full year. As you get into some of those more maybe specific questions, you might want to take that offline with Nathan and he can probably add some additional color for you.
Adam Samuelson : And then as a follow-up, I'm just trying to get an updated since on how you're planning for the impact of ASF across both your Chinese business and your U.S. business over the balance of the year number of cases continues to grow, could start having them more meaningful impact on hog in pork prices in China as you move through the year would guess it was a benefit this quarter and just how that progression lays out, it would be helpful.
Jim Snee: Sure. We expect it to have a positive impact in future quarters as well. There's available meat in China as a result of ASF and it is at competitive prices. And we are being very strategic and intentional on the supply side of the business. That'll carry us through just about the balance of the year. So we feel really good about the input cost side of the China business. But I will tell you the other side of the story is the sales side. So really seeing the growth and the refrigerated retail, refrigerated foods service, the Skippy business, the continued implementation of our SPAM presence there, all of those are going really well. You know, when you think about the rest of the globe clearly like everybody else, we're monitoring the situation and closely. It's really too hard to say. So for us really it's that focus in China and controlling the thing that right now we can control and we feel like we're in a really good place.
Adam Samuelson : But is it fair to say as you move -- if you move later in the year and you start to see an impact on pork prices in the U.S. that would be potentially an offset? 
Jim Snee: I mean, it's hard to say. I mean, if you go back to what happened during PEDB, you're going to have a lot of moving parts. And so we don't want to get out too far ahead of ourselves. Clearly, we could have some benefit. We talked about the steep decline in our international exports. We could have some benefits there. So, I hear what you're saying, but it's still too early to give a good read on that situation. 
Operator: And next we'll go to Thomas Palmer with JP Morgan.
Thomas Palmer: I wanted to first kind of ask on the balance sheet following the sale of CytoSport, you're approaching a net cash balance. I know you can't get too specific, but any color on the M&A pipeline and also where you have the internal bandwidth to take on new businesses, I would assume, for instance, the daily operations have a good bit on their plate already.
Jim Snee: Yes, that's a fair assessment, Thomas. Where continue to be very, very active looking for impactful M&A the areas that we've talked a lot about our desire to continue to add on to our very strong food service presence. We have capacity in our international business to do more. And then I think even in our domestic grocery products segment, we believe that with some of the M&A activity that's taken place, they'll probably be some carve outs. Then we also want to be very intentional about our ability to expand our MegaMax business. That's a business that's done really well for us. It's on trend and we'd love to get bigger faster there. So we've got a number of different places where M&A can fit and we are being very, very active.
Thomas Palmer: And I had a quick follow-up on the ASF situation. So my understanding, you mentioned that kind of near term supply was being aided, I guess in part because you have farmers kind of pushing forward slaughter for some of their hogs. But I guess I was a little surprised that you thought that that would endure for much of this year. How long can that kind of excess supply linger in China? Maybe at what point do you think it kind of reverses? 
Jim Snee: So, I don't know how long the market will last. I guess what I was saying in terms of our position on what we have in our supply chain to secure our business for the balance of the year. I have not received an update or an outlook on what that looks like in China, but I will tell you that we feel good about our own supply chain to support our business through the balance of the year.
Operator: And next we'll go to Robert Moscow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moscow: I have a couple of questions. One is on Skippy. I noticed you didn't mention it in your press release as a brand that grew. You also indicate that you were up and your biggest competitor has had some real big market share declines and now they announced in price cuts. Can you give us an update on what's happening with Skippy and how you might have to react to your competitor or lowering price? And then I had a question on cash flow. Cash flow was strangely down a lot in first quarter. It looks like there's something going on the working capital side. Can you give us a little more color on that? 
Jim Snee: Sure. I'm going to let Jim Sheehan handle the cash flow question first, Rob and I'll follow up on Skippy.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Rob. The big impact from the operating cash flow was the fact that this year our hog producers did not defer as much of their payments into the next year. Last year, there was an extremely large amount of deferral, even into the second and third quarter of their payments from the hogs that they had delivered the prior year. That was down drastically this year. And that's the impact that you're seeing in the operating cash flow.
Jim Snee: It's more of a timing issue there, I think.
Robert Moscow: Got it. Okay.
Jim Snee: Let's talk about Skippy. Your first question or comment and we didn't talk about it, obviously we had a laundry list of brands in our prepared comments that we did talk about. So, Skippy certainly would have had a place in that list of brands because we have continued to see growth. As you mentioned, over the last 12-52 weeks, we've maintained our share, we're actually seeing some growth while the number one or share leader is down slightly. Clearly, there's growth in the private label space. From our perspective, we're a bit disappointed with the competitive dynamics. We knew this was coming and we are in the process of responding accordingly. We've been here before, we had a similar situation several years ago. I believe that we emerge out the other side as a stronger brand and a stronger business. And I would just say when it's all said and done, we do believe that the brand matters. The brand is important and that really trying to compete with private label on price is not a winning strategy over the long-term. But make no mistake about it, our teams understand what happened. We're in the process of reacting low respond accordingly. And in that response will be our continued focus on innovation. We've talked a lot about taking peanut butter out of the jar since we acquired the business. And we've done that with Skippy Fruit bites. Different formats. And now of course, we're in the midst of introducing our Skippy PB and J-minis, which just starting to roll out. But again, early reads are very positive. So, they're really good about the business. They'll really good about the brands and we'll manage through this situation as appropriate.
Robert Moscow: Your tone on Skippy sounds more negative than on CytoSport. Maybe I'm misreading the tone, but what's happening with [indiscernible]?
Jim Snee: Well, let me clarify that. That was not intended, the tone should be positive.
Robert Moscow: But looking forward, are there retailers expanding shelf space for private label? Is that the problem that's hurting the category?
Jim Snee: Well, I mean I think as you look at points of distribution and what's happened with private label, what's happened to the number one leader, I think there's a direct correlation. What I would tell you is we've held our own in terms of points of distribution, which has really allowed us to maintain that share and deliver growth. So I mean, that's why. Again, I just want to reiterate, the tone is not negative, Rob. The tone is very positive about Skippy and the things that we have going on, the pipeline of innovation; we feel really good about the business.
Operator: And next we'll go to at Jeremy Scott with Mizuho.
Jeremy Scott: I just want to ask about the other question. The advertising levels. I mean I know CytoSport is excluded from earnings guidance for the moment, but does your advertising guidance reflect the fact that business will be gone? I know you had plans to support sales in 2019 but presumably you no longer have any plans, marketing investments in the second half baked into your guides or is it all kind of rolled up into that three to five going number?
Jim Snee: So, Jeremy, right now the guidance that we've given just assume business as usual. So everything is still in that number. When the deal closes, we will provide updated guidance and clarity or around the business. 
Jeremy Scott: Got it. Okay. On the refrigerated foods volume down 1%, first, is that an organic number? In other words, does that include the sales transfer from Jennie-O in the quarter? And if it is, can you unpack that number between the ongoing strategic harvest reductions and just the general demand environment? 
Jim Sheehan: Sure. Jeremy, the biggest cause of the reduction in sales had to do with the harvest production. And you are looking at life numbers, so both the prior year and current year have the adjustment of deli going into refrigerated foods. Just going into refrigerated foods.
Jeremy Scott: Got it. Maybe just the last question, where are you with the $75 million in targeted savings and does the disposition of CytoSport change that guidance or change what you can achieve this year?
Jim Snee: Not all that much. I mean, we're still on target and working diligently to attain it. I mean, we're committed to that target. A lot of what we said in Q4 still holds true in terms of -- there is some near-term and long-term solutions the team is working on. I think the one thing that -- what will really help our team and Jim Sheehan mentioned it in our prepared remarks is this; this project O'Ryan and really putting in technology to modernize and optimize not only supply chain HR but a number of our different operations. So that is really going to help the team as well, so we feel good where we are from a supply chain perspective.
Operator: And next we'll go to Ken Zaslow the Bank of Montreal [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Just a follow-up on Rob's question; so in terms of Skippy side of it, you are going to hold steady and not react and focus more on brand building in innovation. Is that the expectation?
Jim Snee: No, not at all. I mean from our perspective Ken, I mean we have to A) digest what we heard, you've got to understand how it's going to impact retailer by retailer and we will respond accordingly. And so could it be aligning price promotions, increased advertising, I mean there is a lot of things there; so the idea of that we're just going to stand Pat [ph] and hope for the best is not at all correct. So we will respond accordingly but we will do in what's in the best interest of our business.
Unidentified Analyst: And you don't think the reaction is enough to change one way or the other way the outlook for your visitors. Is that a fair assessment? So basically, you say it is somewhat contained or that you can offset it with other parts of your business that would outperform; is that fair?
Jim Snee: I mean, I think so. I think the other thing is -- this is still really early, and we need to understand exactly how this is all going to flow through on the customer side of the business. It's one thing to say you're going to have a price reduction, it's another thing to see how that actually plays out; is it reflected on shelves our margins just are captured. So there are lot of variables here that we have to be on the looking.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then my bigger [ph] question is; can you talk a little bit about innovation pipeline for this year. Which are the key areas within the business that you will see acceleration and where do you think you're kind of just doing more modest stuff? That would be helpful, thank you.
Jim Snee: Yes, absolutely. I mean, so we've spent a lot of time and will continue to spend a lot of time on this -- the Skippy business, that's very important to us. We talked a little bit about the increased success that we're having an Applegate, and we're going to continue to spend our innovation focused there. A lot of work in our food service business; so we've had incredible success with a number of different items, and then we are spending time on our Justin's brand as well; so it's across a lot of our businesses. Some of the recent successes that we've had, we've talked about in our MegaMex portfolio with our Guacamole salsa, with natural choice snacks, stacks and wraps, I talked about Skippy with the launch of the PB&J minis; so these are items that are coming to -- that are in market but we've got robust pipelines backing up all of those brands, Ken.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Benjamin Theurer with Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer: So just to follow-up, two questions. First, in the refrigerated foods segment clearly you show that the segment profit was up nicely. Can you still quantify how much that had to do with the fact of being less integrated on the pork business and basically taking more advantage of the availability of fresh meat to put it into your prepared stuff into the bacon things and the Applegate products and so on? So that will be my first question. So how much of an impact did you see from having one plant left operated by yourself?
Jim Sheehan: The Fremont impact in the first quarter was fairly neutral. So when you look at the sourcing cost on the carcass value compared to the prices that we were paid in the comp cost to operate; the impact was neutral, but I would say that one of the areas that we will see a longer term gain is the ability to focus on the value-added products and not having the resources tied up with that commodity operation.
Benjamin Theurer: And then, one question I wanted to follow-up on the supply chain integration, the project you've been running. Can you update us on how you're doing there? Where you see maybe issues if you're on-track or not because I haven't found anything in your prepared remarks about the supply chain? You mentioned the project into technology and so on which has to do with it but an update of the status quo that would be much appreciated.
Jim Snee: Sure, Ben. As I said a little while ago; I mean, we're on-track and committed to the target we provided on the fourth quarter call. We do think that project O'Ryan will be a technology catalyst to help our efforts as well, and it is, there is a number of short-term things that were working on, we continue to work on freight-related issues thinking about network optimization, maybe structural changes. So, I mean the team continues to be hard at work and really the bigger message is we're committed to the $75 million.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Heather Jones with Vertical Group for a follow-up.
Heather Jones: I just had two quick questions. Wondering, Jim Sheehan, you had mentioned earlier that on the Hog -- on the pork side, part of the traction was having some grain related Hog contracts. I was wondering, did you say there was a greater proportion of those this year versus last year or was it just how the impact fell out? I mean, I guess I'm trying to think as we go further in the year and the thought is that supplies will tighten up as the year progresses; do you still have significant exposure to the western corn belt or you're much more heavily weighted to grain base now?
Jim Sheehan: Well, our exposure to the western corn belt and all of these contracts have decreased with the sale of Fremont. As we change the source of Hogs, as we close Fremont; there is going to be some short-term imbalance where we need some time to rebalance our contracts, as contracts come due and we renegotiate those contracts. So right now we have a heavier percentage of grain based contracts than we did last year at this time. And with the volatility that you've seen in the Hog prices, the grains obviously have not decreased in cost as the same rate as the Hog prices have, so that's creating the imbalance right now but we are actively managing our contracts right now that will adjust our supply base to a more balanced approach across all of those multiple formulas.
Heather Jones: A more balanced approach similar to what you had last year pre-Fremont sale?
Jim Sheehan: I would say pre-Fremont sales, I would -- the item that I'd take you to Heather is that it affects all of the free but -- the meat that we get out of Fremont is a carcass value; so we have to take that into account as we negotiate new contracts for Fremont or for Austin, I'm sorry.
Heather Jones: Okay. And then my second follow-up was on the bacon business; it seems like I mean bellies have clearly been very weak and understandably we're starting to see more promotional pricing in that category at retail. But from what I understand, you guys tend to be more capacity constrained there. So do you have any -- what are your thoughts about how the category is getting more promotional -- like how do you intend to respond?
Nathan Annis: Yes, I mean Heather we’ve talked a little bit about categories and revenue growth management so it is all of those things with pricing and promotion and advertising. So I tell you in our bacon business is still very healthy; both on the retail and food service side. We referenced our food services business, Bacon 1 in our prepared comments but the expansion of that Wichita Kansas facility also opened up some capacity on the retail side of the business for us. So, from a capacity perspective we're in a good place and we clearly understand all of the category dynamic center managing it very effectively to be able to deliver continued growth in that space.
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group for follow up.
Eric Larson : One other quick question, thanks for the follow-up. It's really related to CytoSport and I know that, you know Pepsi obviously distributed -- control all the distribution into the convenience channel but I do believe that you would hope that, that acquisition would also give you more exposure on a way to leverage that C store channel and I do believe that you feel you're under indexed in that sales channel. So how do you think about that channel going forward -- that maybe you didn't you know really receive much benefit from that. But to get exposure there, will you need to acquire to get in there or I mean how does the C channel mile resonate with CytoSport you know exiting your portfolio?
Jim Snee: Eric, I thank you know the convenience store channel in the service that Pepsi provided on the beverage side you know it was really going to be hard for them to take us anywhere else in the C store space. You know as we think about that channel, I mean we do quite a bit of business there on a number of different fronts you know we have our -- some of our mega mix portfolio is there in the grab and go space. C stores become more of an almost a traditional food service operator if you will. A number of our items with a number of customers are going into their commissaries to support that growth and we can do that through our food service organization. So between our food service organizations our efforts with our mega mix team. I mean we have an effort against the C store channel you're just not going to see Hormel products in the beverage cooler obviously but you know if you think back we did everything that we thought we were going to do when we acquired that business you know in terms of expanding distribution, did a really nice job with food, drug & mass. With innovation, what we did with our evolved brand with the bar business and in capturing synergies and then so what we did all those things I think that the bigger issue the key takeaway for us was that you know we didn't have control of that biggest part of that supply chain, so DST distribution and on the ready to drink manufacturing side. So really became more difficult to control your own destiny. And so we obviously evaluated our options and it's clear Pepsi's the best long term owner of that business so you know we have nothing to apologize for we feel really good about the business how we ran it when we had it and I think it'll be it'll be fun to see Pepsi really lean into that business now.
Operator: And that concludes today's question and answer session I'll now turn the call back over to Nathan Annis for any additional or closing remarks.
Nathan Annis: Yes, good morning. On behalf of the team here Hormel foods we want to thank all of you for joining us today and as always a big thank you to all of our team members around the globe for all of their hard work. With that on February 1, we were saddened by the news of the passing of Dick Knowlton, Former Chairman of the Board, President and CEO of Hormel Foods. We offer our deepest condolences to all of Dick's family, and want them to know that he will be remembered as a great leader, ambassador, and gentleman. Thank you for your time today.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-11-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Nathan Annis - Director of Investor Relations Jim Snee - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Sheehan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Thomas Palmer - JPMorgan Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Eric Larson - Buckingham Research Group Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Benjamin Theurer - Barclays Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Heather Jones - Vertical Group Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Tuesday, November 20, 2018. I would like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Annis.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our Web site at hormelfoods.com under the Investor section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jim Sheehan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of each segment’s performance for the quarter and our outlook for 2019. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and further assumptions relating to our outlook. The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan’s remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 AM today Central Standard time. The dial-in number is 888-254-3590 and the access code is 9962477. It will also be posted to our Web site and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statements. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to pages 35 through 41 in the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 29, 2018 for more details. It can be accessed on our Web site. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the Company’s fourth quarter and full-year operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with our GAAP results. Discussion on non-GAAP information in addition to reconciliations to GAAP results are detailed in our press release located on our Web site. We will refer to these non-GAAP results as organic net sales, organic volume, adjusted segment profit and adjusted earnings per share. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning everyone. Throughout the year, we made significant progress towards our long-term vision as a global branded food company. With an emphasis on brand building, innovation, acquisitions and intentional balance, our long-term approach allowed us to manage through difficult situations, such as commodity market volatility, increased freight and global trade uncertainty. This year was marked by many milestones. We made the largest acquisition in our Company's history with the purchase of Columbus Craft Meats, and we also successfully integrated both Columbus and Fontanini into our supply chain. We reinvested a record amount of capital back into our company to increase capacity and improve the efficiency. Major capital projects in 2018 included the Dold foods, pre-cooked bacon expansion and a highly automated Holberg facility. We also delivered many innovative new items to the marketplace, items such as Herdez guacamole salsa, Natural Choice snacks, Applegate Naturals products in the retail space and Fire Braised Flank Steak for food service customers. On our financial perspective, we delivered record sales, earnings and cash flows. 2018 also represented the 90th consecutive year of paying a quarterly dividend. Our strong financial results and confidence in the business allowed us to announce our 10th consecutive double digit increase in the dividend for 2019, which will mark our 53rd consecutive year of dividend increases. By many measures, 2018 was a success. Refrigerated foods made impressive contributions to our performance with significant growth coming from value-added brands in retail, deli and food service. However, there are areas of the business that did not meet our expectations. Jennie-O Turkey store had another difficult year as they manage through continued oversupply in the Turkey industry. And CytoSport had a disappointing year with declines in powder and single serve ready to drink product lines. We are taking appropriate actions in both businesses and expect a return to growth in 2019. Looking at the fourth quarter, we delivered record adjusted earnings per share of $0.51, a 24% increase.  Many brands and product lines across all four segments drove growth. This effort was led by the success in refrigerated foods and overcame significant commodity headwinds to deliver impressive results in all parts of their business. Our international team also delivered strong growth in the quarter, led by exports of branded products. For the total company, sales increased 1% on a 1% decline in volume. The sales increase was driven by our MegaMex joint venture and growth of branded products in refrigerated foods. The Fontanini, Columbus craft meats and Ceratti acquisitions met our expectations for the year and contributed to the increase for the quarter. On an organic basis, volume and sales declined 3% due to weakness in contract manufacturing and lower commodity market. Refrigerated foods grew volume 2% and sales 6%. Products, such as Applegate, Natural and Organic Meats, Hormel Natural Choice products, Hormel Fire Braised meats, and Hormel pepperoni, all delivered excellent growth this quarter. Sales also increased due to the Fontanini and Columbus acquisitions. A reduction in hog harvest volume of 3% drove an organic volume decline of 2% and organic sales decline of 3%. Pricing declined due to lower pork market. Refrigerated food was able to deliver 25% increase in profits even as commodity profits declined 31%. The team was able to offset higher freight costs and higher advertising investments. I am particularly proud of how the refrigerated foods team continues to shift the portfolio towards branded value-added products. International sales increased 7% on volume growth of 5%. We saw strong sales increases on branded exports of products such as SPAM lunch and meat and Skippy peanut butter. The addition of the Ceratti business in Brazil also drove the sales increase. International segment profit increased 7% in spite of lower fresh pork exports and increased freight costs. Lower SG&A expenses also contributed to improved earnings. Jennie-O Turkey store volume and sales declined 4%, primarily due to whole bird sales decline. As we mentioned on our last call, a portion of our whole bird sales were shifted to the third quarter to minimize cold storage expenses. Sales of Jennie-O lean ground Turkey and premium deli items showed sales growth this quarter. Segment profit declined 31% due to lower whole bird prices, increased freight and higher feed costs. Grocery products sales decreased 4% as strong volume and sales growth of Herdez salsa and Wholly Guacamole dips did not offset declines in our contract manufacturing business. Adjusted segment profit decreased 6% on lower sales and higher freight expenses. This year, we made excellent progress on our path forward that I laid out at our 2017 Investor Day. This included becoming a broader food company, expanding and accelerating food service, becoming a more global company, reducing volatility, divesting non-strategic assets and modernizing our supply chain. We will continue to execute against these initiatives in 2019. I anticipate a combination of external factors will impact our business this year. On one hand, we expect to benefit from lower pork input costs and a return to more normalized fundamentals in the Turkey industry. On the other hand, we expect continued inflationary pressure in addition to commodity market volatility. Our team's ability to focus on the controllable elements of the business will help us manage through these challenges. The quality and speed at which we are bringing innovation to the marketplace will be even better than it was in 2018. Our pipeline of innovative products will help us achieve our 15% by 2020 challenge. We made progress toward this innovation goal in 2018 as more than 14% of our sales came from products innovative in the last five years. In 2019, we expect continued growth from innovative products such as Bacon 1 fully cooked bacon, Fire Braised Meats, Natural Choice, snacks, taps and wraps and Herdez guacamole salsa. The start of fiscal 2019 is also the official beginning of our new Hormel deli solutions division, which combines all aspects of our deli brands and businesses into one group within refrigerated foods. As we outlined at CAGNY in February, this new division delivers an unmatched array of high quality deli and prepared foods offerings marketed and sold through a direct sales organization. We are excited to help retailers create the deli of the future. Looking at the segments for 2019, we expect all four business units to show sales and profit growth. The fundamentals in the Turkey industry are showing slow improvement with declines in placements and cold storage stocks. For the first time in over two years, we are seeing signs of consolidation within the industry. While we are encouraged by these factors, we continue to take proactive steps to restore the growth of this business. Our expectation this year is for a modest recovery in the turkey industry and earnings growth from Jennie-O Turkey store. Commitments to control costs, optimize the supply chain and investments in the Jennie-O brand will be important in 2019. Similar to 2018, we expect an increase in branded value-added sales and profits in refrigerated food. Growth will be led by our teams in food service, deli and Applegate. Gains in our value-added businesses are expected to once again offset a reduction in commodity profits. International is expected to have a strong year. Exports of branded products and gains in China and Brazil will offset continued declines in fresh pork exports. We see sales and earnings growth in grocery products coming from established brands such as spam and Skippy in addition to emerging brands such as Justin's, Wholly Guacamole and Herdez. We also expect a meaningful contribution from the Muscle Milk brand. Our supply chain is complex and for many years we were able to capture incremental savings through grassroots projects, known internally as best of the best. Since reorganizing our supply chain teams into one structure at the beginning of 2018, our teams have been thinking differently about ways to optimize procurement, manufacturing and logistics. In 2018, the team was able to capture over $70 million in savings through a focus on in-sourcing production, better asset utilization and more automation in our manufacturing facility, all while managing the sale of our Fremont plants and dealing with higher freight costs. These results speak to our culture of corporate and personal accountability. For 2019, our cost savings target is $75 million. Areas of opportunity cover the entire spectrum of our supply chain. We plan to use the savings to help offset inflation, reinvest into key brands and contribute to earnings growth. One macro factor we are continuing to watch closely is freight. We saw a double-digit increase in 2018, and we expect another large increase in 2019. We remain focused on finding mutually agreeable solutions with our customers and if necessary, increasing prices. Taking all these factors into account, we are setting our full-year earnings guidance at $1.77 to $1.91 per share and our sales guidance at $9.7 billion to $10.2 billion. This guidance reflects pretax and segment profit growth across all of our business units, driven by strong retail, food service, deli and international performance. As a reminder, we had a significant tax benefit in 2018 due to tax reform. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter and key assumptions for fiscal 2019.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2018 was a record year for sales and earnings per share, operating cash flow and dividend. Our financial strategy is aligned with our vision for the Company. The balance sheet is strong and capital allocation decisions support the long term growth strategy. Volume for the fourth quarter was 1.3 billion pounds, a 1% decrease compared to 2017. For the full year, volume grew 1%. In the fourth quarter, sales were $2.5 billion, a 1% increase. Sales for 2018 were $9.5 billion, a 4% increase. Net earnings for the fourth quarter were $261 million, up 20% compared to last year. Full-year earnings were $1 billion, also a 20% increase. Adjusted earnings per share for the full year were $1.89, a 20% increase. In the quarter, we recognized non-cash impairment of $17 million or $0.03 per share associated with the CytoSport business. The impairment was recorded in the grocery product segment. For the full year, SG&A excluding advertising was 7.2% of sales compared to 6.8% last year. The impact of acquisitions drove the increase. In 2019, we expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to decline as the company continues to focus on funding efficiencies throughout the organization. For the year, advertising was $152 million compared to $136 million last year. We continue to shift investments between advertising and trade to attain the highest return. In 2019, we plan to use advertising to support such brands as SPAM, Hormel pepperoni, Hormel Natural Choice, Columbus and Jennie-O. General corporate expenses increased in 2018, primarily due to higher employee-related expenses, including the universal stock option grant for all employees. For the full year operating margins were 12.6%, 140 basis points lower than 2017. Higher freight in all segments and whole bird declines at Jennie-O contributed to the decrease. We expect operating margins to improve in 2019. The full year effective tax rate was 14.3% compared to 33.7% in 2017. The decline was due to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed December 2017. The effective tax rate for 2019 is expected to be between 20.5% and 23%. In 2018, we generated cash flow from operations of $1.2 billion compared to $1 billion last year. The primary use of cash was CapEx, the acquisition of Columbus and dividends. Capital expenditures for the year were $390 million, including the expansion of value-added capacity at Dold and a highly automated whole bird facility. We anticipate capital expenditures to be $350 million in 2019. Major projects include the expansion of value-added capacity, investments to improve efficiencies and expanded automation in our plants. We paid our 361st consecutive quarterly dividend effective November 15th at an annual rate of $0.75 per share. We also announced the double-digit dividend increase. This was the 53rd consecutive year we have increased the dividend and the 10th consecutive year we have increased the dividend at a double-digit rate. We repaid the remaining short-term debt associated with the Columbus acquisition in the fourth quarter, ending the year with $625 million in total debt. We remain in a strong financial position to fund other capital needs given our low level of debt and consistent cash flow. Share repurchases for the full year totaled $47 million, representing 1.4 million shares. We will continue to repurchase factor offset solution from stock option exercise and based on our internal valuation. We continue to monitor supply and demand in the hog industry. We expect hog supplies to increase next year. Near-term volatility is heavily dependent on the progress of the new plants ramping up to full production. Domestic pork prices have declined due to an abundant supply of protein on the market. We expect this to continue into 2019. Lower protein prices benefit our value-added businesses. We expect exports to be up 3% to 4% in 2019. However, the African swine fever outbreak in China could impact U.S. pork exports.  Input costs for the fourth quarter were generally lower. Product prices were 16% lower than last year and well below the five-year average. We expect slight increases to hog prices next year. USDA composite values declined 9%. We expect USDA composite value to be lower in 2019. In 2019, our hard purchases our hog purchases will decline approximately 30%, reducing the exposure from the volatility of hog prices. When the Fremont sale is final, we will be purchasing all hogs from the facility is based on the USDA composite value. Included in our guidance is a decline in commodity profits due to the reduced harvest level and lower industry margins. Deli markets declined 11%, finishing below the five-year average. Overall, we expect modestly lower deli prices and continued volatility in 2019. 72% pork trim prices were 14% below last year. We expect trim markets to be lower in 2019, especially in the first half. 50% beef trim was 9% higher. We expect beef trim prices to be flat next year, compared to 2018. Feed costs were higher driven by soya meal. We expect feed costs to be higher in 2019. Industry data shows turkey pull placements down 3% over the last six months, cold storage of breast meat is 12% below 2017 but higher than the five-year average. Despite improvements in both key drivers, recovery remains low. Turkey commodity prices, including whole birds pressured Jennie-O results in 2018 despite higher breast meat prices. Whole bird prices were 15% lower than last year. The multiyear lows will persist through this calendar year. Whole bird prices next year will be impacted by Thanksgiving volume. Breast meat prices were 33% higher. We expect higher breast meat prices in 2019. As Jim discussed, we created a new deli division within refrigerated foods. As a result, beginning in 2019, we will report Jennie-O deli results within the refrigerated food segment. Actual deli sales and profits, including an allocation of supply chain profits, will be transferred from Jennie-O to refrigerated foods. The size of the deli business moving from Jennie-O to refrigerated foods is approximately $300 million in sales with margins in line with the Jennie-O segment. The Company will restate the segment results beginning in the first quarter of 2019. The sale of the three months plan to WholeStone Farms is scheduled to close in December. We will incur approximately $12 million of expenses in the first quarter to build value-added equipment out of the facility and various pension related expenses. In 2018, the team demonstrated an ability to manage through various market factors and volatility. We are confident in the plan for 2019 and our strategy for delivering long term value to shareholders. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator from the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Can you clarify a little bit how we should think about the supply chain savings? You've talked about 75 million, but it doesn’t seem like it includes any bigger more restructuring type savings. Is that something that should likely down the road or what's the right way to think about that?
Jim Snee: I think the best way to think about it Michael is we started-off the year saying the thing that we had to get right was the structure and the process, and making that we could indentify capture, validate and strategically reinvest the savings. So the team is thinking differently as we look to optimize procurement manufacturing and logistics. And certainly 2018 keen focus on labor, overhead, supply. Of course, let's not forget the fact that we put them in the middle of the freight increases and the Fremont divestiture. So they have a lot going on. 2019 we'll have some of the things. But I will tell you that they're also starting to pivot towards the bigger and more structural thing. So an example of that would be as the baseline for freight has probably shifted over the long-term is making sure that we have the most optimize network possible. And so what does that look like for a distribution center, how do we travel fewer miles over the long-term. So, yes we are getting to those bigger and more structural issues. But right now, it is a combination of some of the short-term and long-term things.
Michael Lavery: And your number for '19, could that have upside as you get into some of these projects later in the year or do you have a pretty good best amount of visibility and those will be further down the road?
Jim Snee: Those will be a little further down the road. I mean for us what is realistic so that we know disciplined and thoughtful, and we'll know more as we get closer.
Jim Sheehan: The other item I would add, Michael, is that $75 million we're talking about excludes any previously announced synergies that we have in our acquisitions.
Operator: And will take our next question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Couple of things on the guidance I was curious about. What is -- is that the sales guide is pretty lofty, especially in light of the fourth quarter numbers being below expectations, particularly on price. Can you give us a little more color on how you got there? And are you expecting some price recovery in the commodity markets in order to get there? And then secondly on the guide, you said that you thought hog prices would be up, but that the composite would be lower for '19, and how you've got that assumption as well?
Jim Snee: As we've looked across the different segments, we look at the sales guidance as realistic. When we think about grocery products coming off a weaker Q4 and really the driver there was the fact that we did have some incremental sales in Q4 of '18 -- we didn’t have in 18 that we did have in '17, but we think we're set up really well because the baseline for our GP business are very healthy. So heading into 2019, we expect that business to show mid single digits growth. Refrigerated foods, it’s a lot more the same in terms of the value-added growth that we expect to see. We’re not expecting anything crazy and JOTS. I mean we've got low single digit increase there, which we believe is very achievable. And then our international growth on the top line is really in line with our historic expectations of high single-digit. So do believe the guide on the sales is very realistic and achievable, and maybe I'll ask give you little more color on your other question.
Jim Sheehan: We expect the hog industry to be similar to the structural makeup of 2018, including the supply growth and the volatility based on the capacity coming online. Hog prices right now are low we expect them to be up in the low single-digits. Regarding the spread, we expect the higher supply, the beef that will be available because of the additional capacity coming online while lower the commodity prices, including we expect delis and trimmed hog to be down in 2019.
Robert Moskow: And have you put any assumptions for China's hog herd disease issues, and what that might mean for American exports? Is that a positive or negative or too soon to tell?
Jim Sheehan: It's really too soon to tell. And I would tell you, Rob, we have limited African swine fever risk assumed in this plan, because of exactly what you said. It's a risk to the China business but potentially an opportunity for our pork export business. We do believe that if it is a risk to China that we'll be able to take some pricing in line with the rest of the market, but it s really too early to tell. But we're watching and it's certainly in our radar like I’m sure it is everyone else's.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Thomas Palmer with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Thomas Palmer: I just wanted to ask about the first quarter set up. In the past, you provide some commentary and the queues around the call and how you’re seeing margins or EBIT overall trend across the different segments. I was hoping you could provide that here again on that first quarter set up?
Jim Snee: Yes, so we haven’t really done so much by quarter. Last year, we talked a little bit about JOTS just because of the very unique situation we were in and the recovery was heavily skewed to Q2. I would tell you or I would guide you to the couple of things that we have called out for Q1 that will impact the business as we did have the benefit last year of a mega tax credit and then you heard in Jim Sheehan's comments the fact that we will have some Fremont closing expenses in Q1. So obviously, we're going to have that as a headwind early in the year.
Thomas Palmer: And then just to follow-up on that on the Muscle Milk side, you mentioned meaningful contribution for the year. Is that both top and bottom? And can you maybe talk about what you're already seeing in that business in terms of its inflection?
Jim Snee: So that would imply top and bottom line growth from the Muscle Milk business. And again we've talked about several different components the part of the business that has grown throughout the year and continues to show growth is really the take home or the multi-pack Tetra business. You've seen that in more food drug and mass as they expand out their sports nutrition category, that business has been healthy and will continue to be in 2019. We've seen recovery in the ready to joint space. So we saw growth in the back half of the year like we had said we would, and we expect that to continue in 2019. The area of the business that continues to be under pressure now is the powder business, and really the driver there is just that shift from the traditional brick-and-mortar specialty channel into more online business, and we have spent time and effort and resources building-up that muscle for that digital competency that supports the e-commerce business.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale : I wanted to ask about the Turkey business. Obviously, there has been some headwinds from the industry and the commodity pricing a little bit. Can you -- as you’ve gone through this cycle, which has been quite long. Can you talk about what -- maybe helps us dimensionalize the company specific issues cost wise that you think you can address going into next year. I mean when you go through a down cycle, I'm sure you tighten the belt a little bit more. But there was also some specific cost issues in your grow out division. So can you help us put into context where we are in turkey, genuine turkey margins and how much of the -- underperformance is industry versus company specific high-level?
Jim Snee: I think the key driver in JOTS is that we need better fundamentals in the industry. I mean that really is what is going to get us where we need the business to be. And so we've seen some of that happening, but we're still disappointed in the pace. And so we're looking into 2019, we are just projecting a modest growth. But in that modest growth, we know that we'll continue to outperform the industry. And so in some of the areas that Jim mentioned, Akshay, we continue to have a keen focus on security for our facilities to make sure we can avoid another avian influenza outbreak. We had talked about the work that we’re doing in the raise without antibiotics initiatives. And our team continues to make progress and they are making it more efficient and cost-effective. Clearly, they're impacted as much as anyone on the freight side of the business, and so that's not unique to them. And that’s really a companywide initiative on how can we find those mutually agreeable solutions with consumers, while still working in the long term to optimize our network. The other part is we see it as a business that continues to be on trend. We invested in the brands this year. We'll be reinvesting in the brand again in 2019, as we know, Turkey is on trend. And so we have to continue to outperform the industry, and we think the things we've done put us in a position to be point to accelerate our performance, our outperformance versus the industry.
Jim Sheehan: Akshay, one item that I would add is that we’re very excited about the new Melrose plant coming online in the spring. That’s a state-of-the-art plant that will really take our efficiencies to a new level. So that will, as Jim said, the business has outperformed the industry for a long time. This is going to allow us to increase that outperformance.
Akshay Jagdale : And just one follow-up on what Rob was asking about, but maybe in a different way. Looking through your segments, your business is so unique with the exposure to commodity meat prices that it's hard to really tell what's happening with full price. So can you at high level give us sense what you’re seeing pricing wise as it relates to freight cost being up and overall food industry inflation has picked up. And so we feel like all the companies are talking about taking pricing. But what's your take on where we are in that cycle? Are you finding more success now than six months ago? Or how would you characterize the environment?
Jim Snee: I think we’re no different than anybody else in that. We’re looking at all of these macro factors. So whether it's African swine fever, freight, tariffs, exports. It's clearly a dynamic situation. And we continue to look at it really on a category-by-category basis. And so refrigerated foods and JOTS are more market based, closer to the market. And so you do have pricing that will move a bit more frequently. GP pricing really is less market driven and impacted by the macro issues that we're talking about. And we took pricing obviously late '17 early '18, and we are looking at only categories by category basis. And we don’t just look at pricing. We’re taking that holistic view of each of our brands in each of our categories understands the levers in regards to trade, other revenue growth management initiatives, and obviously making sure we understand the corresponding projected elasticity. And I guess I would really look the fact that pricing has never easy, never has been so think it ever will be. But the fact that we have number one and number two brands also puts us in a very solid position to make sure that we are taking those leadership roles.
Akshay Jagdale : And just one last housekeeping one, the guidance for next year order of magnitude in terms of the profits that will be gone as a result of the three months deal. Is it roughly still -- I forget. But did you say $10 million? I mean, I know the costs are 12, but what's the profit contribution roughly that you are assuming will not be in the P&L next year?
Jim Snee: We discussed in the script that commodity profits would be down 40% from this year, and a major portion of that is the three Fremont plants, the sale of the Fremont plant but we also expect that those -- the margins on those or the spread on those hogs are going to decrease during the year. So I think it's a combination of both.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson : I think I know the answer to this, just want to make sure -- little follow-up on the guidance question but the expenses that you outlined, which will probably come in Q1, if the sales of Fremont happens in December. How much of those expenses are included in your guidance or not excluding, so you are -- that's a GAAP. I'm assuming it's a GAAP number. Is that a fair assumption?
Jim Snee: That's a fair assumption, Eric.
Eric Larson : And then the second question, which I wanted to follow-up on here is, we saw the impairment charge for CytoSport in the quarter. I think Jim talked a little bit about the issue of sales moving more toward the e-commerce side of the business. But is this a business that you're still putting a fair amount of advertising support behind it? Is that the only fix that you need? Or what else in the powder side and I think it's also still widely competitive. But what else needs to happen for CytoSport to get back on track?
Jim Snee: One of the things, Eric, that I called out was as those sales have shifted, we were behind the curve in terms of having the digital infrastructure that we needed. And so that has a big initiative for us and we feel like we're in a position now where we have the appropriate content and sales infrastructure that we need. From an advertising perspective, the team that we have in place has reallocated some of those advertising dollars into slightly different messaging, which we're finding to be highly effective. And so I think those were really two of the bigger things that we had to get done and we're well-positioned for 2019.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: I guess the first question in Jennie-O. I think you talked about modest profit improvement for fiscal '19. Can talk about the pass through a couple of here? I mean it would look like some of the market indicators are moving in the right direction in terms of breast meat pricing being above $2 in terms of pulp placements being down, competitor potentially shutting down early in the new year. And I guess still only calling for modest profit improvement. Can you help us think about the path to getting back to those mid-teens margins this business did pre-avian flu?
Jim Snee: I think you touched on this. It's really the fundamentals are moving in the right direction. I think the biggest issue there is really the disappointment in the pace. And so even though the trend in the last quarter was down for full placements, if you look at October, it was actually up a little bit. So I think we've got to stay on track with those fundamentals and see them accelerate. You're correct in regards to breast meat pricing. We see that as a positive. We see inventory levels coming down certainly as a positive but again, still at historically high level. So we need to see that accelerate. We will continue -- as we said several times, we will continue to outperform the industry and the things that we're doing behind the scenes really help us be in place to accelerate the outperformance, but to get back to truly more normalized levels, we need to see the fundamentals accelerate.
Adam Samuelson: And then my second question is over in refrigerated foods, the organic volumes in the quarter were down 2%, you attributed that to lower hog harvest levels. At what point does the organic volume trajectory in refrigerated disconnect from hog harvest. And just trying to think about layering in Columbus and Fontanini's as a glare into organic through the first -- through or after the first quarter. I mean at some point you should need to be growing this on the volume side the new capacity that you put in. I mean did that happen sooner or just help us think about the past actually started grow the volumes here organically?
Jim Snee: I think 2019 is the year that you will see that where it will be the investments that we've made in those businesses that are driving volume, sales and earnings growth. We see that across the board. We've been very intentional in terms of the investment to support value added business and 2019 is a year that you will see that really connect.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Benjamin Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Benjamin Theurer: Now a question on the deli business and you've mentioned you're going to move what you basically had within the Jennie-O Turkey up into the refrigerated foods segment. And you have nicely associated the sale volume, as well as the profitability. Now the question is for the whole restructuring and bringing that together. Are there any additional costs we should be aware of that you're going to encourage us by consolidating that business? And if you could share what is the size of the business if it's at some stage you would consider to actually spin it off from the refrigerated food segment and reported on a standalone basis just to get a little more magnitude of this business that would be my first question?
Jim Snee: In regards to the deli business, we don't have any other expenses that we're expecting in 2019 and beyond as we've consolidated this business. For us the bigger issues most of the work was done in 2018 really bringing all of these businesses together and integrating them behind the scenes, there was a lot of work that took place. And so as we've set-off into fiscal 2019 really being able to stand-up this organization and have them ready to go is exciting. In regards to the last part of your question, we've said it's about $1 billion business, and haven't really given any thought into splitting it and operating like that, because it is still closely linked and tied to refrigerated food. It makes perfect sense to have it there. And really the focus now is achieving and doing what we said we were going to do and making sure that it's A, our next growth engine and really helping retailers create the deli of the future and to capitalize on that opportunity.
Benjamin Theurer: So basically $1 billion that's what the $300 million that comes in from Jennie-O. Correct?
Jim Snee: Yes.
Benjamin Theurer: And then last on the international part, I mean clearly, their sales was -- strong driven. Could you give a little bit update on how the Brazil acquisition is doing, the Ceratti brand, how you’ve being doing, how the competitive environment has been doing? Because what I've seen is that at least in some of the prepared food side business, we've seen major competitors being relatively aggressive on increasing pricing. So wanted to get your exposure there and how you were able to benefit from that environment? Thanks.
Jim Snee: So the Ceratti acquisition has met all of our expectations. And as we said, it's really given us a great entry point into the Brazilian market. In 2018, we did take some pricing down there as I think there’re some macro issues around inflation but we've been able to successfully pass along pricing, a reminder that the brand is a premium value-added brand very well recognized by Brazilian consumers. And so it mirrors a lot of what we have here in the United States in terms of being a premium authentic high quality artisanal brand that resonates with consumers. And so business is meeting all expectations. We're in the midst of continuing to make sure we're innovating, adding capacity to capitalize on the growth opportunities that are down there.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeremy Scott with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott: So just wanted to clarify on refrigerated foods guidance being up next year so just want clarify, this includes the $15 million to $20 million in closing costs, which I think is what you estimated last quarter. It includes the estimated $10 million decline in commodity profits but it doesn't include the reconciliation of let's say $35 million, $40 million in JOTS business being reclassified into refrigerate food. So is your guidance implying that there's something in the range of $65 million to $75 million in organic operational improvements in fiscal 19?
Jim Snee: I think it's fair to say everything that you've talked about is included in the growth that we're looking for in 2019. I think the $12 million is going to be in general corporate, but it's reflected in our overall number. But I think the other the other elements that you’re talking about really are reflected in refrigerated foods, and it will be another strong year for them. Jeremy, I guess if there's any more specific detail that you need certainly Nathan can be available to give you those answers.
Jeremy Scott: But just want to make sure the Jennie-O reclassification is or isn’t included in your guidance, so refrigerate would've being up next year?
Jim Snee: So that is now -- the Jennie O business has shifted into our deli organization, which is now included in refrigerated foods. So we are essentially rebasing refrigerated foods to reflect that.
Jeremy Scott: And probably if you could expand on the pre-Fremont post-Fremont dynamic in refrigerate. I think you said commodity products would be done, hog harvest will be down but you’re getting your contract there would be no impact on volumes. So can you clarify what percentage of the tonnage that you will be buying from WholeStone under contract that will effectively be passed through, or in other words the profit that you don’t turn into value-added, the green hands and their equivalents? Could you just quantify that if possible? And then within that, are there products that you're going to be entirely passing through and will there be products that you don’t necessary add value on but you'll earn a spread, because you're locked into contract with a customer and you're getting capability there?
Jim Snee: So we will take all of the meat coming off of Fremont line. Some of that meat will go into our value-added products. Some would be sold as fresh pork. We retain all margins on fresh pork sales. So we’re purchasing the meat at the USDA composite carcass value. So the spread between the carcass value and the sale and either the retail or the provisions market belongs to Hormel. So we’re taking down our harvest by 30% and as we see it, this is with the additional capacity coming online, this is exactly why we made the move to sell Fremont and de-risk the refrigerated foods business and that is the structure.
Jeremy Scott: And then just maybe lastly on the 12% dividend hike into your provided guidance, so a solid acceleration in the payout ratio does not entirely off trend given what you've done in the past decade. But just curious what was the rationale for leaning into the payout in 2019? And should we be interpreting that as a recalibration, however, slight -- how you're thinking about M&A opportunities that maybe at your doorstep?
Jim Snee: I think the biggest driver, obviously, is the strong cash flows of our business, strong cash flows and clearly our balance sheet remains strong for the organization. This is consistent with what we've done over the last decade, so the strong cash flows but the optimism that we have in our business going forward. So as we head off into 2019 and beyond, clearly the dividend is one of the levers when we think about capital allocation but we are in a very, very strong position to make any acquisition that we think is appropriate and strategic for us.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Heather Jones with Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: A real quick on your comments on freight, so some of your -- some of the other companies in the industry are talking about not lower freight in '19 but honestly, more benign commentary on the outlook than what you articulated. So I was wondering if you could -- are you envisioning inflation similar to what you saw in '18 on the freight side.
Jim Snee: I think it's going to be a little lower than we saw in fiscal year 2018. We believe that there is still pressure but there's a bit more balance in the marketplace now that the freight lines have had time to work on, and certainly we've spent time working on it. So I guess I don’t want to overstate it but certainly it's a headwind in 2019. And again, it really goes back to this longer-term solution that our supply chain team is working on and what is the right network optimization for us.
Heather Jones : And then on advertising, so you guys had talked about 20% increase for '18, it came in below that and I think you made some comment about shifting it into other types of promotion that you found more effective. Could you help us -- give us the sense of what you're thinking about advertising dollars in '19 as far as year-on-year increase?
Jim Snee: So at the end of the first-quarter, what I've said was that we would increase our advertising and promotional spending in the neighborhood of 20%. And as you know, we were always working to find the highest ROI between all methods of brand support. And while advertising was significantly ahead of last year, good strong double-digit increase, it was below that 20% but we did see our trained dollars come in above plan by an equal amount. So we hit the number that we thought we would, and it does ebb and flow in terms of how we spend those dollars across brands and dollars. The real message here is that we're dynamically managing this brand support for the highest ROI, and we do a lot of time -- spend a lot of time around revenue growth management, pricing, trade, advertising all of those things. So we feel good with what we've said and what we ended up spending. And then we're going to have a fine increase in 2019. And in Jim Sheehan's comments, he talked about some of the brands where we'll be spending those dollars. We'll continue to support the SPAM brand who just -- they're coming off their fourth consecutive record year, and it's a brand that we know will respond well to advertising. We've spent a lot of time and effort and dollars under our Umbrella brand, Natural Choice, and of course the reinvestment in Jennie-O Turkey store business. So feel like our investments are giving us the returns that we need whether they're advertising or trade.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Just s couple things to clear up. Frank, can you give us a sense of what the dollar inflation was in fiscal '18, just to get a sense of the headwinds just all in all. Second bellies, belly prices I think started pretty low in the quarter and were rising. Were you hedged on belly, did you get a really strong bacon margin in the quarter? And do you expect that to ease off in first quarter, just because of the slope of the curve going higher. Maybe give us a little more clarity on what those bacon margins look like?
Jim Snee: The freight was $0.06 to $0.08 in 2018, belly markets as I said, we think that we will see volatility and we have seen volatility this year in bellies. We do not have a hedge on bellies right now. We still believe that they're going to be lower over the year. And I'll let Jim talk a little bit about the margins on the bacon.
Jim Sheehan: Our bacon business was very strong, and it ties into to my previous answer in terms of really where is the biggest ROI in terms of pricing or trade. And so we navigate through that. But I would tell you that we’re very pleased with bacon performance for the year, for the quarter, both top line and bottom line.
Robert Moskow : Last question, corporate expense it was like $60 million this year. I think it's twice as high as the year before. Should we expect it to be similar in fiscal '19? I didn’t catch that.
Jim Sheehan: Well, we'll have the $12 million from the closing of the Fremont sale in corporate expenses, so it won't be -- that will put pressure on increasing the corporate expenses.
Robert Moskow : So something in the mid-70s then, Jim.
Jim Sheehan: No, we don’t see them that high.
Operator: And there are no further phone questions, at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Jim Snee for any additional or closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Great, thank you. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, thank you to all of you for joining us today. To our team members listening in, thank you for all your tireless work that allows our company to be so successful in the marketplace. Your focus on delivering our key results and maintaining our culture of accountability will continue to make this company uncommon in the marketplace. Have a safe and happy Thanksgiving.
Operator: And this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-08-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Snee - Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer  Jim Sheehan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Nathan Annis - Director, Investor Relations 
Analysts: Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Eric Larson - Buckingham Research Group Rupesh Parikh - Oppenheimer Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Heather Jones - Vertical Group Farha Aslam - Stephens
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods third quarter 2018 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, August 23, 2018. I would like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2018. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:0 am Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investor section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jim Sheehan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of each segment’s performance for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2018. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results for the quarter and further assumptions relating to our 2018 outlook. The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan’s remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 am today Central Standard time. The dial-in number is 888-220-8451 and the access code is 8905023. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to pages 34 through 40 in the company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 29, 2018 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company’s third quarter operating performance by excluding the sales and volume impact of the acquisitions of Ceratti, Columbus Craft Meats, and Fontanini. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Please note during our call today, we will refer to these non-GAAP results as organic net sales and organic volume.  I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning everyone. We are pleased to report our team delivered record sales and earnings in the third quarter. Our company’s long-term growth formula is anchored in building brands, innovation, strategic acquisitions, and achieving balance across our portfolio. We take a consistent, long-term approach to our business decisions and strategy. Over the years, we have increased marketing investments in support of our brands. I am pleased to report those investments are paying off with growth both from established brands such as Spam and Skippy, and with emerging brands such as Natural Choice, Applegate, Jennie-O, Holy Guacamole, and Herdez. We are also delivering innovation to the marketplace at a faster cadence than ever before. Food service innovations such as Bacon 1, Fire Braised Meats, and Austin Blues continues to generate growth. Retail innovations like Skippy, PB Bites, Herdez Guacamole Salsa, and Natural Choice snacks are also making meaningful contributions to our results. Our recent disciplined and strategic acquisitions expand our presence in areas where we are a market leader, such as deli and food service. While it is early, I’m happy to report the Fontanini, Columbus and Ceratti acquisitions are meeting our expectations.  The final component of our long term formula is balance. This is why we made the decision last week to divest the Fremont harvest facility, which when complete will decrease our earnings volatility. Our long term strategy is sound and our experienced leadership team is executing this strategy.  We achieved record sales and earnings in the third quarter as we managed through foreign trade uncertainty, increased freight costs and commodity market volatility. We generated record earnings per share of $0.39, up 15% from last year. The benefit from tax reform also contributed to our record results.  Record third quarter sales were up 7% on a 5% volume increase. The increases were driven by the recent strategic additions of Ceratti, Columbus Craft Meats, and Fontanini, as well as growth from many of our brands across our entire organization. On an organic basis, volume was up 1% while sales were flat. Strength in key brands across our portfolio were offset by lower pork and turkey markets, which drove decreased pricing for the quarter. Third party consumption data continues to show growth across our portfolio in both center store and the perimeter of the store. We are pleased to see growth in household penetration this quarter from emerging brands such as Herdez, Natural Choice, and Jennie-O, and also from established brands such as Spam, Skippy, and Dinty Moore.  Grocery products had a solid quarter. We are pleased with the continued growth from our core grocery products portfolio as that team grew sales mid single digits. Brands such as Skippy, Hormel chili, Holy Guacamole and Herdez all delivered excellent sales growth this quarter. Total grocery product sales were flat due to declines in CytoSport and our contract manufacturing business.  Earnings grew 4% as our core grocery products portfolio continued to deliver excellent results and were able to offset declines in contract manufacturing, increased advertising investments, and increased freight costs. The team at CytoSport continues to work on improving their business results. While volume and sales declined, earnings grew for the quarter due to lower selling, general and administrative expenses. Our international segment delivered sales growth of 11% on a volume increase of 9%. Sales increased on stronger exports of Spam luncheon meat and Skippy peanut butter, favorable results in China, and the addition of the Ceratti business in Brazil. We continue to gain momentum in China as we grow distribution for our Spam family of products. International segment profit increased 9% despite lower fresh pork export earnings, higher advertising investments and increased freight costs.  Refrigerated foods grew volume 5% and sales 10%. In addition to strong value-added sales growth, the inclusion of the Fontanini and Columbus acquisitions also contributed to improved sales. A reduction in hog harvest volume of 4% drove an organic volume decline of 2% and an organic sales decline of 3%. Pricing declined due to lower pork markets year over year. We continue to grow our branded value-added volume and sales in the retail, food service and deli channels. Brands such as Austin Blues, Fire Braised Meats, Café H, and Natural Choice all showed strong sales growth in the food service channel. We have also successfully launched the Applegate brand into the food service channel as we work to introduce this leading brand to operators around the country. The Natural Choice and Applegate brands also generated excellent sales growth in the retail channel as consumers continue to search for brands that align with their lifestyles. On a segment profit basis, refrigerated foods value-added increases were able to offset a dramatic decline in commodity pork profits, higher freight costs, and higher advertising investments. Commodity profits were down 88% to near breakeven levels. This accomplishment speaks to the team’s ability to deliver results and to the long-term strategy of moving the portfolio away from commodity business toward branded value-added products. Jennie-O Turkey Store delivered strong volume growth of 14% and sales growth of 8%. Our three value-added businesses all grew volume and sales this quarter. Value-added sales growth was led by Jennie-O lean ground turkey, Jennie-O premium deli items, and the Jennie-O oven-ready products. Sales also increased due to earlier shipments of whole birds to minimize cold storage expenses. Segment profit declined 23% due to lower whole bird and commodity prices.  As we look to our fourth quarter, we expect to remain on track with our previous earnings guidance. We expect a strong finish to the year from refrigerated foods as they continue to grow value-added sales and profits while managing through commodity volatility. We anticipate the international segment to generate earnings growth in the fourth quarter given the positive momentum that team has with branded exports and improving business results in China. We do see risk from tariffs which could negatively impact fresh pork exports and the segment’s results. We anticipate a slight decline in earnings for grocery products. We expect to generate ongoing growth in the core center store portfolio while managing through continued declines in contract manufacturing.  For Jennie-O Turkey Store, we still expect earnings to decline in the fourth quarter compared to last year. We see fundamentals slowly improving and are encouraged by trends in the turkey breast meat market. We will not lap the declines in the whole bird business until calendar 2019 but expect our successful Make the Switch campaign to drive branded sales growth, including our lean ground turkey product line.  We continue to see double digit increases in per-unit freight costs. Our efforts to find mutually agreeable solutions with our customers are helping to offset a portion of this increase.  Taking all these factors into account, we are reaffirming our earnings guidance of $1.81 to $1.95 per share. We have lowered our sales guidance to $9.4 billion to $9.6 billion from $9.7 billion to $10.1 billion due to lower pork commodity markets.  Last week, we announced an agreement to sell the Fremont processing facility to WholeStone Farms. This was not an easy decision. The Fremont facility has been an important part of our company for decades and we are pleased to have found a home for this team and facility with WholeStone Farms. Fremont is a single shift operation. Given the changes in the pork industry, the facility will need additional investments to keep it competitive. I’m pleased to see that WholeStone Farms has committed to modernize the facility. This strategic decision right-sizes our pork supply chain, reduces our earnings volatility, and is aligned with our vision as a global branded food company.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the quarter, key assumptions for the remainder of fiscal 2018, and financial and operational details of the Fremont transaction.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning everyone. In the third quarter, we increased our investment into our business in the form of advertising, capital expenditures for our value-added products, and a universal stock option grant for 20,000 employees. The third quarter marked the completion of 90 consecutive years of quarterly dividends.  Our financial strategy and capital allocation decisions support the long term growth strategy that Jim discussed. Volume for the third quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, a 5% increase compared to last year. We generated record sales for the third quarter of $2.4 billion, a 7% increase. Net earnings were $210 million, up 15% compared to last year. For the quarter, SG&A expenses excluding advertising were 7.2% of sales compared to 6.9% last year. The impact of acquisitions drove the increase. Advertising investment was $40 million compared to $44 million last year. We are currently advertising key growth brands, including Skippy, Spam, Jennie-O, and Natural Choice. General corporate expenses increased primarily due to higher employee-related expenses, including the $4 million expense related to universal stock options. Expenses also increased $2 million due to tax-related services.  Operating margins were 11.1%, a 160 basis point decrease compared to last year. The decline is primarily a result of lower margins at Jennie-O and higher freight across the entire business. Our effective tax rate was 18.4% compared to 34.3% last year. We engaged a third party to review our deferred tax liabilities in light of changes from tax reform. As a result of this study, the quarter reflects reduced taxes of $8 million. A $2 million expense was recorded in general corporate to complete this study. Considering this event, we now estimate our full-year effective tax rate will be between 15% and 16%. This implies a fourth quarter tax rate between 21% and 24%. Year-to-date, we have generated operating cash flows of $743 million, up 40%. The increase was related to higher earnings and improved working capital. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $103 million compared to $42 million last year as we continued to invest in new production facilities and manufacturing capacity for our value-added businesses. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $400 million in 2018. In the quarter, we paid $99 million of dividends at the annual rate of $0.75 per share. This marked our 360th consecutive quarterly dividend.  Total debt is $720 million. This is split between long term and short term debt. We remain in a strong financial position to fund other investments. We did not repurchase any stock this quarter.  We continue to focus on three factors in the hog industry: export demand, domestic demand, and industry capacity utilization. Exports remain uncertain, impacted by multiple rounds of tariffs and recent animal health issues in China. The USDA forecast export volume to be up 6% in 2018. Domestic consumption remains very high; however, pork pricing has come down since last year as the USDA Composite value was 16% below year-ago levels in the third quarter. We expect hog supplies to increase 3% to 4% this year and expect continued hog supply growth into 2019.  The sale of the Fremont facility is the culmination of a multi-year assessment of the pork industry as well as a detailed review of the capital required to modernize the Fremont facility. We concluded that running Fremont as a single shift operation was not a viable option and we would have to either spend the capital to modernize the facility, find a long-term supply partner, or close the facility over time. We began discussions with WholeStone Farms after learning of their interest to enter the hog processing business. Our discussions resulted in the sale of the facility at terms that provide benefits to both parties. The purchase price of the transaction is $30 million and includes the Fremont processing facility and a multi-year agreement to provide pork and raw materials from the first shift of production at market-based prices.  The sale of the Fremont facility allows us to do a number of things. First, this transaction allows us to contractually secure a source of raw material for our value-added business at competitive market prices. Second, this deal reduces the number of hogs we purchase and related exposure to volatility in the hog markets. Finally, the sale of the plant allows us to avoid significant capital to modernize the facility. For example, we recently invested $80 million to modernize the Austin facility. A similar investment would be required for Fremont in addition to investments to double shift the facility.  We expect approximately $15 million to $20 million of expenses associated with this sale in fiscal 2019. These expenses include the cost to move value-added equipment out of the facility and various pension-related expenses. Fremont Harvest’s 10, 500 hogs per day currently represents one-third of our harvest volume and less than one-third of refrigerated foods commodity pork earnings. We will provide further guidance on the impact to fiscal 2019 on our fourth quarter earnings call. Input costs for the third quarter were generally lower. Hog prices were 10% lower than last year. We expect hog prices to be lower than last in the fourth quarter. Belly prices were 20% lower than last year. We expect belly prices to remain volatile and below year-ago levels. Seventy-two percent pork trim prices were 22% below last year. We expect trim markets to be modestly lower than 2017 levels. As we look into the first half of fiscal 2019, we see flat to lower hog, belly and trim prices. We do expect volatility as new harvest plants and hog supplies come online.  Fifty percent beef trim was 43% lower compared to last year. We expect beef trim prices to be similar to 2017 levels. Market costs for feed were higher compared to last year. We expect feed costs to be higher year-over-year in the fourth quarter.  We continue to see signs of a slow recovery in the turkey industry. Full placements have shown low single digit declines in recent months which indicates lower harvest levels in the coming quarters. Turkey pressed meat and whole birds in cold storage are still well above long term average levels. Breast meat prices increased during the quarter. Breast meat averaged $1.88 per pound compared to $1.53 last year. We expect moderate increases in the coming quarters. Whole bird prices are 17% lower than 2017 levels, and we do not expect a material change in pricing until the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Various market factors, including tariffs, freight, supply levels and demand have all created market volatility, yet we have demonstrated an ability to manage through this volatility and deliver long term value for our shareholders.  At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our first question is coming from Akshay Jagdale from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi, good morning. I wanted to get a sense on Jennie-O turkey profitability and how you see it. What’s the long term bridge to a more sustainable and higher level? If we have low breast meat prices which seem to be moving off a bottom and then you’ve got a bunch of higher costs, maybe you can help us just think through high level, long term how we’re going to regain profitability levels that we’ve seen in this business historically. Thank you. 
Jim Snee: Good morning. The JOTS business, we still remain very pleased with that business, very pleased with the value-added growth that we’re seeing, just like we did this most recent quarter. Over time certainly we need to make sure that the supply comes in balance in the marketplace. We’ve talked a lot about lower poult placements, we’ve talked a lot about the need for reduced inventory in cold storage, and although we’re seeing those trends, they’re happening slower than we have expected. You’re correct - we are seeing higher breast meat pricing, we’re seeing a stabilized whole bird market which are very positive for the fundamentals of the business, but over the long term for us, it’s really about our ability to continue to grow the value-added business, and we believe the results that we’ve delivered in the third quarter are a very good indication that the business is healthy and will return to growth in 2019.
Akshay Jagdale: That’s helpful. One follow-up, I guess, would be on the refrigerated foods business. Obviously the value-added business is doing exceptionally well in offsetting some of the weakness in the commodity markets. I know you gave a lot of information so we’ll have some time to digest it afterwards, but can you help us understand where you think the commodity margins are? Have they bottomed out, or do you think things might get a little bit worse before they get better as it relates to industry capacity utilization rates? Thank you.
Jim Snee: That’s a number that’s very, very hard to predict. Clearly we’re dealing with a lot of projections that remain uncertain and volatile. There have been a number of announcements in terms of increased hog processing capacity, but in terms of what happens with the timing of that, that will feed into projections and into that volatility, so at this point it’s really hard to say.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay, I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning everyone.
Jim Snee: Morning Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Two questions. Will you be able to grow EBITDA in 2019?
Jim Snee: We’re in the midst of a planning process for ’19, and our early look into fiscal ’19 shows pre-tax growth. Obviously we’ll have more precise guidance for everyone on our November call, but as we think about all the different businesses, with refrigerated foods we expect to see continued value-added growth, we’ll have our deli division fully up and running, impact of the recent acquisitions, and clearly we’ll have the impact of the Fremont sale that we’ll talk to you more about on the fourth quarter call as well. Our GP business, the core business remains very, very strong. We’re seeing growth from Mega Mix, steady growth from Nutbutters on the core business but also on the innovation front, the pipeline is very robust. We have work to do to continue to stabilize CytoSport and contract manufacturing in that portfolio, but we think the outlook is very positive. We’ve talked a lot about the JOTS business, the slowly improving fundamentals, the growth in value-added, especially lean ground; and in our international business, we’re pleased with what we’re seeing in China. We know that we have some volatility in the fresh pork exports due to tariffs. So our early look into ’19, Ken, shows pre-tax growth and we know that there is certainly headwinds out there and unknowns in terms of the tariffs, and we’re going to battle through that; but yes, we do think we can grow pre-tax earnings in 2019.
Ken Zaslow: Great, and my follow-up question, just as a nuance, is in the quarter, how much was freight and the higher hog, higher deli prices relative to lower [pork] [ph] packing margins? Can you give some sort of relative so we can understand the importance of different factors in the quarter? I’ll leave it there.
Ken Sheehan: Sure. On a freight basis, it’s still been a headwind in the quarter, and we expect it to be a headwind in 2019. We’ve said again we’re focused on finding the most mutually agreeable solutions in terms of minimizing miles, maximizing weight, less internal freight, and we’ve seen that we’ve offset a majority of the cost increase on go-forward basis. Nathan, you can have a follow-up conversation perhaps on the quarter, but really of the full year, our freight costs are expected to be up $0.06 to $0.08 on an EPS basis for the full year.
Ken Zaslow: Great. Thank you very much.
Ken Sheehan: Thanks Ken.
Operator: The next question is coming from Eric Larson from Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Yes, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my question. My question is on Fremont, and I’m kind of inferring that this is what your contractual obligations are going--what your supply contract is going forward. Are you obligated--are you contracting to take all of the output from Fremont going forward, or just the needs that you have? In other words, are you moving away from some of the commodity oriented products that would normally be produced, and you will not have an obligation to sell that?
Jim Snee: Eric, in the short term, it’s going to be essentially business as usual. We’re contracted to take all of the meat just like we do today for the first three years, and then over time we’ll have the opportunity to evaluate the business and make those decisions. But in that first three years, we are taking all of the meat off of the first shift just like we do today.
Eric Larson: Yes, okay, and that makes sense. I assumed that that probably was the case. Maybe this is for Jim Sheehan. Jim, I probably should know the answer to this because it’s been a big delta for the whole year, but your general corporate expenses were up, it was a big delta in the quarter year-over-year. Can you explain what that is? You didn’t highlight any one-time items that were in there. Can you just refresh us why your corporate expense is up so much in the quarter and for the full year?
Jim Sheehan: Certainly. First of all, we talked about the universal stock options. The universal stock options were issued in the third quarter, and that created a $4 million corporate expense. The other issue that we referenced was the tax study that we did. The tax study reduced our taxes in the third quarter by $8 million. There was a $2 million fee that exists within the corporate expense for that, and then we had generally higher employee expenses in the quarter.
Eric Larson: Okay, thank you, I appreciate it. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question is coming from Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. On your EPS guidance for the full year, it’s still a pretty big range, so I was curious what are the key factors driving that larger range. Any sense at this point whether you’re trending towards a bottom or higher end of that range?
Jim Snee: Good morning, Rupesh. Given what’s happening in the marketplace, we’re talking a lot obviously about the volatility, whether it’s tariffs, market conditions. We felt it was appropriate to keep the range intact for the full year, obviously reaffirming that guidance. As we think about some of the things that could take you either way, on the high end if we see continued declines in input costs, if there is a sudden end to tariffs, if there is a rapid recovery in turkey. On the lower end, the flipside or the inverse would be true - if we see a spike in input costs when you think about hogs, bellies, trim, grain, or if the tariff situation worsens. But we believe that the midpoint is still very reasonable, and we thought it was very appropriate to keep the range where it is.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay, great, and then my follow-up question on tariffs. I know there is a lot of different tariffs out there and, I think, some proposals out there, so I was curious if you can just help us understand the dynamics currently, and then what is assumed in your current guidance? 
Jim Snee: Sure. Obviously it’s difficult since we’re dealing with markets. For the back half of the year, it’s about $0.01 to $0.02, primarily coming from our export business, our fresh pork exports. As we think about it on an annual basis, probably about $0.04 to $0.06, but clearly there is a lot of uncertainty. As you think across our business, the impact would be pork, steel, aluminum, but the majority of that really is being export related.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Lavery from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thanks, good morning. Could you just give an update on some of your supply chain reconfiguration? I don’t remember you mentioning that as a driver of ’19 earnings growth. What do you expect for some of the savings opportunity, what’s some of the timing? Can you just give us some more color on where that all stands?
Jim Snee: Sure, good morning. We’ve put our supply chain in place earlier this year, led by Glenn Leitch, and we have kept Glenn and his team incredibly busy since that time, obviously dealing with all of the freight issues in the industry, evaluating our total supply chain. He was really the point person for the Fremont transaction, and we have got a lot accomplished in 2018, doing a lot of work around in-sourcing production, asset utilization, some automation, efficiency projects, and then we can’t forget the fact that we’re in the midst of building a new facility in Melrose for our Jennie-O Turkey Store business, and then a significant expansion for our value-added capacity down in Dold. We have kept that team busy. We are working for a perspective on 2019 and we’ll be able to provide you more detail on that in our fourth quarter call.
Michael Lavery: Is it right to assume some of the freight efficiencies you’re looking for are all integral to that work? Just related to freight, when you talk about some of that headwind continuing into next year, is that all on rates that--are you still seeing those going higher?
Jim Snee: I think it’s a combination of things. I mean, you’re going to have--who knows what’s going to happen with fuel prices. Certainly the shortage of drivers can impact rates. What we’re really focused on are the things that we can control, and I mentioned it’s the minimizing miles, maximizing freight, and really making sure that we’re doing the right things on an internal basis so that we can offset as much of that as possible. But we feel really good about the work that’s been done.
Michael Lavery: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jeremy Scott from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott: Hey, good morning. Just want to talk a little bit about the Fremont sale. I guess it’s one third of processing, less than one third of commodity sales, so that would imply that the value-add mix is somewhat higher than Austin. Maybe you can elaborate on what you meant by that. Then on the multi-purchase agreement, just the answer to the prior question on taking all the meat, so it sounds like your overall volume is not going to be impacted because you said it’s business as usual; however I guess I’m a little bit confused as to what the margin structure on that looks like. Presumably there’s commodity product that you’re going to be buying and then reselling without a value-add component, is that right?
Jim Snee: That is correct. If you think about the transaction, what we are losing is the spread between the hog cost and the USDA composite value. That’s how I would look at it.
Jeremy Scott: Okay, so that’s a pretty good margin today, but if you were to buy ham and then resell ham, that margin would effectively go to zero, is that correct?
Jim Snee: Well, you’re correct that the margin is pretty good today, and what we’ve talked about is that historically, it’s less than 5% of refrigerated foods earnings, and in the current year, far less than that. We talked about a significant drop last quarter, about 25%, significant drop this quarter of 88%, and then really what the future holds in terms of how much comes online, what the timing is, it’s all projections and it remains very uncertain and volatile.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, so as we’ve talked, we’re giving up that spread, but the margins in retail, the margins in food service we’ll still retain. We’re taking out the volatility, and we still believe that this creates the right mix of internally sourced primals and outside purchased primals. It also allows us to avoid a very significant capital allocation. If you think about the Austin plant, that was over $80 million and did not include the cost to double shift this plant, so the capital investment into Fremont would have been very extensive.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. The $30 million sale price, that’s a good amount lower than what you were able to gain from Farmer John. I know it’s an older plant and it needs some capital work, but would that imply a lower normalized margin than Farmer John, or is there something in the multi-year purchase agreement with WholeStone that we need to consider going forward, or is it just you said you’re going to take the market price plus? What do we need to consider going forward as we’re mapping this out?
Jim Snee: I think the first thing is that you can’t look at the purchase price in a vacuum. The first thing is Fremont was not a full business like Farmer John, and then the price does not include any of the value-added assets. We’ve talked about some of the expenses that we’ll have in 2019 as we relocate those assets, but the price does not include any of that because we will retain that.  As Jim mentioned, the facility really is in need of significant investment to remain competitive, and in fact it couldn’t support both a double shift and value-added capacity, and so it does have the supply agreement at market-based prices, which we believe is a mutually beneficial agreement, and it’s consistent with our long term strategy and we’re excited. We really look forward to a long, successful partnership with WholeStone.
Jeremy Scott: Got it. I’ll jump back in the queue, thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone. Maybe first question on refrigerated and the value-added side. The organic volumes in the quarter were down 2, you talked about harvest levels down 4, so can you talk about what the Ceratti and Columbus, or I guess Fontanini and Columbus organic volume growth were in the period? I know they’re still in M&A, but just trying to think about what that organic volume growth looks like prospectively as you get those lapped into the base and you start comping some of those declines in harvest values that you’ve seen in the last few quarters.
Jim Snee: Adam, I think it’s safe to say the value-added growth that we saw in the quarter was significant. I mean, to be able to offset that type of commodity profit decline of 88% tells a story of value-added growth. When you think about what’s happening with Columbus, we’re putting that deli sales division together to really leverage the strengths of the organization. The Columbus business remains very healthy and is going to be integral to the foundation of the deli division. The Fontanini business, also very healthy, and we’re now able to really leverage what the acquisition thesis was in terms of taking our food service portfolio into the Fontanini organization and taking that Fontanini portfolio into the food service organization, so that we really can--you know, over time we know that we’re going to see a sequential acceleration in that food service business.  I mean, we feel really good about what both of those businesses are bringing to the party, and they are going to play a key role as we continue to drive that value-added business over time.
Jim Sheehan: I would add that we completed the integration of both Columbus and Fontanini. The other thing that we’ve talked about is that volatility of the market can create some noise between quarters, and if you take a look at the belly market, the belly market’s increased all during the third quarter and our pricing trails that increase. You saw a steep decline at the end of the third quarter in belly pricing, so that’s one of the reasons why we feel that there will be a strong finish to refrigerated foods in Q4.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, and then just going back on Fremont, just want to be clear on thinking about the sale price. So $30 million for the asset, you guys internally would think that there’s at least $80 million of capital needed to go in, so effectively it’s 110, some capital foregone that you don’t have to spend, and from an earnings contribution at the plant, in the past you’ve talked about commodity profits in refrigerated averaging about 15% of the segment, probably under that this year, and Fremont you talked about being less than a third of that. So the EBIT contribution of the plant, I’d guess this year somewhere in the $10 million to $20 million range, is that a fair assessment, and then thinking about the sale price effectively is 110 because it’s capital that you’d otherwise have to spend?
Jim Sheehan: Right. The commodity profits were down 88% in the third quarter, and we discussed that they were near breakeven levels. The fact that Fremont is a single shift plant, it’s not as efficient as the Austin plant, which is a highly efficient double shift plant, that’s why the profits are less than the volume at the plant. I would say that it’s closer to $10 million a year than the numbers that you’re throwing out.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, that’s very helpful. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question is coming from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I guess a couple questions. One is on bacon pricing versus bellies, the spreads in the quarter. Were they favorable versus last year? I noticed that Bacon 1 was not mentioned in the press release as being a growth driver - that’s the first time I’ve ever seen that in years. Bacon 1 has been a big driver of growth for you, so I just want to know what the spread was, whether it was good or bad. Then second, maybe if we could just take a step back at the big drivers for fiscal ’19, the puts and takes. I imagine there’s going to be the headwind from the costs to transition Fremont - you mentioned it here, $20 million or so. Maybe you could also help us on the commodity bridge to fiscal ’19. Are you close to zero this year in commodity profits in pork, and therefore we don’t have to think about another decline in fiscal ’19 because if you’re close to breakeven this year, we don’t have to worry about a tough comp in fiscal ’19 on the commodity side, or maybe we do? Can you help me with that?
Jim Snee: Yes, good morning Rob. I’ll take the bacon part and then we’ll let Jim take the commodity part. The bacon dynamics, we had a solid quarter on retail bacon. It’s obviously a very competitive category. I think the spreads have been positive, so really no issue there. In terms of the food service bacon dynamics, there was no fundamental reason why it was omitted. We’ve seen strong demand for all of our bacon items, especially Bacon 1, so the bacon category is very healthy for us. We feel really good about where it’s headed and are excited because we’re in need of the capacity that’s coming on line at our Dold facility. Very, very healthy bacon dynamics.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I’ll talk a little bit about the pork commodity. As we talked about last quarter, profits were down 25%; this quarter, they’re down 88%, almost to near breakeven. As additional capacity comes online, and we’ve talked about the additional capacity for a number of months now, knowing that WholeStone was also going to add additional capacity into this, it’s likely that you will see lower pork margins going forward than what you’ve seen historically. Historically, those margins have run about 15% of refrigerated foods, and that was all of the analysis that we made, lowering our harvest level, and sourcing the meat externally would be a favorable outcome. 
Jim Snee: Rob, I would add that we’re still in Q4 and so it’s hard to get a full year projection. We obviously saw a significant decline in Q2 and Q3, and the market is a little different in Q4. So again, we’ll be able to give you some better visibility as we wrap up the year, but I think it just speaks volumes to the volatility that we’ve been talking about over the last couple of years.
Robert Moskow: Just to follow up, I think Jim, you talked about the outlook for ’19, saying that you think you’ll be driving some profitable growth in ’19. I can see the logic, but the people I talk to are very worried about a protein glut overall in the market. The chicken companies are talking about it, there’s too much beef on the market. Is it possible for your value-added business to benefit, I guess, from these lower input costs in this market? Is that what has to happen in order for profitable growth to occur in fiscal ’19, or are you worried that with all this protein coming on, that even the value-added items might see some price pressure as well?
Jim Snee: We think, Rob, that we would benefit obviously from lower input prices on our business. I think the other issue is really what happens on the tariff front, and so there’s rumblings out there about some progress that is being made and if that comes to resolution, that could change the dynamics. But for us, I mean, we do certainly benefit from lower input costs across the portfolio.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Heather Jones from Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Thinking about your tax guidance, the review you did in the quarter, have you made any changes to where you think the ’19 tax rate will shake out, or should we still be thinking somewhere in the low 20s?
Jim Sheehan: Heather, I’d think about 21.5% to 24.5%.
Heather Jones: Okay. I’m sorry, go ahead?
Jim Sheehan: That’s what we think Q4 will be, and we still think that we’ll be in the low 20s in 2019, probably that same range in 2019.
Heather Jones: Okay, and then I just wanted to go back to the Fremont. I’m sort of curious, you said $10 million for that plant, so if I take how many hogs it was killing a day, it comes to about 2.5 million to 3 million hogs a year, assuming no Saturday kills. I was hoping you could give us a better understanding of what you all are defining as commodity, because that would equate to only about $3 a hog, $3 to $4 a hog, which I know you guys said it’s not the most competitive plant, but that is well below--on an LTM basis, well below what we’ve seen from others in the industry and well below industry margins. I’m just wondering if you could give us a sense of how you’re defining commodity when you say that it’s closer to the $10 million number.
Jim Sheehan: We’re defining the commodity as the spread, the pork profitability margin along with some profitability that would include our commodity sales into the excess market, is what I would refer to.
Heather Jones: Commodity sales into the excess market is what you would call the commodity part?
Jim Sheehan: Yes, the provision sales. Nathan can probably drill down into it deeper offline.
Heather Jones: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Farha Aslam from Stephens. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Farha Aslam: Hi, good morning. Just a quick follow-up on the tax question. What is the deferred taxes that you’re including in your taxes for this year, the deferred tax revaluation benefit total overall?
Jim Sheehan: Certainly. If you’re talking about the change in the tax rate because of the study, what we did was to reassess our fixed assets to see if we could accelerate depreciation into the time period that had a higher statutory rate.
Farha Aslam: Okay, but your revaluation of deferred assets, that was just completely in your first quarter and we didn’t add to that this quarter.
Jim Sheehan: Right, it’s the--no, we reassessed that in the first quarter because the tax law took impact, had impact in the first quarter. You lower the amount that you can deduct in future years, but you reset that in the quarter. Your existing liability is reset at the time that the new tax rate is effective. Deferred tax is an ongoing change.
Farha Aslam: Okay, so the tax benefit for this year, is that about $0.10?
Jim Sheehan: It’s about $65 million. 
Farha Aslam: About $65 million - okay, that’s roughly around $0.10. Okay. Then my second question is really broader, on CytoSport. You highlighted that sales were down in the quarter, but earnings were actually up. Could you give us some color going into the fourth quarter and into 2019, how we should think about that business? 
Jim Snee: Farha, the team is hard at work at stabilizing that business. The big thing is what’s happening in terms of the C-store market and the ready-to-drink space, and we need to gain back lost distribution. We’ve talked about getting that consumer message right, and the team is working hard on that.  We also are pleased, though, with what’s happening in really the food, drug and mass channel. Our take-home Tetra Pak drinks are growing really, really well, our innovation is doing well, and so we expect in 2019 that we’ll see some stabilization in the business but there is still work to do around that brand. 
Farha Aslam: Okay, so we’re not going to see the fourth quarter recovery, because I think we had previously anticipated top line growth in the fourth quarter because we’re comping against a pretty easy comp. 
Jim Snee: Yes Farha, we were talking about earnings growth. We saw some of that in our third quarter, like we said, and we would expect to see that again in the fourth quarter.
Farha Aslam: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question is a follow-up coming from Jeremy Scott from Mizuho. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeremy Scott: Hey, thanks. I think that question was just answered, but the driver of grocery products margin decline in the fourth quarter, we would expect to see some benefit from lower commodity prices, so are we to assume that some of that is being reinvested in your advertising? 
Jim Snee: Yes, we’re making significant advertising investments in the GP business. The GP core business remains very strong, very healthy across the entire portfolio. The difficulty, the headwind really is--you know, we talked about contract manufacturing and then also that continued recovery of CytoSport.
Jeremy Scott: Right. Just one follow-up on Fremont. The product that you’re currently producing today and selling fresh at Fremont, you’re now going to turn around be a customer of that product and you intend to produce it into value-add, at least a portion of it. To what extent does that incremental demand for this new stream of value-added pork exist today, or should we assume that you’re going to be pushing a lot of this product onto the marketplace?
Jim Sheehan: As we’ve stated, we’re a net buyer of bellies and trim, and we utilize all of our ribs. We utilize 100% of the product coming off of Austin for value-added products. There are some excess products coming off of Fremont, and we’ve had our stated goal--as we’ve stated in the past, our goal is not to sell any commodity meat at all, so as we expand our production, for instance at Dold as we expand our Natural Choice product lines, those products will go into--those commodity products now will go into value-added products.
Jeremy Scott: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s question and answer session. At this time, I will turn the call back to our hosts for any additional or closing remarks. 
Jim Snee: Thank you all for joining us today, and a special thanks to all of our team members for their efforts as we wrap up our fiscal year and successfully deliver on our key results. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today’s conference call. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-05-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Nathan Annis - Director of Investor Relations Jim Snee - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Sheehan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Akshay Jagdale - Jeffries Rupesh Parikh - Oppenheim Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montréal Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc Heather Jones - The Vertical Group Eric Larson - Buckingham Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Benjamin Theurer - Barclays
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods’ Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Thursday, May 24, 2018. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods’ conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2018. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our Web site at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jim Sheehan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of each segment's performance for the quarter, and our outlook for the remainder of 2018. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results for the quarter, and further assumptions relating to our 2018 outlook. The line will be opened for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 AM today Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 800-239-9838 and the access code is 9118102. It will also be posted to our Web site and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking. And actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 31 through 38 in the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2018 for more details. It can be accessed on our Web site. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the Company's second quarter operating performance by excluding the sales and volume impact of the acquisition of Ceratti, Columbus Craft Meats and Fontanini. Discussion on non GAAP information as detailed in our press release located on our corporate Web site. Please note that during our call today, we will refer to these non-GAAP results as organic net sales and organic volume. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report on our second quarter results this morning. Our team successfully navigated through macro and commodity headwinds this quarter to deliver record earnings per share of $0.44, up 13% and in line with our expectations. Our balanced business model allowed us to mitigate double-digit increases in freight, a dynamic park environment and continued oversupply in the turkey industry. The benefit from tax reform also contributed to our record results. Second quarter sales were also a record for our Company, and we are encouraged by many positive trends across our portfolio. Total Company sales for the quarter were up 7% on a 3% volume increase. The increases were driven by the recent strategic acquisitions of Ceratti, Columbus Craft Meats and Fontanini. On an organic basis, volume decreased 1% while sales were flat. Many value-added brands in each segment grew, but the gains were offset by lower results from Jennie-O Turkey store, CytoSport and our contract manufacturing business. Recent third-party consumption data supports the growth we are seeing across many of our brands and household penetration figures also suggest solid momentum, especially with millennials. In terms of segment performance, refrigerated foods grew segment profit 18% despite a difficult freight environment and a 25% decline in commodity profits. The strength of our value-added portfolio in both retail and food service coupled with lower input cost allowed us to generate strong growth. Sales increased 14% on a 6% volume increase, primarily related to the acquisition of Columbus Craft Meats and Fontanini. Our Hormel Natural Choice franchise showed very strong growth this quarter. The Natural Choice brand has been gaining share in the retail marketplace and with food service operators since its introduction in 2006. Over the past few years, the brand has evolved with the change in consumer preferences towards all-natural. We have broadened our offerings in the lunch meat category, while expanding into bacon, pepperoni and handheld snacks. This past quarter, we fully converted our rev product line to an all-natural formulation and re-launched the products under the Natural Choice brand. The results to-date have been impressive. We have increased our distribution, grown household penetration and improved in-store velocities. Natural Choice is a great example of how a strong brand combined with our culture of innovation to drive growth and expand over time. Food service sales of Hormel Bacon One fully-cooked bacon, Hormel fire braised meats and Café H products, all generated excellent growth this quarter as we continue to partner with and deliver innovative solutions to operators who are facing time and labor challenges. We have successfully integrated Fontanini's manufacturing and logistics into our global supply chain, and are in the process of integrating the sales and marketing functions into our Hormel food service division. In addition to the Fontanini integration, the reorganization of our various deli businesses into refrigerated foods is well underway, and we are in the early stages of integrating the Columbus craft meats business. Both the Fontanini and Columbus acquisitions are on track and meeting expectations. Our international segment delivered sales growth of 22% on a volume increase of 14%, primarily related to the acquisition of Ceratti. Organic sales growth of 8% was driven by improved business in China, our SPAM sales in China continue to gain momentum, placing us ahead of our distributional expectations. International segment profit growth was 6% as improved profitability in China was partially offset by higher advertising expenses. Jennie-O Turkey store earnings declined 34%, while sales declined 4%. Lower whole bird pricing and volume drove the lower results this quarter. Jennie-O lean ground turkey and our Oven Ready brand continued to perform well. As a reminder, our grocery products and specialty foods teams merged as of the beginning of this fiscal year, and we now report consolidated results as grocery products. For the quarter, our core grocery products portfolio continued to remain healthy and vibrant, delivering low single-digit sales growth, led by establish brands such as SPAM, Dinty Moore and Hormel chili as well as emerging brands such as Wholly Guacamole and Herdez. The gains in our center store portfolio were not able to offset the decline in sales from CytoSport and our contract manufacturing business. Total grocery rate product segment profit was down due to increased promotional activity and lower volumes at CytoSport, and lower earnings from our contract manufacturing business. The CytoSport business is facing numerous headwinds. Our team understands the various dynamics in each of the key channels. Our challenges lie primarily in our convenience store and specialty channel businesses. We are having success in the food, drug and mass channel, which will continue to be an area of focus for us as we work to grow the MUSCLE MILK brand. While this business is not where we expected to be, the move into the grocery products segments will provide more branding and marketing resources and I expect that shift will return CytoSport to growth. Turning to our second half outlook. We expect a strong finish in many of our businesses. We expect grocery products to continue their strong momentum in our core portfolio into the second half and return to growth. For Jennie-O Turkey store, we still expect earnings to decline in the back half compared to last year. Beginning next quarter, the commodity pressures we felt in our value added businesses last year will be annualized but we will not lap the declines in the whole bird business until the first quarter of 2019. Our successful Make the Switch campaign will return this summer supporting our lean ground turkey and other value-added businesses. Signs of supply reductions are encouraging and we see Jennie-O Turkey store returning to growth in the first half of fiscal 2019. The outlook remains positive for our international segment as we continue to capture the benefits from our new plant in Joshing China. To-date, we have been successful exporting pork around the world. However, given the uncertain impact of the tariffs on the pork industry, we are expecting modestly lower sales and margin in our export business. Favorable performance for our China meat business should offset the potential impact on export sales. Our view of refrigerated foods has not changed from the first quarter. We expect our value-added businesses in retail and food service, and the acquisitions of Fontanini and Columbus, to offset declines in commodity profits and freight headwinds. Jim Sheehan will provide insights into our view of the hog and pork industry, and where we continue to see volatility. This quarter, we saw a double-digit increase in per-unit freight costs, due to both the lack of availability of trucks and an increase in diesel fuel surcharges. We continue to work with our customers to find mutually agreeable solutions to offset these increases. Rising freight costs will continue to have an impact in the second half of 2018 and into 2019. Taking all these factors into account, we are reaffirming our sales guidance of $9.7 billion to $10.1 billion and our earnings guidance of $1.81 to $1.95 per share. As we think about the second half, we see a slightly higher cadence in the fourth quarter as we were dealing with the run-up in key input cost last year. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss the financial information relating to the quarter and key assumptions for the remainder of fiscal 2018.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Volume for the second quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, a 3% increase compared to last year. We had record sales for the second quarter of $2.3 billion, a 7% increase. Organic volume decreased 1% and organic sales were flat. Net earnings were $237 million, up 13% compared to last year. Refrigerated foods benefited from our strategy of growing value-added sales through innovation and acquisitions, as well as the benefit of declining input costs. As Jim reported, refrigerated foods’ profits were up 18%, while commodity profits declined 25%. Commodity profits reflect the fresh pork and provision sales less the cost to procure and process hogs. Commodity profits in the quarter were below the long-term benchmark of 15% of total refrigerated foods profits. Excluding advertising, selling, general and administrative expenses were 7.1% of sales compared to 6.9% last year. Excluding acquisitions, SG&A was flat on a dollar basis. Advertising expense this quarter was $37 million compared to $30 million last year. We expect to increase advertising by approximately 20% in 2018. We are currently advertising key growth brands, including SKIPPY, SPAM, Jennie-O and Natural Choice. General corporate expenses increased primarily due to higher employee related expenses, including healthcare. As you think about the remainder of the year, the universal stock option award made to our 20,000 employees will impact corporate expenses in the third quarter. This represents approximately $0.01 per share. Operating margins were 13.1%, a 130 basis point decrease compared to last year. The decline is primarily a result of lower margins at Jennie-O and CytoSport along with higher freight costs. Our effective tax rate was 20% compared to 33.2% last year. The lower tax rate provided $45 million benefit compared to the prior year. As we continue to assess tax reform, we have narrowed the range for our full year tax rate to be between 17.5% and 19.5%. Year-to-date, we have generated operating cash flows of $443 million, up 58%. The increase was related to higher earnings and improved working capital as we communicated at Investor Day one of our priorities is to improve our cash conversion cycle. For the last 12 months, we took three days out of our cash cycle as all three components improved. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $87 million compared to $39 million last year. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $425 million in 2018. Projects include the replacement of our Melrose plant, the bacon expansion in Wichita, upgrades to the Austin plant, numerous capacity expansions and ongoing investments for food and employee safety. In the quarter, we paid $99 million in dividends at the annual rate of $0.75 per share. This marked our 359th consecutive quarterly dividend. Total debt is $810 million. This was split between short-term loans, which we plan to pay off this fiscal year, and long-term debt. We remain in a strong financial position to fund other investments. We repurchased $20 million in stock this quarter at an average price of $32.95 per share. Input costs for the second quarter were mixed. Hog prices were 9% lower than last year. As we communicated in prior quarters, our expectation is for low single-digit increases to hog prices in the back half of our fiscal year. We will continue to focus on three factors; export demand, domestic demand and total hog supplies, compared to industry capacity. Exports continue to be strong, and USDA forecast exports to be up 5% in 2018. We are watching export demand carefully. Domestic consumption remains very strong. Retail pork prices remain steady, and we continue to see pork clearing the market at current prices. We expect hog supplies to increase 3% to 4% this year. We continue to believe total hog supplies are well masked to industry capacity over the long-term. We remain vigilant in our assessment of the industry, and will make the necessary changes to ensure we are sourcing pork for our value-added products at the lowest possible cost. We continue to procure more raw materials externally, offsetting the 3% decrease in our existing hog harvest facilities. Deli prices were 20% lower than last year. We expect deli prices to remain volatile but in line with 2017 levels for the back half of the fiscal year. 72% pork trim prices were 5% below last year. We expect trim markets to be lower than 2017 levels and the back half. 50% beef trim was 7% lower compared to last year. We expect beef prices to be lower than 2017 levels. Market costs for beef were higher compared to last year. We expect beef cost to be higher year-over-year in the back half. We're starting to see the early signs of a recovery in the turkey industry. All placements have shown low single-digit declines in recent months. Industry harvest levels have decreased and turkey breast meat in cold storage is now below last year. Inventory of whole birds remains elevated at 14% above last year. Turkey breast meat prices increased during the quarter. Breast meat is currently trading around $1.84 per pound compared to $1.55 per pound at the beginning of the quarter. We expect moderate increases in turkey prices for the back half of the year. Whole bird prices are 19% lower than 2017 levels, and we do not expect a material change in pricing until the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Regardless of our market projections, the one constant in the current market is volatility. The second quarter demonstrates our ability to manage through volatility. Rapid changes in markets can affect results in the short term, but we have the capacity to adjust and continue growing earnings for our shareholders. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer…
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. We will now take our first question from Akshay Jagdale of Jeffries. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually [Lubi] on for Akshay. I wanted to ask question on turkey. So you mentioned that you're seeing some encouraging signs in the turkey business, it seems to be making your outlook for Jennie-O in fiscal ’19 somewhat more positive. I’m wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit more on what exactly you’re seeing out there, and maybe what changed the most since the last quarter. I think you might have tempered expectations a little bit last time around.
Jim Snee: Our Jennie-O Turkey Store business, they are continuing to navigate difficult industry conditions, but we are seeing signs of supply reductions. And we talked about the industry harvest, which is down 3% year-to-date. We are seeing pork placements down low single digits, which is a good metric. The cold storage inventories, we’re seeing breast meat down 3%. On the other hand, we are seeing whole birds up 14%. As we’re thinking through this, fairly those are some positive indicators for the business. But because of that run up in whole bird inventories and the decrease in the whole bird market, that’s still going to have an impact on the back half of this year and into early 2019. But we do think these indicators are going to continue. And then of course through the work that we're doing on the value-added business with our Jennie-O lean ground turkey our Oven Ready turkey items, we believe that we’re still well-positioned to return to growth in the first half of 2019.
Unidentified Analyst: And then if I could ask the question on the freight cost situation. So I know freight cost continue to be a challenge. And I think last time around, you had mentioned that you were starting to look at some measures to mitigate some of that impact. I’m wondering if you could just give us a progress update on how that's been going. And to the extent that you are looking at pass some of that on, how have those conversations been going with some of your customers? Thanks.
Jim Snee: As a reminder, freight is has been a headwind. We expect it to continue in the second half and into 2019. And we’ve been working to solve it a few different ways. We did talk about working with our customers to find mutually agreeable solutions. And we’re thinking about minimizing miles, maximizing weight, how many days a week do you need delivery. And I will tell you that our customers are very open to those discussions. Of course, we’re working internally to make sure that we are as efficient as we can be. And then there are situations where we are taking pricing as well when we’re unable to find those mutually agreeable solutions. So it is a variable plethora of things that we’re working on. But again the big message here I think is that it's going to continue to be a headwind back half of this year and into 2019.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Rupesh Parikh of Oppenheim. Your line is now open, please go ahead.
Rupesh Parikh: So maybe to start out, as we look at your guidance range for this year, you guys reaffirm guidance. But you still kept a pretty wide range. So I was just curious, as you look at that range, what factors could drive the high-end versus the low end of the range?
Jim Snee: The reason we kept the range where it is, we know that there's still volatility in the marketplace; and volatility in terms of what's happening in the pork industry; volatility in terms of what's happening in the freight industry; and so we felt that it was very appropriate to keep that range. From our perspective, as we think about the second half of the year, refrigerated foods is poised to have a strong second half. Our value-added business will continue to offset what we expect to be commodity declines; Jennie-O Turkey store going to continue to be up against industry oversupply pressures, and whole bird pricing. Our international business and we talked a little bit about what could potentially happen with tariffs in pork, but our business in China is doing quite well. And so I mean there's a number of things out there that can set us up for a strong second half and that's what we're expecting in our business.
Rupesh Parikh: And then switching gears to CytoSport. So you mentioned in your prepared comments some of the challenges in the convenience and specialty channels. So I was curious as you look at the challenges there is that more -- is that category challenges, or is something changing from a competitive perspective? And what the plans are to improve performance within those two channels?
Jim Snee: From our perspective, it's really a competitive issue. And we called out the C-store in the specialty channel, because that's where our challenges are. In the C-store business, we are still recovering from a third party recall in 2016. We thought we had some signs of life in the first quarter that didn't play out into the second quarter, so we know that we still have work to do to get our distribution back in line. Our brand teams are working on consumer messaging, and making sure that we have the right pricing. The specialty channel is something that is less competitive and probably more structural as sales in that channel continue to migrate online. We're working to move more of our sales online through our digital experience effort that we have going on. And so the other thing I would tell you is, at the beginning of year, we did merge specialty foods into grocery products. And we believe that that is going to offer the appropriate level of branding and marketing support. So we do expect results to improve in the back half. But I would tell you that that’s mostly due to easy comps. Our bigger concern for the business is really getting it back to a healthy and sustainable growth level.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montréal. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Just two questions. One is can you give us an update on the cost savings program, where is that right now, what is your technology to be able to capture the synergies, where are you on that? That's the first question. Thank you.
Jim Snee: So we told you in Q1, Ken, that we're working to get the structure and process in place. We've had Glenn Leitch heading up our supply chain now for all of four months. And we are making progress in that area, and our focus is on progress. He's been very busy working on a number of different things, operational consistency, labor utilization, looking at our broad co-packer network. We had a question already around fright, and he has been active in that space. And so we are still in, I would say, the structure process and progress mode, and we’re pleased with the progress we’re making. But we are still not where we need to be in terms of the methodology.
Ken Zaslow: How long will that take before you have parameters in -- even if you don’t give us the details, when will you guys have inside into what you will accomplish by when, and if that will impact 2019?
Jim Snee: I think we have insights into what we’re achieving. So we know what we’re capturing. I think the issue for us is we want to make sure that those numbers, whether they are being reinvested are going through to the bottom line that is still a work in process for us. Cost savings, as we’ve told you, is not new to us, it’s something that we've had throughout our business for a very long time. We are just trying to take a more global approach to it.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: I guess my first question would be around refrigerated, and maybe just trying to get a little more color on the performance and the expectation with organic volumes still down year-on-year. Is that just a function of your lower harvest levels internally? And I mean the price mix was up year-on-year despite pork price declines, especially deli price declines. I am just trying to think about how that mix really evolved between some of your more commodity products on the sell side and the value-added, some other pieces in there?
Jim Snee: I mean we’ve said for some time in refrigerated foods, the focus on the long term trend really is for growing our value-added sales. And we know that there's going to be some short term noise with changes in markets and commodity profits. And I think we’re still seeing that play out. Some of the new capacity has come online much slower than announced. But we’re still worried about controlling what we can control, and really that's driving our value-added business. And we’re doing that with Natural Choice, Bacon 1, the strategic acquisition of Columbus, which is doing very well. And that's the refrigerated food story going forward. And so we’re pleased with that business. We are and we did say that the volume growth was driven by those acquisitions. And so we’re pleased that those strategies are playing out as well.
Adam Samuelson: And then on the acquisitions, I mean, can you talk about how they were doing themselves organically between Columbus and Fontanini. And as we think about just where those have been performing?
Jim Snee: I would tell you that both of those are meeting our expectations, and both of them are showing growth year-over-year. They’re in different stages of the integration process. Fontanini, we’ve got the operations piece integrated, and we’re ahead on the sales and marketing integration in the food service. From a Columbus perspective, we are starting the systems and operations integration here the next several weeks. And then the sales and marketing integration is a work in process but that will be up and running for fiscal 2019.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Farha Aslam of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam: My first question is really focused on a broader pricing question, I mean, as you look to cross the various parts of your business. How successful have you been in terms of implementing pricing for freight, packaging and commodity? And could you share with us your ability to price in the current market environment to protect margins?
Jim Snee: Just as a reminder, there’re different ways that we price in both the food service and retail channel; in our food service business, we probably are on 30 day lag; on the retail side of the business, probably more like 60 days. And we feel like we are still in a very strong position to be able to take pricing when appropriate. And we think what happened to our business towards the tail end of last year really supports that position. If you think about how we were faced with significant input cost increases, in six of our seven largest inputs, we took pricing on Wholly Guacamole, SKIPPY, chili, stew, hash. And it’s not easy but we were able to get that pricing through. So it's not easy but it certainly is achievable. And then I think you can see how that plays out as we wrap up the second quarter, some of the items that we’re talking about that showed growth were Wholly, chili, stew, and hash. So we believe that we have the appropriate pricing power when necessary. On the freight side of the business, wouldn't say that we’ve recaptured all the freight costs. But I think the fact that we’re going at it in a myriad of different ways is the right way to do it.
Farha Aslam: And then a very specific question. Could you address the contract manufacturing? Is that declined simply your purposeful exit of lower margin business? Is that something that will continue to be a factor for Hormel, or is this contained in the current quarter?
Jim Snee: Well, our contract manufacturing business is -- it’s not a strategic play for us. It is and I think we’ve been pretty open about it. It is more of a capacity play for us. And I think we all see what’s happening in the contract manufacturing environment. It’s a tough competitive environment. We experienced that this quarter. And we know that it's going to continue to be a challenge. Our goal in all of it is we want to fill up our capacity with our value added sales, and that’s our number one goal. So it has an impact this quarter, and we do see it ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter and from year-to-year.
Farha Aslam: So not a significant factor longer term?
Jim Snee: I am sorry?
Farha Aslam: So not a significant factor longer term, it’s a quarter specific issue?
Jim Snee: More of a quarter specific issue, we do see it adding ebb and flow over time.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Heather Jones of The Vertical Group. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Heather Jones: I was wondering, did I hear you say that you expect deli prices to flat year-on-year, flattish year-on-year for the second half?
Jim Sheehan: That’s correct, Heather.
Heather Jones: And just for this last year, the second half, you had -- not you, but the deli pricing in general was up dramatically, and inventories are much higher this year. Just curious as to why you all are expecting that?
Jim Sheehan: It’s an average. We’ve see a lot of volatility in the deli prices and on average, we see them relatively flat to last year. They are lower right now than last year. So again, these are all markets that have been very volatile that's our best estimate at this time.
Heather Jones: And on your food service side, you mentioned a 30 day lag. And from what I understand, and if I’m misunderstanding please correct me, before I understand, those tend to be cost pass through. But on the retail side, pricing is sticker on the way up and the way down. But I was wondering, given the environment out there on the consumer side. What have you been experiencing thus far and the ability to keep pricing at the retail level, given some pull back and some of the input cost you mention, like trim and deli and avocados? And have you so far this quarter, and all of you’ve experiencing success with keeping pricing in place?
Jim Snee: Heather, on the food service side of the business, I think you talk about it being a cost pass through, and we do see some of that. But I would tell you in our food service business, we really believe we have some stickiness in the pricing as well. On the retail side of the business, we have been able to hold on to the price increases that we saw at the end of last year. And then also, we've seen strong volume growth in many of those brands that we took pricing on. So the Wholly Guacamol, chilis, stew, has items, we have retained pricing and we’ve seen some nice volume growth.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from the Eric Larson of the Buckingham Research Group. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Just a question on the turkey side of the business, again. I think you dialed up your -- last year you took your advertising off of Jennie-O and some of the major programs. And I think you’ve now reinstated that and that what we’re going to -- again negatively impact to your second, your two --. What do we need to see -- we saw cold storage come down for turkey in most recent months that just came out. And what do -- is it just cutting back of supplies here again Jim that we still need to see and maybe fewer pull placements? What is it that’s gets this extended lot longer than we’ve thought declined in the Turkey business back on track?
Jim Sheehan: Eric I would look for a couple of things. We’re seeing of the harvest level go down 3% as we talked about, that's a good indicator. The pull placements, if I were to give you a number, it’d probably be 5% to see a 5% decline in pull placements would tell us that we’re getting there. Breast meats, in general on a $2 breast meat, the market becomes healthy again. What’s the real drag now is this whole bird situation, which whole bird inventory is still up 14%, the market I think is at $0.87 right now, $0.84 somewhere in there. And that pricing is going to drag on until the first quarter. So we certainly see some good indications that things are turning the right direction.
Jim Snee: And Eric you're also correct. I mean we are going to be back with our very successful Make the Switch campaign. We know and we've seeing the results that can deliver. And we are focused on the value-added portfolio at Jennie-O with our lean ground turkey Oven Ready product. So all of things, in concert, is really what lead us to have our view that we’ll see growth in the first half of 2019.
Eric Larson: And then just another follow up, I know you touched base on already. I guess, the issue with CytoSport that you said it's a competitive issue again. And I guess what surprised me was that it was just -- it seemed like, like your first quarter, you really did have maybe some improvement in that whole dynamic. And it just seemed to reverse very quickly and oddly again. Is it a particular one player out there that's doing this? I mean, I guess we're -- I'm lacking the seed just going on there.
Jim Snee: There is one very aggressive competitor in the marketplace. In the category itself, I mean, we saw -- the most recent report, we saw some share growth. But we saw a sales decline, because we had to be very aggressive and take on that competitive activity. And so I mean you're right. In the first quarter, we did feel like maybe we'd turned the corner, but the second quarter did not continue that trend. And we know that we still have to work to get our distribution line. We've got a great distribution partner with Pepsi, but we haven't solved it yet. And so we are working on a lot of fronts in terms of distribution, messaging, pricing, branding. It's all hands on deck and we do believe the transition from specialty and grocery products will help over the long-term.
Eric Larson: Okay, thanks. I know there’s other questions so I'll get back in the queue. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: A handful of questions here, you mentioned the price increases on stews, Wholly Guacamole and SKIPPY. But for your grocery products pricing in the quarter, unless I'm doing the math wrong, was it down organically?
Jim Sheehan: Yes, it was, Rob. It was mainly driven by CytoSport. So remember, we've got the consolidation of specialty foods, which is now CytoSport and also grocery products.
Robert Moskow: So ex that, do you think your pricing was up in like your traditional retail grocery division?
Jim Sheehan: That's correct, Rob. I would say our grocery products core was up low single digits in sales.
Robert Moskow: In sales, okay. But pricing unclear…
Jim Sheehan: And pricing, yes. Exactly, yes.
Robert Moskow: And then you do have some steel can cost exposure. I was trying to do some math in my earnings preview. Can you give us a sense of when that will start to flow through, and whether you would need more pricing again?
Jim Sheehan: For the steel impact on our business, it runs probably 1% to 2% of our cost of goods. We have not seen a pricing impact. We don't expect to see pricing impact for the balance of this year. And at this point, it’s looks like it’s going to be on product coming from China. Our supply chain is not dependent on the product coming from China. The soonest that we would see increases, just on a regular increased basis, would be in calendar 2019.
Robert Moskow: And a different just a question, seed cost for turkey. I thought those seed costs would start to raise -- ride higher -- that doesn’t appear to be in your outlook though?
Jim Sheehan: No, we have higher seed cost in the second half. We’ve seen some volatile pricing because of the weather in South America strong demand. There has been delayed planting in the U.S., so the main driver is higher soybean deal. And we are hedged for half two and some of 2019 between 25% and 75% through derivatives and forward purchases.
Robert Moskow: And then last versus last question. One of your protein competitors was talking about a slow start to the grilling season this year, because of cold weather in April. Has that impacted your business at all? And do you think this was a one month thing and it comes right back again?
Jim Snee: We haven’t seen that kind of impact, Rob. Our value-added business in our refrigerated foods segment continues to be healthy. And I mean, one of our impact there might be, I would suspect, that it is a short-term impact and then it comes back.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Benjamin Theurer of Barclays. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Just a quick question. Basically following up on what you've laid out about a year ago with your priorities. And one of that was that you’ve mentioned that you’re considering divesting non-strategic assets. Now, taking a look at the performance at the CytoSport, I mean, you’ve for sure got the question in the past. But just considering the ongoing challenges in sales, it’s basically dilutive in a certain degree to the category here. Is that something which is on the table and under discussion to get potentially sold at some stage if you're not going to be able to turn the business around? What's your take on that more from a medium-term strategic approach on that business?
Jim Snee: The finest pork business is on trend, it’s a great addition to our portfolio and we still like the business. Have we had some headwinds and challenges? Some in our control, some outside control absolutely. I think, from a more holistic approach, I mean we are still committed to reviewing our entire portfolio and making sure that it's a good healthy strategic review. And for those businesses that no longer make sense, we will take the appropriate action. So we haven’t backed off that strategic perspective. But I would say at this point CytoSPort is still very positive business, very on trend and a great addition to our portfolio.
Benjamin Theurer: And then on the second topic, actually goes into the same direction more of that medium term strategic outlook on -- if you have any update on your planning for the supply chain modernization? What’s focus next steps? And where do you think challenges might arise over the coming quarters on that integration target?
Jim Snee: So as I said, we had Glenn Leitch in a role now for about four months and he has been busy with a number of different initiatives, getting into operational consistency across all of our facilities as we break down the different silos going from a business unit approach to one global supply chain, looking at labor utilization, efficiencies. We’ve got a very broad co-packer network and looking for opportunities for improvement there. Freight, obviously, has been probably a disproportionate amount of the time that they’re working on. As we again work on minimizing miles, maximizing weight and working with our customers. He is also looking at ways to mitigate moderate volatility throughout the supply chain. Inventory management is a key focus. So there certainly are a number of things that he's working on. And for us, the base thing is that they’re finding and going to continue to find efficiencies that we wouldn't have found without having this one supply chain across our organization.
Benjamin Theurer: And if you then -- you’ve just mentioned it that would be just in regards to that. What were issues? Why, what -- you mentioned that inventories went up, so that was basically because of the acquisitions and it’s just not optimized yet at the acquired assets? Or is there some sourcing issues, and then you have to work with longer inventories? So just to get an idea, because you’ve mentioned in cash conversion cycles a focus, and obviously inventory is an important part here. So just to understand what drove the increase in inventory, aside from the acquisition -- the issues on acquisition asset level, that's basically the question?
Jim Snee: The main driver was the acquisition of the businesses. We've taken three days out of our past cycle. We identified that as one of our priorities. So we've been very pleased with the progress that we’re making on the number of days of inventory we’re holding, turning our receivables quicker, and also taking advantage of our ability to manage our accounts payable better. So we’re very pleased with the progress we've made on the improvement in the cash conversion cycle.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. We’ll now take a follow-up question from Ms. Heather Jones of The Vertical Group. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Just had a quick question on turkey. So you mentioned whole bird and those inventories are relatively heavy. On the value added side, the strength you’ve had in oven and ground turkey. Are you starting to see a return in profitability in that piece of the business close to what we had pre-AI before all distortion of AI and all? Are margins there getting close to what they were historically, and it’s just the whole bird piece that’s weighing things down?
Jim Snee: So we expect to see margin improvement on the value-added business as we continue to move through the cycle. I mean, it is what you said. I mean, the whole bird impact right now is really is weighing the business down.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take a follow up question from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montréal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Two questions, one is on the -- you discussed the turkey outlook for 2019 a little bit. Can you frame the other businesses and how you think about it? And I think last quarter you guys implied that you guys would be largely back or approaching your long-term growth rate. Is that still a fair assumption? Is there anything that changed in your outlook for 2019?
Jim Sheehan: As we think about 2019, Ken, we always tell you we haven’t started the formal process yet. But we’re still very optimistic about the earnings power that we feel like we've created through the strategic acquisitions, the CapEx investment that we’re making and the focus on those strategic imperatives. For refrigerated foods, continued strong fundamentals and growing our value-added sales, both in retail and food service. The impact of the new deli group, as a growth vehicle for refrigerated foods, will play a positive role. In grocery products, we expect continued momentum in the core grocery products portfolio, and we’re going to continue to be working to get CytoSport back on track in that GP model also. JOTS is going to be an ongoing recovery in turkey, and then our lean ground turkey, our Oven Ready products, the whole value added initiative. So we do see that return to growth in 2019. And I'm still very optimistic about our international business. The new plant in China is adding the much-needed capacity. The business is healthy. Our branded exports are very strong. The addition of Ceratti in Brazil is going well with good volume growth. So we’re optimistic about the business going forward as we head into 2019.
Ken Zaslow: And the acquisitions, can you remind us how much accretion there would be from each of them? I think you said one but not both of them. Can you just talk about the accretion contribution in 2019 from both of them?
Jim Sheehan: We’ve said Columbus was going to be accretive by $0.02 in 2018 and Fontanini -- Ceratti was going to be basically $0.01…
Ken Zaslow: And it was up 2019, I thought there was a nickel from…
Jim Sheehan: 2019 Columbus will be accretive $0.06 to $0.08 and Ceratti will -- we haven’t really said anything yet.
Ken Zaslow: Is there a reason that wouldn’t be accretive by the nickel region, is that a fair parameter to start with?
Jim Sheehan: We’re still evaluating the business, it will be accretive. We haven’t identified what the final accretion will be.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take a follow-up question from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: So operating profit -- in refrigerated, acquisitions added 13% to the quarter. Can you give us a sense of how much profit it added, was it close to 13% as well?
Jim Sheehan: Well, I mean, obviously, it had a very positive impact on the business, both Columbus and the Fontanini. So I mean, still a very positive impact for refrigerated. Refrigerated was up without them but it did have a -- it was an addition.
Robert Moskow: And then just the last one. I think you and Jim have been very cautious in your commentary about what savings to expect from this supply chain consolidation, and you've mentioned efficiencies. But the word reinvestment keeps popping up. Are you finding that as you dig deeper into the supply chain that there is a lot of need for reinvestment in labor, logistics and things like that?
Jim Snee: From our perspective, the areas that are going to need investment is, automation clearly, is one of them. And as we think about what's happening with the labor force, going forward, we're just -- it's an issue we're going to have to deal with, and automation will be an area that can help us. From a distribution perspective, I do think that we're going to have to continue to evaluate our distribution structure as we have changes into the business with some of these acquisitions and where it may be, where their supply chains are located. But a lot of that is just normal course of business. We don't see a significant change to our maintenance CapEx level. We see our investments really coming -- continuing to come to drive our value-added capacity needs. But the supply chain is doing some great work to make sure that we're properly aligned for the future.
Operator: Thank you. It appears there are no further questions, at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Great. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We are pleased with the record earnings announced, and I'm confident in our strategic priorities and our direction, as well as our ability to continue to proactively manage the challenges facing us for the balance of this year. We have an experienced and talented team in place that will allow us to overcome these challenges, deliver our key results and continue to drive growth for our shareholders. Have a safe Memorial Day weekend.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-02-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Nathan Annis - Director of IR Jim Snee - Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Sheehan - SVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rupesh Parikh - Oppenheimer Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, please find your seats. We’d like to welcome Hormel back to CAGNY for the last presentation of the day. Please join me in thanking the company for sponsoring a tasting of new products right outside this room following this presentation. Hormel has been busy today having just reported earnings this morning and thank you very much for coming. Hormel is a 125 year old company with $9 billion of sales in branded foods and meat products. Hormel has been acquisitive in growing into a broader food company and continues to invest in faster growing channels. We have today Jim Snee, Chairman, President and CEO and Jim Sheehan, SVP and CFO. While this is Jim Snee’s second time presenting at CAGNY. This will be his first time presenting as Chairman, President and CEO.  Now let's kick it off. Jim Snee?
Jim Snee: Great. Well, thanks, Janet, and thanks to all of you for sharing the end of your day with us. Jim Sheehan and I are truly pleased to be in sunny Florida, because about six hours from now we are going to have a much different environment after we get back home to Minnesota. It’s a pleasure to be here to share our first quarter results, update you on our progress against several key initiatives and provide more detail on the next growth engine for Hormel Foods.  As you would expect, we will be sharing some forward-looking statements that may differ from actual results and you can see a detailed list of risk factors in our recently filed Annual Report which is available on our website.  It was a primer for those of you who may not be as familiar with our business; Hormel Foods is a $9.2 billion company with approximate market cap of $18 billion. And we are ranked number 8 as one of the top corporate citizens and we take a lot of pride in that ranking as we believe that’s a true testament to our inspired team of over 20,000 people.  We have been around now for 126 years and we’ve got a very long track record of success on a number of different fronts. We have been able to deliver earnings growth 28 out of the last 32 years and we’ve been able to increase our dividend every year for the last 52 years including double-digit increases over the last nine years.  And our business operates in four distinct reporting segments, the largest of which is Refrigerated Foods and represents approximately 50% of our sales. And think about the business being one-third refrigerated retail, one-third food service and the remaining one-third being fresh pork and some of our subsidiaries. This portfolio continues to be focused on value-added branded sales growth. Grocery products is our next largest segment at about 25% of our sales and has some of the strongest and most iconic brands across its ever-broadening portfolio. Brands like SPAM, which celebrated its 80th birthday last year and also had record sales in 2017, along with Skippy, which has been a great core business for us and also a fantastic innovation platform as our Skippy PB Bites were selected as the most innovative new item in the grocery industry last year. And those iconic legacy brands are now joined by some of our more recent brands like Justin’s, and Wholly Guacamole. Jennie-O Turkey Store is our vertically integrated turkey business focused on putting more turkey on more plates. On-trend brands like Jennie-O lean ground turkey and Jennie-O Oven Ready turkey continue to resonate and grow with today’s consumer.  And finally, our international segment is our smallest segment, but offers us a lot of opportunity and we operate this business through a combination of exports, joint venture and licensing partnerships and multinational, in-country businesses both in China and now Brazil. And we do have a very strong branded presence across the entire food space. I talked about our international business, which is housed entirely in our international segment. But our Food Service business, which is about 30% of our business is housed in both our Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store business. With our Food Service business, we sell to a number of different segments, so think about hotels, restaurants, hospitals, colleges and universities. On the retail side of the business, which is over 60% of our business, we’ve got very strong brands in our Refrigerated Foods business, in our Jennie-O Turkey Store and in our Grocery Products segment. We have 35 brands that are number one or number two in the categories in which they compete and we cover the entire footprint of any retail grocery store with those 35 brands. So there aren’t too many places that you can go into a retail outlet and not come across a strong Hormel brands.  At our 2017 Investor Day, we outlined our business imperatives and I am pleased to report that we have made tremendous progress since that time. We talked about evolving to a broader food company and while that certainly is about our product portfolio, it is also about meeting the consumer, when, where and how they are shopping and the acquisition of Columbus Craft Meats puts us squarely in the sweet spot for where today’s consumers are shopping. We are expanding and accelerating our Food Service business through the acquisition of Fontanini and value-added capital expenditure investments like the one we are making in Wichita Kansas to support our growing retail and Food Service franchises. We are increasing our global presence with the Brazilian acquisition of Ceratti and capital investments that we’ve made in China. And we will continue to evaluate all facets of our business to make sure that we have alignment with our growth strategies and where we don’t, we will take the appropriate action. And our teams continue to move more and more business away from commodity sales into branded value-added sales as we look to reduce volatility and increase balance in our portfolio. And finally, we are in the process of modernizing our supply chain. We have made good progress, but we still have work to do. And we will continue to drive towards our corporate key results with our unmatched ability to develop and grow brands, our relentless quest to drive accretive innovation and continuing to find strategic acquisitions that allow us to continue to grow and evolve. So there are few key messages that we want you to take away from today. Obviously, we reported our first quarter earnings, a strong quarter of earnings growth and we also increased our guidance for fiscal year 2018. Since CAGNY seems to always fall, during our first quarter earnings release, we will take this opportunity to provide more color about the quarter and what the rest of the year has in store for us. Second, the benefit of tax reform clearly provides additional funds to invest into our business and allows us to enhance our invest and grow approach for the balance of 2018 and beyond.  And our third key message is to provide a deeper dive into our most recent acquisition, Columbus Craft Meats and detail for you why and how we see this as our company’s next growth engine. So this morning we announced our 2018 first quarter results and we’re pleased to report a quarter of strong earnings growth.  We had a record quarter driven by a strong performance from Grocery Products, as well as the positive impact of tax reforms. Now these were partially offset by the continued oversupply situation at Jennie-O Turkey Store and significant freight increases with the biggest impact of those freight increases coming in our perishable freight, both in Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store. On a segment basis, this is the first time we are reporting a merged Specialty Foods and Grocery Products segments. First quarter sales growth came from numerous brands across the portfolio including Wholly Guacamole, Muscle Milk, HERDEZ, and SPAM. Our MegaMex joint venture and lower SG&A expenses help drive earnings growth. Our Specialty Foods and Grocery Products team are working on the integration of those two divisions into the new Grocery Products. And this is what the new Grocery Products will look like. Our private-label business is being merged into the existing simple meals pillar.  These businesses utilize the same production assets and will now have the same reporting and decision-making structure. We’ve seen our grocery products portfolio evolve over time. And the addition of CytoSport Muscle Milk will provide another strong branded business under the pillar of functional nutrition. And our new leadership team at CytoSport is making great progress with this business. Refrigerated Foods saw sales growth across its very broad and branded portfolio. Food Service brands like Hormel Bacon 1 and MASTERPIECES Pizza toppings were joined by retail brands like Black Label Bacon and Applegate.  Earnings were impacted by the divestiture of Farmer John, which is now annualized after the first quarter, Columbus acquisition costs and higher freight cost. We also saw continued input cost volatility which was expected for fiscal 2018.  Jennie-O Turkey Store continues to face industry oversupply pressure. Continued sales growth for Jennie-O lean ground turkey and Jennie-O oven ready turkey were offset by lower whole bird sales. Reduced harvest levels, lower commodity prices, and increased freight costs all pressured profits. Turkey breast markets were lower than last year and below our expectations. We planned to continue to invest in this strong brand through advertising and promotional spend in order to keep this brand front and center with both operators and customers. Our International business was in line with our expectations. Sales increased with the addition of Ceratti, increased exports and strong business in China. Production of SPAM is now up and running in-country in China and sales are contributing to the top-line. Higher input cost for exports negatively impacted margins.  Now I’d like to also take this opportunity to update you on the progress we are making since the announcement of our reorganized supply chain. I want to reiterate that we do not have a broken supply chain, but we do have a complex supply chain with over 30 plants, a broad co-packer network using over 10,000 supply items to make over 10,000 SKUs. Now over the years, we’ve done a nice job with our bottom up continuous improvement process. However, there is work that we need to do to take a more top down approach to simplify, modernize, optimize and where appropriate, perhaps rationalize.  Now we told you that we were focused on the structure and the process. We’ve made good progress on the structure. We now have Glenn Leitch in place as the Executive Vice President of Supply Chain and he has been in place officially for about a month as we work through other transitions backfilling his position. As for the process, we are confident in our ability to identify and capture efficiencies, but continue to improve our ability to purposely retain and allocate those efficiencies. Our supply chain structure is built on four somewhat redundant platforms and we know there will be significant efficiencies available by combining into one strategic and integrated supply chain.  So as we look to the full year, we are increasing our guidance from the current range of $162 to $1.72 to a range of $1.81 to $1.95. Our expectations for Refrigerated Food, Grocery Products and International have not changed. We are expecting a slower than planned recovery at Jennie-O Turkey Store, as well as continued freight pressure. The positive impact of tax reform is increasing earnings. We’ve recognized that this is a complex reconciliation from our previous guidance to our new guidance. While there are some headwinds related to the Jennie-O business and freight, the cash benefit of tax reform has allowed us to take and invest and grow approach versus a protect and defend approach.  We are making investments this year that we would not have otherwise made. We are making new investments in our people, brands, communities, as well as automation and technology. And as we always do, we’ll be monitoring key industry dynamics closely.  It is now my pleasure to turn things to over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial strategies.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon. I’ll start by identifying a few key factors impacting our Q1 results and the remainder of the year. I will provide insight into each of these factors including our outlook. In the turkey industry, pulp placements and cold storage inventories are key indicators of market conditions. The chart on the left shows pulp placements.  As you can see, pulp placements have fluctuated, but we are not seeing sustained decreases. As the chart on the right indicates, inventory levels remain above last year. The continued high cold storage inventories that oppress markets and pulp placement metrics have tampered our expectation for turkey for the remainder of the year. At the pork industry, we continue to focus on exports and domestic demand, as well as the balance between production capacity and hog supply. Export demand remains robust. Domestically, pork continues to clear the market at favorable prices. As we expected, hog prices were volatile in the first quarter. We expect continued short-term volatility to occur as additional production comes online.  The hog supply increased 3% last year and we expect an additional increase of 3% to 4% in 2018. As shown on the chart, cold storage inventories are returning to normalized levels. We feel the additional capacity is impacting inventory levels and will eventually provide us with additional sources of raw material. We also feel inventories returning to normalized levels will decrease the volatility in the markets. Our analysis supports that under the existing market conditions, our current harvest level provides the company with favorable raw material cost. We are closely watching the fundamentals. We have the flexibility to adjust our source of raw materials based on long-term changes in market conditions.  Key markets were generally aligned with expectations for the quarter, but the continued short-term volatility remains a challenge. The chart shows the volatility at the belly market since 2017. The magnitude and speed of the changes demonstrates the challenges of managing margins and forecasting consumer demand.  Although less dramatic in bellies, volatility is also impacting the company with hog, hog sport trim and beef. Some of the earnings fluctuations we are seeing in quarterly results are driven by the timing of the market changes. With the exception of turkey, we still expect market trends to be in line with our overall expectations at the beginning of the year. Although we plan for much higher freight cost, the level of increases exceeded our expectation. Freight expenses negatively impacted the first quarter , especially Refrigerated and Jennie O. We are working with our customers to find mutually beneficial solutions that are sustainable and will mitigate the impact for the remainder of the year.  Hormel will receive a significant benefit from tax reform on both an earnings and cash flow perspective. Along with the lower statutory rates, the first quarter benefited from the one-time reduction of our deferred tax liability resulting in an effective tax rate of 0.6% for the quarter. We expect our effective tax rate for 2018 to be between 17.5% and 20.5%.  The long-term expected tax rate is between 21.5% and 24.5%. The cash flow benefit from tax reform in 2018 is approximately $110 million. The long-term impact will be between $100 million and $140 million annually. The impact will allow us to provide enhanced shareholder return while investing in our business, employees and communities.  Investments in the business will begin in the second quarter. We will provide additional support to advertising, and promotional activities. In 2018, we expect to increase advertising expenses in excess of 20% above last year. The company will invest additional capital into projects focused on plant automation, technologies and value-added capacity. Investing in our people at Hormel – people and communities is a priority for Hormel. The lowest allowable starting rates will be increased to $14 per hour by the end of 2020. We recently announced stock option grants for all 21,000 employees and we are increasing community donations by $25 million over the next five years. In the first quarter, operating cash flow increased 56%. Beginning in the second quarter, our strong cash flow will be enhanced by the impact of tax reform. As Jim has already stated, our long history of increasing our dividends. We are committed to maintaining our dividend, Aristocrat membership by continuing to increase dividends in the future.  We will continue to repurchase shares to offset stock option dilutions and based on our evaluation of the market.  Previously, we have communicated our goal of optimizing the balance sheet for growth. We utilized the balance to make $1.4 billion worth of acquisitions in the past year. 2018 also represents the largest capital expenditures in the company’s history at $425 million as we modernize and expand our facilities to support value-added and innovative products.  We currently have $880 million in debt and the clear capacity to make additional investments through disciplined acquisitions and internal projects. We have taken all of these actions while maintaining our investment grade rating.  These are the key initiatives to organize the business for growth and focus on strategic cost management. The goal of strategic cost management is not to just cut cost. The goal is to deliver long-term growth. It is a thoughtful approach of reallocating resources to strategic initiatives while finding efficiencies and synergies throughout the organization.  The Fontanini, Columbus, Grocery Products, Supply Chain and Deli integrations are in progress. We are on track to attain the expected synergies in 2018 and we have found second phase synergies for the future. Zero basing was implemented in selected departments last year has already delivered benefits. Zero basing is being expanded into the remainder of the business including supply chain, sales and subsidiaries. We are developing tools and processes to validate and communicate our progress in capturing and retaining the identified savings. Before disclosing the savings, our priority is to assure the information as accurate and reliable.  Thank you. I’ll now pass the presentation back to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee : Well, great. Thanks, Jim, great update on a very complex but beneficial topics. The third key message and final part of our presentation this afternoon is focused on our company’s next growth engine and that our newly created Deli division.  And make no mistake about it, Hormel is poised to win in the Deli. It’s the right category to be in with the right portfolio of product offerings and strong brands including the newly acquired Columbus Craft Meats brand. The growth of the Deli is far outpacing other parts of the retail outlet. And in fact, it’s outpacing total food by over four times. And not only is that Deli growing at a faster rate of other parts of the store, it’s growing its footprint as more and more space continues to be allocated to this very important part of any retailer’s business.  And this Deli business is made up of four key areas. The first of which is behind the glass and this is what we all remember as the Deli, right, either whole pieces of meat, sliced to your preference or more recently, a wide array of already sliced product and I will tell you, the rumors about the demise of behind the glass are a bit presumptuous as you can see, this remains a sizable and growing segment with premium brands fueling this growth.  The next segment is Grab and Go. And Grab and Go is where you will find typically pre-packaged meats, pre-packaged cheeses or perhaps a combination of the two. Next, prepared foods, this is no longer about just macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes.  As consumers continue to have less and less time, they are now including this area of the store in their consideration set for on-the-go food and retailers are looking for higher quality, signature offerings. And finally, in-store restaurants are what many of us know as Grocerants. Many times they are freestanding restaurants within the retail outlets, but wherever they are, it’s clear that this is the wheelhouse of our strong branded Food Service business.  And all of these segments combined, they are all significant in size and growing. Combined, this is a $35 billion opportunity and growing. But the opportunity in growth doesn’t come without challenges for today’s retailers. Whether it’s finding labor, dealing with shrink or dealing with changing consumer preferences. Our solutions-based approach takes the burden away from our retail partners. We have the right products, and insights to keep this business growing and relevant.  And while the shopping landscape continues to evolve and change, traditional retailers continue to have a unique point of difference to attract customers. They can provide a very authentic and fresh experience in an area where consumers come to discover, and are inspired to try new products. And it’s safe to say that today’s consumers are all about the experience.  So one thing should now be crystal clear. This is not our parent’s Deli. The Deli is no longer only a place where you order a pound of your favorite protein sliced to your desired thickness. Simply said, the Deli of the past is not the Deli of the future where today terms like quarter pound, half pound, paper thin, extra thick are joined by words like Charcuterie, artisanal, crafted, and millennials.  So, now you know what the Deli of today looks like and you also know why this sizable high growth category is so attractive and appealing, but none of this matters if there isn’t a how and for us that how is the recent acquisition of Columbus Craft Meats that positions Hormel to compete and win in the Deli of the future.  For those of you who aren’t as familiar with Columbus Craft Meats, allow me to formally introduce you to this great company that delivers premium products, premium growth and premium margins. And I’d like to share a short video that highlights this amazing heritage and success.  So I think you can see why we are so excited to have Columbus as the newest member of the Hormel family. Because to compete and win in the Deli, you need to have a wide array of high-quality product offerings, being marketed and sold by a direct sales organization that has experience, expertise and relationships that can capitalize on having meaningful scale to provide a package of total Deli solutions. Hormel Foods is well-positioned to compete and win. And it starts with the products. Hormel Foods has always had a strong product representation in many of the Deli segments, but the acquisition of Columbus really helps us close some of those gaps with items like Charcuterie trays and high-quality artisanal meats.  Additionally, our unmatched array of Deli solutions far outpaces any of the competitors in this space and they simply cannot match the breadth or depth of our solutions.  Now we’ve had strong behind the glass expertise with brands like Jennie O and Di Lusso Deli. We are the Turkey experts at Jennie O, the ham experts at Hormel and now we are the dry sausage experts with the addition of Columbus. The addition of our Applegate brand now affords us the opportunity to offer the leading natural and organic brand as well.  We also bring innovation to the fast-growing Grab and Go section with our party tray gatherings and culinary pairings, while the addition of Columbus allows us to add authentic items like Columbus Paninos and salami. As you can imagine, we have a very long runway for growth with high-quality, signature offerings.  And no one provides food service solutions like Hormel does and we are incredibly well-positioned to deliver our host of branded solutions to prepared foods and in-store restaurants. Great food service brands like AUSTIN BLUES, Cafe H and now Fontanini are perfect solutions as retailers search for high-quality signature offerings.  And when you put it all together, we now bring unmatched knowledge in both Deli and Food Service. Expertise in bringing solution-based selling and game-changing innovation while leveraging incredibly powerful brands to this high growth area. Hormel, Hormel Food Service, Jennie O, Applegate, and now Columbus, truly a dream team of brands. And we are supporting this initiative by putting one of our best performers in charge of this new Deli division. Last week, we named Jeff Baker as the Group Vice President of Deli a newly created role. This role will consolidate all Deli sales into one highly focused division reporting into Refrigerated Foods. Jeff, most recently led our highly successful Food Service business and he also has deep retail Deli experience. He will be able to leverage our Food Service strategy as he understands how to manage and motivate a direct sales organization and provide thought leadership, solution-based selling and industry-changing innovations to the marketplace.  Now I said we had a large Deli business before acquiring Columbus, but the Columbus acquisition dramatically increases our points of distribution that can be leveraged against a much broader portfolio. Columbus also boosts our presence out west where we are traditionally weaker with our current Hormel brands. We believe we have a very long runway as we start to help Columbus migrate east successfully. Columbus brings an excellent direct sales force that is a perfect complement to our current sales team and will allow us to deliver our solutions-based selling model to any major retail channel. Combined, our new Deli group will be almost $1 billion in sales, which gives us meaningful scale. So Hormel is poised to take full advantage and win in this high growth, on trend Deli of the future and this is the next growth engine for Hormel Foods.  We are positioned to be the new leader in the Deli with approximately $1 billion in sales, aggressive growth expectations that are in line with category growth and our corporate growth goals and margins will be accretive over time.  Now the good news and Janet mentioned it upfront, we’ve brought some of the great Columbus products today, and they are being served by some of the great team members from Columbus and we hope that you will be able to enjoy some of the premium craft meats and Charcuterie on your way out of our session.  So to recap, three key messages for today. Strong first quarter earnings and increased guidance for fiscal year 2018. Tax reform does provide additional funds to invest in our business and third, our new Deli group will be the company’s next growth engine.  I want to thank you for your time this afternoon and with our remaining time. Jim and Nathan and I would be happy to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
Unidentified Analyst: Just wondering if you could give a little more color, you touched on this a little bit, but with the tax reform savings, it looks like if you take the midpoint of the prior tax rate range and new one that’s maybe you have a $0.33 lift, does that seem about right? And could you give us a sense of how it breaks down in broad strokes at least some of the discretionary items versus maybe some freight headwinds.  And then, a little bit related to that, could you just touch on what some of your options are for how you are thinking about offsets on the freight side, is it just pricing, is there some flexibility and how you think about that and what kind of trajectory should we expect on how that might play out? 
Jim Snee: I’m sorry, I missed the last part. 
Unidentified Analyst: Just in terms of the freight pressure, what are some of your ways to handle that and how long would it take to see some of those come through?
Jim Snee: Okay, great. So, I think the first part in terms of the gap perhaps that you are talking about for the tax benefit. As you think about it, probably the best way we’d say that about half of that could be allocated to the headwinds at Jennie O Turkey Store and freight. And then, the other half really would be allocated to some of the additional investments that we described.  I think the one thing that we want to be clear about, we said it in our presentation, but I think it’s a very important piece in this idea of taking and invest and grow approach versus a protect and defend approach. I mean, we are making some investments this year that we would not have otherwise made. And so, it’s giving us an opportunity to do that.  But that’s really how you should think about probably the – perhaps the gap. On the freight side, we talked about having this co-operational collaboration with our customers, so that we can reach mutually agreed upon solutions that are sustainable. We know there is school of thought out there that says, it’s all going through to the consumer.  We believe that we can work with our customers, whether it’s how we're filling trucks, the routes that we're doing, the number of shipments that we can work hard to potentially offset that. Those conversations are taking place right now, but I mean, we don’t have a timeline for when that’s going to happen and the other part of it is, I mean, we are not opposed to passing along those freight cost, but before we get there, we certainly want to have those conversations to see if there is another way to reach a more sustainable solution. 
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Jim Snee: Yes. 
Nathan Annis: Rupesh.
Rupesh Parikh : Thanks for taking my question. So, on the Jennie O segment, I was wondering how you guys were thinking about the outlook for the balance of the year for Jennie O and then, if you look, I guess, post this year, when do you expect to return to potentially positive trends within that segment?
Jim Snee: Do you have the breakdown, Nathan? The breakdown when it'd be more positive for the back half of the year, when it will become positive. 
Nathan Annis: I will follow-up on that.
Jim Snee: Yes, Nathan will follow-up on, but I think for us, obviously this recovery has been slower than we expected. We have taken a pretty aggressive approach in how we were forecasting the whole bird market and it’s been below even what we expected and so that’s really been the key driver for the balance of the year and we are seeing some moderation in value-added pieces of business and now we’ve got to work through this whole bird piece.  Jim’s charts did a great job of identifying really the still continued volatility in pulp placements. We haven’t seen the sustained declines and then also really still the elevated cold storage supply and we said those are really the two key variables that are going to get us out sooner than faster. 
Nathan Annis: Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Two questions. With the investments, the recovery in turkey and cost savings, when will you return to your growth algorithm? And what would prevent you from achieving that in 2019? My second question is, can you frame the magnitude of savings in terms of order of magnitude, where we are seeing it from? Those are my two questions.
Jim Snee: Yes, so, I mean, I think, as we think about 2019, obviously, it’s early in the process, but the way we are thinking about it is we would expect recovery with Jennie O Turkey Store. We really like what we’ve done with the Refrigerated Foods portfolio with the addition of Fontanini for Food Service, but we described to you today as the growth – the next growth engine for Columbus.  Our International business is going to continue to move right along. We feel good about what’s happening in China, the addition of Ceratti. And Grocery Products, quite frankly is rock solid right now, so that core legacy portfolio, those pockets of growth are doing well. We saw improved performance from Muscle Milk. And so, I mean, we believe that that growth algorithm is still a very achievable number and from a cost perspective, I mean, a lot of what we’ve been doing is what Jim described as strategic cost management.
Jim Sheehan: I think one of the things to look at is the integration of the supply chain. If you think about running four separate supply chains that will go into one supply chain. If you think about everything from logistics, and warehousing and manufacturing, so that manufacturing plants become more available to the broad line of products. That probably provides us with the largest amount of opportunity for savings.  We will pick up the smaller savings along the way. I think the integration of Deli will provide great savings and synergies. Again, as you take three or four different groups that are trying to do things separately and you bring them into one. We see net savings by being very centralized in the back office and I think as we put that into the supply chain, you are going to see some big benefits. 
Ken Zaslow: Would be able to frame the number? Are we talking about $100 million, $200 million or $300 million, what are we talking about?
Jim Sheehan: We are working on that right now the big issue is, is everybody has their own ideas about savings and very honestly, if I would have taken everybody’s savings number that they originally gave me, they’ll probably couple billion dollars, because everybody thinks they're going to save a lot of money. So we are going through and we are really drilling down on those.  So, what’s going to get to the bottom-line? Our example that we view – you can have purchasing come in and say, we’ve saved 5% on those packaging, but have cost in other packaging have gone up, we are coming back and saying now you’ve held your packaging cost. The other thing is, how much we retain is a big issue for us.  You can come up with a savings number, but the less you retain it, delivered to the bottom-line, it’s really not that – not benefiting the shareholders. So we are working hard to come up with a number. We are getting much closer. 
Nathan Annis: Akshay. 
Akshay Jagdale : Thanks. So the question, I just wanted to ask somewhat of a follow-up to what Ken was talking about, but over the long-terms, I am just really looking for your perspective here, because your – this year is unusual from a growth perspective right, if you take out the tax positive impact, which is going to be one – I don’t know, thirty as you said, this is going to be thirty of earnings might be down, right.  So, it’s – you are making a strategic investment, right, in terms of brand building and other capabilities, it seems like a great move long-term, but how do you delineate between sort of commodity moves that are sort of transitory that you might be dealing with on turkey and on pork versus sort of the strength of your brands and portfolio long-term.  So why do you have confidence is really the question, why do you have confidence that you are going to get good long-term returns on these investments when you in a sort of “transition year”?
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean, I think, specifically if you want to talk about turkey, I mean, we are probably the only company in the turkey space that really is advertising and supporting the brand and promoting the category. And we know that that’s important to us, because we don’t want to be – if we are not doing that, we run the risk of becoming just a commoditized company.  And so, we believe that communicating the benefit of the brand and the value-added products is incredibly important, and so we are going to be back out in front. Several years ago, we ran to make the switch campaign. We did it again two years ago. Last year, as we got into the heat of the battle, we made some different decisions in terms of reallocating funds. We don’t think it’s a wise move to be off there or away from consumers for more than one year.  So we are going to make sure that investment is front and center this year. And I mean, we have that mentality across all of our brands. We’ve got 35 brands that are number one or number two and when we start talking about these pockets of growth that we have identified and we’ve been able to capitalize on, a lot of it is because we are great brand builders. We are great innovators and so, we need to be able to continue to support that over the long-term. 
Unidentified Company Representative: And I think with that, we’ll move the rest of the Q&A to the breakout. Please join me again in thanking Hormel for the Columbus tasting. And just as a reminder, please take all of your personal belongings as it’s going to be lost and it will be in the office if you do leave anything.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-11-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Nathan Annis – Director-Investor Relations Jim Snee – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Sheehan – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc. Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs Rupesh Parikh – Oppenheimer David Carlson – KeyBanc Eric Larson – Buckingham Research Group Ken Zaslow – Bank of Montreal Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Jeremy Scott – Mizuho Akshay Jagdale – Jefferies
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods’ Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, November 21, 2017. I would like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Annis.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods’ conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of each segment's performance for the quarter, and our outlook for fiscal 2018. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results for the quarter, and further assumptions relating to our 2018 outlook. The line will be opened for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 AM today Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 888-394-8218 and the access code is 5906948. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking. And actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 32 through 39 in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2017 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance by excluding the sales and volume impact of the divestitures of Farmer John and Diamond Crystal Brands, the acquisition of Justin's Ceratti and Fontanini, and the impact of a 53rd week in 2016. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Please note that during our call today, we will refer to these non-GAAP results as organic net sales and organic volume. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning everyone. We are pleased to announce our full year and fourth quarter results. For the year three of our five segments Grocery Products, Refrigerated Foods and International, delivered record earnings in spite of one last week than 2016. These three segments also delivered exceptionally strong organic sales growth. The growth in these segments offset declines at Jennie-O Turkey Store and Specialty Foods, allowing the total company to achieve organic volume and sales growth in 2017. In spite of a volatile commodity market environment, we delivered a quarter of strong organic volume and sales growth. Fourth quarter earnings per share was $0.41 in line with our most recent guidance. The fourth quarter was marked by many bright spots, Grocery Products delivered excellent earnings growth, our Grocery Products team continues to do an outstanding job growing iconic brands in the center store such as SPAM and Dinty Moore, while simultaneously capitalizing on pockets of growth and dynamic on trend categories with brands like Wholly Guacamole and Herdez. SPAM was a strong contributor to international sales growth in addition to the inclusion of the Ceratti business for our international team. Our China business experienced strong sales and earnings from SKIPPY peanut butter and our branded meat products. The new Jiaxing client is producing and shipping products while the Shanghai facility has stopped production. Our current manufacturing operations in China now include Beijing, Jiaxing and our SKIPPY plant in Weifang.  Refrigerated Foods delivered results in line with our expectations. Organic sales growth was driven by food service sales of Hormel BACON 1, fully cooked bacon and Hormel Pepperoni. In addition to retail sales of BLACK LABEL bacon, NATURAL CHOICE products and CURE 01hams. Earnings in Refrigerated Foods were down due to the divestiture of Farmer John and favorable markets last year. The story of Jenny-O Turkey Store is very similar to what we communicated to you on the third quarter call. The Turkey market continues to be in an oversupply situation. Lower whole bird and commodity pricing was the key driver to lower sales and earnings this quarter. In spite of these difficult market conditions, Jennie-O Lean Ground Turkey continues to show growth and take share from ground beef. The results from specialty products are disappointing and driven by lower sales of Muscle Milk ready-to-drink protein beverages in the convenience store channel. The new leadership team at CytoSport is making the necessary adjustments to gain back ground from the setback they had this year. One key theme from this year is the impact record input prices had on our business. For some markets such as bellies and beef trim prices increased rapidly, but also decreased rapidly. Other markets such as Turkey breast dropped further and faster than anticipated and remain at depressed levels. Our sales and marketing teams continue to be diligent in their assessments and response to the cost volatility while finding ways to mitigate it. Overall, this year has been challenging and did not meet the expectations we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year. However, I cannot emphasize enough the importance of the intentional balance that we create in all areas of our business. Even with the disappointing year we had in the specialty foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store, we still delivered record operating margin, record operating cash flow, returned a record amount of cash back to shareholders and increased our cash balance. Looking to 2018 we will continue to follow our path forward that I laid out at our Investor Day in June. First, we’ll continue to evolve to a broader food company. The Columbus acquisition broadens our portfolio as we expand into a total deli provider and enhance our position in this advantage growth space. Second, expand and accelerate food service with the acquisition of Fontanini we will continue to aggressively grow our competitively advantage food service business. Third, become a more global food company. We are excited for the Ceratti acquisition in Brazil and our new plant in China. Both strategic investments will allow international to deliver above average growth this year. Fourth, reduce volatility and increase balance. We continue to increase the sales of value added products as a percentage of our total sales and we've complemented that growth with the acquisitions of purely value added businesses such as Fontanini, Ceratti and Columbus. Fifth, divest non-strategic assets. We will continue to take a hard look at all underperforming assets and if necessary make the difficult decisions required to ensure we are delivering shareholder value. And finally, modernizing our supply chain. Today we announced a reorganization of our supply chain. Glenn Leitch, who led Jennie-O Turkey Store to outstanding growth for the past seven years will now become Executive Vice President of Supply Chain. Glenn will be responsible for the entire supply chain from procurement to shipment. I would refer you to the separate press release for all the other details related to the reorganization. Overall, headwinds to our outlook in two 2018 include volatile commodity markets, a slower than expected recovery in the turkey industry and uncertainty in the hog and pork markets. The tailwinds in our business are clear. In addition to the solid fundamentals that will provide stronger organic growth, we have three new strategic acquisitions, numerous strategic investments and value added capacity and an innovation pipeline full of exciting new products. Our focus on innovation has never been stronger as evidenced by the substantial progress we made towards our 15% innovation by 2020 goal. As of the end of 2017, 14% of our total company sales came from products innovated in the last five years. Key products contributing to this growth include BACON 1, SKIPPY®PB BITES and HERDEZ guacamole salsa. Our current pipeline of new products is deep and our innovation teams are thinking of new and interesting ways to get products to the market faster, with more scale and in a more cost efficient manner. The headline for 2018 will read strong value-added growth and strategic acquisitions more than offset commodity headwinds. Looking at the segments for 2018, we expect Jennie-O Turkey Store to continue to navigate difficult industry conditions, while the remaining segments will provide earnings growth. We expect modest earnings declines for the full year at Jennie-O Turkey Store. Earnings decreases in the first half will not be fully offset by increases in the back half as turkey market moves towards a slow recovery. We expect continued value added sales and volume growth led by Lean Ground Turkey, Oven Ready products and Turkey Burgers. We plan to be back on air with the Make The Switch media campaign in 2018. Despite the disparity of views in the hog industry, the fundamentals of refrigerated food have never been better. While we anticipate a reduction in the commodity profits and refrigerated foods we expect continued growth in our value added businesses to more than offset the declines. Again this year, we expect the Hormel food service team to deliver industry leading results and the addition of Fontanini has put them in a great position to continue that trend. We also expect a solid year of growth from meat products. Once finalized, the acquisition of Columbus will help Refrigerated Foods deliver earnings growth in 2018. This morning we also announced a union of the grocery products and specialty foods segments. Both organizations sell shelf-stable products, have a focus on the food, drug, mass and club channels; and are charged with managing CPG brands. Luis Marconi who currently leads Grocery Products will continue to lead this segment. Combined this segment will be a model for how to manage iconic brands such as SPAM and SKIPPY while nurturing the growth of fast growing franchises like Wholly Guacamole, Justin's and CytoSport. Over time, consolidating these two segments will deliver revenue and cost synergies in all aspects of the business, while continuing to deliver industry leading growth. For 2018 specifically, we expect sales and earnings growth to be driven by our MegaMex line of products, Skippy and Justin's nut butters, as well as improvement in our CytoSport business. International will have a strong year benefiting from the acquisition of Ceratti in addition to strong results from our China business. After taking into account all these factors we are setting our fiscal 2018 sales guidance at $9.4 billion to $9.8 billion and our earnings per share guidance at a $1.60 to a $1.70 per share. This guidance excludes the Columbus acquisition. Consistent with the acquisition announcement, we expect Columbus to be $0.02 to $0.03 accretive to earnings in 2018. I'm excited to close the Columbus acquisition and start the consolidation of our deli businesses. We expect to close the deal in December. Our first quarter comparison will be a difficult one as we annualized this divestiture of the Farmer John business and continue to manage through the oversupply in the turkey industry. Our planned show sales and earnings growth weighted towards the second half of the year aided by acquisitions, innovation and cost reductions and improvements in the turkey market. At this time I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss the financial information relating to the quarter and key assumptions for 2018.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you Jim. Good morning everyone. Volume for the fourth quarter was 1.3 billion pounds, a 10% decrease, compared to last year. Organic volume increased 2%. Sales for the fourth quarter were $2.5 billion a 5% decrease. Organic net sales increased 5%. Net earnings for the fourth quarter were $218 million, down 11% compared to last year. General corporate expenses were lower due to the focus on strategic cost management and lower employee related expenses. Advertising expense was $30 million compared to $55 million in 2016. We plan to increase advertising by 20% in 2018. Excluding advertising, selling, general and administrative expenses were 6.6% of sales, compared to 7.2% of sales last year. Deal cost associated with the Ceratti and Fontanini acquisitions were approximately $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter. Operating margins were 13.2%, a 70 basis point decrease, compared to last year. For the full year, operating margins were 14%, 10 basis points higher than 2016. We are maintaining our goal to be in the top quartile of our peer group in operating margins by 2020. Today the top quartile trial range is 16% to 20%. We plan to attain this goal through a focus on strategic cost management, acquisitions, innovation and by investing capital into high margin products such as BACON 1 and SPAM production in China. Our effective tax rate was 33.8%, compared to 33.1% last year. In 2018 we are expecting our full year tax rate to be between 32.3% and 33.3%. Starting in the first quarter, we will adopt the new accounting standards related to stock compensation. This is expected to benefit our effective tax rate in 2018 by approximately 100 basis points and increase earnings per share by approximately $0.02. The adoption of the standard will increase quarterly tax rate volatility. We generated record cash flow from operations of $499 million, up 34% from $371 million last year. The increase was primarily related to decreases in working capital. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $103 million, compared to $90 million last year. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $425 million in 2018. The higher level of capital is driven by the investment into additional capacity for high-margin products and projects to improve manufacturing efficiencies. They include the expansion of baking capacity, modernization of the Austin plant and replacement of the Melrose plant. We paid our 357th consecutive quarterly dividend effective August 15, at an annual rate of $0.68 per share. This morning we also announced a 10% increase to our dividend. The effective annual rate will be $0.75 per share. This is our 52nd consecutive year we have increased the dividend and the 9th consecutive year we have increased the dividend by a double digit rate. We repaid the debt associated with the Fontanini and Ceratti acquisition ending the year with $250 million in long-term debt, unchanged from 2016. After the Columbus transaction closes we expect our total debt to be approximately $1 billion. We remain in a strong financial position to fund any other capital needs. We did not repurchase stock in this quarter. We will continue to repurchase stock to set dilution from option exercises based on our internal evaluation of the stock. Input cost for the quarter were generally higher with the exception of the turkey markets. Hog prices in the fourth quarter were a 11% higher than last year. Prices last year reach multi-year lows. As Jim mentioned, there are conflicting viewpoints on the hog and pork industry. Hog price forecasts for calendar 2018 vary from high-single-digit decreases to mid-single-digit increases. Our expectation is for a low-single-digit increase in calendar year 2018. We expect earnings pressure in Refrigerated Foods during the first quarter due to the high cost compared to the unusually low cost last year. We continue to focus on three factors, domestic demand, export demand and industry capacity utilization. With the consumer trends moving towards increased protein consumption domestic demand remains very strong. The USDA cut out was 5% higher than last year for the fourth quarter. Export demand continues to be strong the USDA forecast for exports to be up 7% in 2017 and up another 6% in 2018. Hog supplies are expected to increase 3% to 4% next year. We continue to believe hog supplies are well-matched to industry capacity over the long-term. However, we do expect short term volatility depended on the progress of the new plants ramping it up to full production. We continue to assess the industry conditions and will make the necessary changes to ensure we are sourcing pork for our value added products at the lowest possible cost. In 2017 our commodity profits were slightly above average based on our market assumptions we expect commodity profits to be moderately below average in 2018. In 2018 we intend to reduce our hog harvest capacity by approximately 4%. If market conditions change we have the flexibility to adjust harvest levels. Belly prices remain volatile. Markets declined in the fourth quarter, but we're 25% higher than last year. We expect belly prices to remain volatile and in line with 2017. 72% pork trim prices were 15% above last year, we expect trim markets to be flat to 2017. 50% trim was 25% higher for the quarter. We expect beef prices to be flat to 2017 but higher in the first quarter. Beef costs we're lower compared to last year, we expect beef cost to be flat to last year. Turkey commodity prices remain at seven-year lows. Breast meat prices were 28% below last year. We have not seen the reduction to pull placements required to alleviate the oversupply condition. Cold storage remains that elevated levels. Turkey breast inventories are 17% above last year, while whole birds were 23% above last year. Based on the lack of meaningful production declines at high levels of inventory, we do not expect material changes in markets until the back half of the year. Our expectation is Jennie-O first half profits will be below 2017. We have made good initial progress on the financial strategy I laid out at Investor Day. These include reducing our general corporate expenses, improving our cash cycle and leveraging our balance sheet for growth. At this time I'll turn the call over to the operator for the portion of the call.
Farha Aslam: Hi good morning.
Jim Snee: Good morning Farha.
Farha Aslam: Can you talk about Glenn Leitch's new role at the company? And how you look at your production facilities right now? And in particular, how you expect the Chinese plant to benefit earnings for next year?
Jim Snee: Sure. So let's start with the new supply chain organization. What this is going to do for us is it's really going to give us better alignment across our entire organization. Today we have our operations that exist in our business units. And I would say that they're probably a bit fragmented. They're very successful but a bit fragmented, which really it inherently allows for duplications and inefficiencies. And so we believe that having this alignment across the organization and getting the structure and process right will allow us to become more cost effective, enhance our speed to market and really make us more agile over time, as we've – we're facing ever-changing, very dynamic market conditions. S I mean we believe this is a great move for our organization, it's consistent, very thoughtful with how we've been talking about our business and the needs to do this. In regards to China the new facility is going to help us in a couple of ways. And we were at capacity on a number of different lines because of the successful business we have in the food service segment. The other part that is going to do when it's more of a slower build is for the first time ever, we have in-country production of SPAM. And so when now that line is up and running, we've already seen some nice early success and are rapidly regaining distribution because we have been in-market with that product before. But really feel like not only operationally but structurally, we are set of for long-term success in China.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. And just as a follow-up, you highlighted variable commodity markets in 2018. Could you talk about Hormel's ability and experience to price for those fluctuations? And how retailers and consumers are accepting those prices?
Jim Snee: Sure. I think we've demonstrated a track record of success when it comes to dealing with price increases. And a lot of that has to do with the brand positioning, delivering on the brand promise, but then also being a brand leader. And so given the strong brand presence that we have across our organization with so many number one and number two brands, we are able to successfully get those through. I would not say that it's easy, I mean, we take all price increases very seriously, and we work with all of our retail customers to make sure that we have got the best outcome for both of us. The other thing I would say, Farhat, is clearly, we understand the data and the insights around price elasticity and built that into our modeling as well. So I feel like we're pretty sophisticated and successful in that area.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes thanks. Good morning everyone.
Jim Snee: Hi Adam.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess maybe some clarifying questions on the guidance where you laid out 160, 170 range. From the Fontanini and Ceratti deals there’s $0.04 to $0.05 of accretion. Do you think in the prepared remarks you alluded to a $0.05 tailwind on tax from the accounting change. And in the International segment, you should have the new plant up and running. And in fiscal 2017 you are absorbing cost as that started up and had some construction delays. And I guess, maybe there's a bit high accrual for incentive comp in the 2018 outlook, but I guess, if I put those kind of discrete factors to the side, I'm at the middle to upper end of your range on an organic basis for profit. And so is that the right characterization that the sum of grocery, refrigerated, Jennie-O and specialty profits are kind of in the middle to upper part of your range, flat net, am I doing that math right?
Jim Snee: Yes, Adam you are. I mean, I think, if we go back to the headline I described in my comments is that the growth in our value-added business is going to offset some of the commodity volatility that we expect. And so if you go around really the business units, and I'll, – I mean, we have merged Grocery Products and specialty together, but just to help you with some clarity in that area, I mean, Grocery Products is going to be in line with the growth expectations that we have for that business. And quite frankly, specialty will have the same growth algorithm that we've talked about at CytoSport. We expect a return to growth in CytoSport. Refrigerated Foods is going to have low-single-digit growth in both sales and earnings. And International, you have assessed properly with strong double-digit growth and then John's will have low-single digit sales growth but really down mid-single digit from an earnings perspective because of the market conditions. So I think your rollup is fairly accurate getting to that range.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then so maybe putting some finer point on refrigerated and Jennie-O, is there any way to maybe dimensionalize kind of the range of outcomes as you think of the key variables as you sit here today, is it for Parker margins for refrigerated, is it belly price volatility? And then in Jennie-O, kind of some of the supply factors that you would be looking at to make for a better, stronger, I presume, second half is probably the bigger I'd note at this plant.
Jim Sheehan: Certainly. Good morning Adam, this is Jim Sheehan. I’ll talk a talk about some of the variables. The first thing is that there are very differing views about what's going to happen in the pork industry. Hog prices – forecast for hog prices are everything from down high single digits to up mid-single digits. We think we have taken a realistic view and we've identified our model on low single digits for the outlook. Now what is involved in that is that we're going to – we expect to see some volatility. Volatility as these playups ramp. Now in the first quarter, the cost of hogs were at $57 so far. I think it's important to understand that the five-year average in the first quarter is $75. And if you exclude the impact of the PEDV, those costs were at $70. So they're still below historical levels. But we had unseasonably low hog cost in the first quarter of 2007 – part of 2016, excuse me. And so we expect that we will be up against that as we go into 2018. So we have an unfavorable comparison for the first quarter of 2018. On the turkey side, I think, we’ve tried to be clear on what we're watching. We're watching the poult placements and we're watching the inventory reports. So far, we're just not seen anything that would tell us that this – it's bottomed out yet. We believe that we're going to see market improvements in the back half of the year with some flattening of the conditions midyear, but really not much improvement until the end of the year. So depending on how those commodities work, we're trying to be very, very clear as to how we built our outlook and that should give you some insight as to what could change.
Jim Snee: And Adam, I would add on, clearly, I mean, a lot of the industry, the turkey industry, is operating near breakeven. I mean, clearly, we are well above that range. We feel like we've done what we need to do and that we've cut production, and believe that the rest of the industry needs to do that as well. Quite frankly, we are a bit disappointed that we haven't seen that as of yet. So that’s on the commodity side of the business but we still feel very confident as I talked about our number of different items that we expect to grow, the value-added items that will grow, our Lean Ground Turkey business is very healthy, I'm showing good growth and then still taking share versus the beef market.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, that’s all. Very helpful color. I’ll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Jim Snee: Good morning.
Rupesh Parikh: So I wanted to touch on the competitive environment. I was curious what you guys are seeing right now from a private label perspective and also what you're seeing from some of the other brand players.
Jim Snee: From a private label perspective, our belief is that it's pretty standard operating procedure. I mean, private label has been a competitor, have been in a lot of categories for extended period of time. And so we continue to focus on what we do best and that is building our number one and number two leading brands. If we do that and have leading brand positions, I mean, we'll be able to overcome any category challenge. So we don't see that it's escalated anymore than it has in the past. And I can say, we treat it like any other competitor and understand what it is that we have to do to be successful.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay great. And switching topics to e-commerce, can you remind us the size of the business currently? And then some of the key efforts that you expect going forward in this area?
Jim Snee: Sure, Rupesh. For us it's still a very small piece of our business. We have made some strategic investments of this year, creating our digital investment group. And so we've got the right structure in place. We're focusing our efforts around not only digital marketing, but e-commerce. And so we're not quite where we need to be, but believe that we're on the right track. We have the right structure and we'll get there with the team we have in place.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to David Carlson with KeyBanc.
David Carlson: Thanks for taking the questions. With the union of the Specialty Foods and Grocery Products segments, it becomes a little bit more difficult to gauge the progress of the sales turnaround efforts of MUSCLE MILK by looking at the Specialty Foods segment on the standalone basis. So what give you guys confidence that the issues with CytoSport will start to improve in the latter half of the year? And what else might be required in the form of ongoing investment and sales turnaround efforts. And I've got a follow-up.
Jim Snee: Sure, thanks, David. I mean, the one thing we want to be clear about is, I mean, we will continue to update you on our progress at CytoSport. It's a very important part of our portfolio and we want to make sure you understand the progress that we're making in that business. We're still rebounding from the impact to the recall we described to you last quarter, where we saw, obviously, we were off shelves, saw some increased competitive activity and we're working, continue to work to get pricing in our assortment correct. I mean, our new leadership team, in addition to working on pricing and assortment, is focused on the consumer and making sure that we're focused on the key attributes of our product offering. And for us, as we head into 2017, a key differentiator is we have very strong alignment with our strategic distribution partner, Pepsi. And working closely with them we’ve made this, they have made this a top priority for 2018. We'll continue to make the necessary advertising investments in the business but having it at the top of their priority list is really an important part of the formula as well. So that's why we're optimistic heading into 2018 for CytoSport.
David Carlson: That’s a great answer. With respect to the pricing actions you guys took during the fiscal fourth, can you gives us just a little bit more clarity on exactly when those prices begin to have a positive impact on your P&L? And are any – with so many inputs seeming to be pretty volatile over the last couple of quarters, are there any other pricing actions that are in the process of being implemented?
Jim Sheehan: Yes so the fourth quarter played out just like we told you on the third quarter the timing varied by category, but a broad statement, they took hold in the 11th period and that's really when we started to expect or experience the benefit. And what I would tell you is I talked earlier about some of price elasticity studies that we're doing to make sure we understand the impact that we've exceeded a lot of the pricing study expectations that we had when we took the price increases, obviously a very good sign. We do have some price increases in place for Q1 in our Grocery Products line with our Mary Kitchen corned beef hash and Dinty Moore Beef Stew.
David Carlson: Thank you for the time.
Jim Sheehan: Yes.
Operator: We'll go next to Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group.
Eric Larson: Yes good morning all. And happy Thanks Giving.
Jim Sheehan: Same to you Eric.
Eric Larson: Just two – one question on pricing in the Grocery Products division. I know that you took some pricing, I believe, midyear last year in fiscal 2017 to offset some of the higher belly and both the pork and beef trim costs. Could you reiterate what the – kind of the timing of that was? And fiscal 2018 should benefit, I would assume at least for the first half from that. Will that be correct?
Jim Snee: Yes so Eric so let’s – may be we’ll just kind of recap what we did in pricing in 2017. So in Refrigerated Foods, midyear, we had some pepperoni price increases as a result of the run-up in the beef trim market. We also saw an early run-up in the belly market which caused us to increase some bacon pricing. So that would have been Refrigerated Foods in the mid-part of the year that you referenced. And then as we got to the fourth quarter, we had another run-up on belly prices, so bacon was addressed again. And then we did have some other Grocery Products increases, chili and guacamole and peanut, butter in the fourth quarter.
Eric Larson: Okay good. Thank you. That helps. I know there was a lot of activity there, so I just wanted to make sure I understood that. And then just one other follow-up question here, Jim the kind of surprised me that the turkey market is still as depressed as it is. I think, we're about nine months sort of into kind of a lower profitability market and it's normally about a nine-months to 12-month cycle so it seems to be going on longer than normal. Is there something specific that's going on per se that – is there a change in why we haven't seen the start of a rebound in that turkey business yet?
Jim Snee: We have talked about the rebound being more of a 12-month to 18-month cycle, Eric. And so we would expect that we would have seen some lower bulk placements by this point. But I think one of the things that we need to consider is coming out of AI, that we've got a lot of producers who are perhaps awaiting the next outbreak. And so that supply side continues to go, nobody is willing to give up on their supply quite yet. The other thing I would point you to is that even though in the midst of AI, there were supply issues, I mean, there were some record profitability. And so you have some probably better-than-average capitalized operators that could, I mean, be holding their breath, so to speak, a little longer. And I mean, we'll see. We're not quite where we think we need to be yet, but like I said earlier, we have cut our production. We're disappointed that we haven't seen the rest of the industry follow suit.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: Hi good morning everyone.
Jim Snee: Hi Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just going through – or kind of quantify the buckets of cost savings because, now, at this point, you have acquisitions, you have the combination of Grocery and Specialty, you have the supply chain savings, you have China and I believe that you have still corporate expenses. Can we bucket them in terms of kind of giving us both the actual numbers or kind of figure out how much it is? And how long it will go for, so we can kind of contextualize this beside – bringing from an abstract level to actually something to kind of bring it down to my level?
Jim Snee: Sure, that’s a great question Ken. And I mean, I would tell you that we've had a number of different initiatives across the organization and we've seen some of the benefits. But part of this whole supply chain alignment is to make sure that we have our focus on getting the right structure and process in place. And so today, we're not in a position to offer you those buckets. I think from our perspective, we're starting with this supply chain organization, today it was just announced. We've got to get the structure in place, so that we have better alignment across the organization. I think, on one hand, we've done – always done a good job of focusing our things from the bottom-up continuous improvement. But on the other hand, I mean, it's just time for us to take a more proactive top-down approach and we need to aggregate what those projects are, what the buckets are, what the savings are. So it's early in the process, but we certainly – to have had benefit, but our focus today is getting the structure and process in place.
Ken Zaslow: Will there be – I mean how long will this go on? Any sort of, and this will be my follow-up so I won't ask anymore, but to me, it just seems like – will this go on for three years? Is there some sort of plan that this is going to reduce cost structure? And again, there's five or six different plans out there and you guys are definitely keeping busy, I'm just trying to figure out what is the time line and the magnitude of this? Are we talking about 100 basis points of margin? Are we talking about 400 basis points of margin? Are we talking about over a three-year period? Are we talking about over a five-year period? Just some sort of – something to grasp on would be helpful? It seems like you are doing a lot.
Jim Snee: Yes we are doing a lot, we're doing a lot of good things. I mean, this is not going to be a one-hit wonder. I mean, this is going to be an ongoing multiyear approach, but the fact is the big driver around our supply chain is it's just announced today. And so we do have to get the structure, the process in place because, I mean, we know that with a fragmented supply chain, it inherently allows for the duplications and inefficiencies I talked about earlier. So this is going to be ongoing. It's not a one-year wonder, but again, we've got to get the organization in place, up and running so that the focus can be on the process.
Ken Zaslow: And similar for the combination of the Specialty Business as well, is that also a cost-savings initiative?
Jim Sheehan: Yes and this is Jim Sheehan and I would say that the one thing I'd disagree is that there's multiple plants. There's really one strategy around managing our costs. We're really taking this top-down approach that Jim has talked about. So we're setting the standards, we're setting the goals, we're setting the expectations at a very high level. So yes, the combination of Grocery Products and Specialty is a part of the strategy that Jim laid out all the way back to Investor Day about improving our supply chain. So it is engaging every level of the staff, but it is being driven from the top. The other thing is that I'd tell you, Ken, is that it's in the early stages and I think you've seen some of the results already. You could look at the financial statements and see where we've taken reductions and costs out of the staff, out of the expenses. But would we get into the broader levels, supply chain, how we go-to-market, that's when you'll start to see the bigger savings. As Jim said, I look at this and this is not well defined, but I look at this as probably a four-year project and then it's restructuring the way that we look at things. So there will be a savings that will go on well beyond this year.
Jim Snee: And Ken, going back to your question around Grocery Products and Specialty Foods, I mean, just focus on the fact that there's a lot of shared resources in those businesses both from an operational and support perspective. They operate in similar channels. The brand or the business management is very similar. And so again, it goes back to the alignment and utilization of resources from a cost side. And then as I mentioned in my comments, over time, we think that there'll be some revenue synergies as well. So probably doesn't get you where you want to be, but I think understand it's early and this is a high priority for the organization.
Ken Zaslow: I appreciate it. Thank you guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi I think Ken did his best on the savings question, but I've got to say that I'm not used to seeing big announcements like this without some sort of restructuring charge and restructuring savings kind of quantification and maybe that's just because – maybe four-year time frame, Jim and Jim, I'm just not used to that and I'm wondering why did you consider – or why did you choose to announce it this way? Is it just because it's too soon and we're going to get something in a few months? Or is it just the nature of this is we're going to get the process right and then we're going to get the savings as we go along?
Jim Snee: Robert I think your latter comment is spot on. For us, this goes back to our need to optimize the supply chain. I mean, if we think about what we have become over time in terms of the number of production facilities that we have, the number of items, the number of supply ingredients, the number of co-packers that we now utilize, those have all been very thoughtful additions to support our business over time. But I mean, we just need to get the organization aligned because it is somewhat fragmented today. And so it's exactly what you said, is the focus is getting the structure and the process in place because it doesn't exist in an aligned manner today. So in terms of major, I'll say, restructuring charges, we don't have that on the horizon. From our perspective, we believe that this is going to be about alignment and the top-down approach, which is going to be a different way of thinking about this supply chain.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And I think, Jim Sheehan, you said that we should be able to see the administrative cost that came out in the quarter. Can you help us quantify exactly how much it is though because there’s a lot of moving parts here including advertising down?
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, advertising is down $25 million. So that would be, out of the $50 billion that’s down in SG&A, $25 million of it is advertising. There are other changes, but it has created a reduction in expenses already in 2017. And as Jim said, we’ve been really focused on getting the structure right and it will continue to progress as we go into 2018.
Jim Snee: Hey, Rob, the other thing I would remind you of is some of those general corporate expenses, we have made investments back in our business, one of the earlier callers had a question around our digital efforts. So I mean, we’ve been able to fund some strategic investments with the savings we achieved also.
Robert Moskow: But you’re comparing us to 14-week period a year ago. Is SG&A kind of unrelated to the extra week? Or is there a relationship between those – would SG&A be higher on a 14-week period a year ago?
Jim Sheehan: It has a minor impact.
Robert Moskow: Minor impact.
Jim Sheehan: Minor impact.
Robert Moskow: And can I ask a question about bacon specifically. You’ve been raising price – you’ve raised prices twice, it seems like the whole category raised prices. But then belly prices started falling like literally the day after you talked about it on the last earnings call. So do you have any insight as to what the category is going to do next in response to the falling belly prices?
Jim Snee: Well, I mean, it did just what you described. I mean, after we talked about it, it did decrease. But as of late, we’ve seen some increases. We’ve seen the market going back up. And so we’ve – in Jim Sheehan’s comments, we try to give you the outlook as to what we think the belly market is going to do. But I mean, it’s been a very volatile market, there’s no doubt about it. And that’s, I mean, we’re watching it closely. I mean, we’re pulling all available levers and of course working closely with retailers to make sure that we’ve got a mutually beneficial outcome.
Robert Moskow: Got it. All right, thank you.
Jim Snee: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we’ll go to Jeremy Scott with Mizuho.
Jeremy Scott: Hi, good morning.
Jim Snee: Hi, Jeremy.
Jim Sheehan: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy Scott: Just to square up the last 10 minutes or so. You still have that 16% to 20% margin target by 2020 and so that would bring you to about a three-year period, and would I have to – I assume that – can I bucket this into the cost-led realignment of the supply chain; number two, the organic recovery of turkey and the value-add portion of Refrigerated Foods; and then third, M&A? And how would you piece each – how would you apportion each of those as you move from 14% to the bottom end of that range?
Jim Snee: Yeah, Jeremy, I mean, we think about it in perhaps a slightly different way. As we look at our business, I mean, obviously, we know that we’re competing in a number of advantaged areas. That will allow us to continue to grow the top line and so we talked about our Mexican portfolio, our foodservice business, what’s happening with SKIPPY and peanut butter – or SKIPPY and Justin’s in the nut butters category, our International business and of course what will be coming with the acquisition of Columbus. That is a going to support, obviously, the growth of the top line, a very strong focus on innovation. I referenced in my comments the great progress that we’ve made against our 15% by 2020 goal since we’re now at 14% and of course a lot of that is driven by the great work we do with consumer and operator insights. We know that we’re going to continue to be good stewards of our capital, invest for growth whether it’s internal, our value-added expansions for Dold and dry sausage, the accretive acquisitions that we’re making. And then, as you described, I mean, some of the efficiencies that we need to continue to gain and the supply chain structure, the supply chain organization, is going to be a part of that journey to get us to that margin goal.
Jeremy Scott: Got it. And just a follow up on turkey and the basis of the recovery shape that you’re expecting in 2018. Do beef supplies need to thin out for JOTS to truly recover?
Jim Snee: Now we’re looking this. We’re at this looking at this right now as purely a turkey issue. This is our own industry issue and we need to make sure that others are following suit to get us where we need to be. But I would tell you, if we think about some of the value-added items, our lean ground turkey continues to take share from the beef category. So I mean, we’re making progress on the value-added side. This really is a supply chain, commodity-driven issue.
Jeremy Scott: Got it. And just quickly, what are you expecting for full year interest expense?
Jim Sheehan: About $16 million.
Jeremy Scott: Got it. Thank you.
Jim Sheehan: And that obviously takes into account the Columbus acquisition.
Jeremy Scott: Right, thanks.
Jim Snee: Yes.
Operator: We’ll go next to Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask about the CapEx, and I only have my model going back to fiscal 2000, so bear with me. But I mean, this is, by far, the highest CapEx rate percentage of sales, however, you want to look at it. So can you give us a little more color on what’s maintenance and what the other buckets are? I mean, it’s good to see companies getting more and more aggressive with the balance sheet and allocating cash. So maybe you can just give us some buckets and maybe talk about the broader sort of balance sheet strategy, right? That would be helpful.
Jim Sheehan: Certainly, good morning, Akshay. This is Jim Sheehan. We talk about – we’ve talked about the past that we’re probably looking at the range of $80 million to $100 million of maintenance in this year, which is in an unusual level. The CapEx that we’re discussing includes the bacon expansion at Dold, that’s $139 million project. It’s on the early stages, so we probably have another $100 million left as we look at it; the Melrose plant, there’s another $100 million that we have budgeted in 2018 to finish that project, $40 million in Austin; value-added capacities, those projects that are focused on various other high-margin products expanding the capacity make up about another $85 million of it. So is that helpful?
Akshay Jagdale: Yeah, super helpful. And just put it into sort of the broader context. Obviously, over the last several years, we have seen the company get more aggressive on M&A, which has been great, but you have kind of a good problem where you keep generating a ton of cash and I see this as a – the first time we’ve seen a pretty significant step-up in CapEx. So maybe you can just help us understand, should we expect this type of increase for the next couple of years? And related to the questions about the supply chain realignment, maybe over the next couple of years, you’re not investing in bacon and some of these plants, but maybe you need to invest some cash to generate those savings. So just, overall, like what is the right rate of CapEx over the next couple of years? And why now sort of a big pickup?
Jim Sheehan: I will do my best here. The first thing that I would like to focus on is the discipline we have when we make an investment. And I think some have heard me say before that I look at investment of capital, the allocation of capital, between CapEx and M&A really being determined by the best use of the capital. You’re right, we’ve had a lot of acquisitions recently, $1.3 billion, but we continue to have a very strong cash flow. And the acquisitions are enhancing that cash flow. So from the standpoint of concern about the cash flow, we’re very confident about our cash flow. Part of our – part of the working capital that’s coming up this year or the CapEx requirement is just a matter of timing. If we would have started these projects a little bit earlier in the year, it would have been split on a more balanced basis between 2017 and 2018, but capital projects that are this large quite often have their own schedule. We do not see the $425 million as the new run rate, but as the business increases, to go back and to look at the historical spend, we’d probably understate it to some degree as we’ve done additional acquisitions, that’s going to increase the amount of maintenance, the amount of CapEx that’s required.
Akshay Jagdale: That’s helpful. And just one on Refrigerated Foods, if I may. So I don’t know if you broke this out, but maybe you can remind me again what the EBIT expectation for that segment is? I know you mentioned it, but I may have missed it. The reason I’m asking is I really would like you to maybe dissect that between what are the acquisitions adding, you know, in my estimate around $70 million from the one that you’ve already completed including synergies and then maybe another $25 million from the one you are about to close. But just trying to understand sort of how much of it is acquisition-related just so that we get a sense for the base business excluding acquisitions. What do you need to do to get to your guidance, right? That’s essentially what I’m trying to get at. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Sure, Akshay. As you think about earnings for Refrigerated Foods, we’ve said we’re going to be low single digits in 2018. From an acquisition perspective, with the guidance that we’ve given in 2018, Fontanini will be $0.03 to $0.04. The full year impact of Farmer John will probably be $0.01. I mean the headline here again for Refrigerated – those were important factors, but the headline still really comes down to value added, being able to offset the decrease in some of the commodity profits. And so where we’re at with the Refrigerated Foods business is we believe it’s never been fundamentally stronger. And what we’re doing on the acquisition side only strengthens it. So that’s how we’re thinking about and how we’re modeling that to the low single-digit earnings for 2018.
Akshay Jagdale: And just one last one on that and I really appreciate you giving the incremental color on this. The commodity profits, there is a view, there is some concerns that you – your commodity profits represented a greater percentage of the total segment earnings over the last couple of years. I know you mentioned 2017 was modestly above the long-term average that you presented at Analyst Day. But just can you be a little bit more granular there because there is this view that if the pork processing commodity margins go from $30 a head on average over the last couple of years to $10 or 0, that there could be significant declines in your base business. That’s what we’re trying to get at. I mean you have obviously come out and said that that’s not going to – I mean that volatility doesn’t translate into your earnings, but I’m just trying to get a better sense of that. So if you could help on the commodity piece and what percentage of earnings it’s been, that would be super helpful. Thank you.
Jim Sheehan: This is Jim Sheehan again. I guess, the first thing I’d want you to focus on is our acquisitions, none of which have a commodity component to them. So our acquisition strategy is reducing our dependence on those commodity – that commodity profitability. In 2017, our – we have talked about in Investor Day that it was about 15% of Refrigerated Foods, but the additional acquisitions will reduce that percentage because Fontanini, which is in our plan in right now and eventually Columbus will both push that percentage down. We’ve said that it’s going to be lower, moderately lower than last year.
Jim Snee: And Akshay, I would point you to Nathan. I think you guys can have a conversation to follow up, if that’s okay.
Akshay Jagdale: Perfect, I will follow up. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Snee for any additional or closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Well, I want to thank all of you for joining us today. I want to offer my sincere appreciation to all of our inspired people who make inspired food each and every day. And I know that they will continue to challenge themselves in 2018 to hit the key results that we’ve set for ourselves going forward. I want to wish all of you a very happy Thanksgiving.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-08-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Nathan Annis - Director of IR Jim Snee - President & CEO Jim Sheehan - CFO
Analysts: Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Rupesh Parikh - Oppenheimer Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Benjamin Theurer - Barclays Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, August 24, 2017. I would like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Annis.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2017. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review each segment's performance for the quarter, a strategic review of the acquisitions of Fontanini and Ceratti and our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2017. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results for the quarter, a financial review of the acquisitions and further assumptions relating to our fiscal 2017 outlook. The line will be opened for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 AM today Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 800-263-0877and the access code is 9221656. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking, and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Factors that may affect actual results of the acquisitions include, but are not limited to whether and when the company will be able to realize the expected financial results and accretive effective effectively the transactions and how customers, competitors, suppliers and employees will react to the transactions. Please refer to Pages 32 through 38 in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2017 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance by excluding the sales and volume impact of the divestiture of the Diamond Crystal Brands business, the divestiture of the Farmer John business, and the acquisition of Justin's specialty nut butters. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Please note that during our call today, we will refer to these non-GAAP results as adjusted sales and volume. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. Earlier today, we announced third quarter results of $0.34 per share, down 6% from last year. Sales for the quarter were down 4% on a 9% decrease in volume. Adjusted sales grew 1% while adjusted volume was down 1%. While the results are not where we expected them to be, there is a lot of good news to share. I will briefly touch on some positive news in our company and then address the areas that are challenged and what actions we are taking to address those challenges. From a financial perspective, we posted record pretax earnings for the quarter as our two largest segments, Refrigerated Foods and Grocery Products more than offset declines in our three other segments. Adjusted net sales increased 1% even at Jennie-O Turkey store sales declined 9% or $35 million. We also made progress toward many of our strategic initiatives since the second quarter conference call. We committed $130 million in capital towards an expansion of one of our vacant facilities in Wichita, Kansas. We have experienced tremendous demand for bacon and this expansion will give us much-needed capacity for many of our premium precooked bacon items, most notably BACON 1. We expect this expansion to be completed in December 2018. We also announced two acquisitions of family-owned businesses. Last week we acquired Fontanini Italian Meats and Sausages. Since 1960, the Fontanini family has done a wonderful job growing their authentic, branded line of Italian meats and sausages items. Fontanini enhances our branded Hormel food service and Burke Pizza toppings businesses. This acquisition also gives us more production capacity and allows us to avoid major capital expenditures at our current facilities. We intend to integrate Fontanini into the refrigerated foods group over the next six to nine months. We do not plan to operate Fontanini as a standalone subsidiary, but instead integrate the plant into our Refrigerated Foods operations group and their sales force into our Hormel foodservice division. The integration will allow us to attain significant synergies. We also announced the acquisition of Ceratti, an authentic family-owned, branded meats business located in Brazil. This acquisition is a great strategic fit for Hormel Foods as their retail and foodservice daily meat business closely mirrors our domestic portfolio. Ceratti will operate as a standalone business in Brazil and will serve as a platform for future acquisitions in South America. Jim Sheehan will provide financial details related to the Fontanini and Ceratti acquisitions. As you will see, we once again maintained our financial discipline in the acquisition process. As I mentioned, there were challenges this quarter. We saw two of our primary raw materials pork bellies and beef trim reach all-time record high prices. Since late April, belly prices have more than doubled and are currently trading around $2 per pound. While we generate bellies internally through the hog harvest process, we also procure a large quantity of bellies externally. The speed and magnitude of these increases pressured both our retail and foodservice bacon business. We have implemented price increases with the majority being realized late in the fourth quarter. We also saw 50% beef trim prices hit record levels this quarter. While beef trim prices have recently decreased, they are still at elevated levels relative to last year. As a reminder, we procure all our beef needs externally for products in grocery products and international such as Hormel Chili, beef stew and products in refrigerated foods such as Hormel Pepperoni and dry sausage items. We have taken different pricing actions depending on the category, channel and competitive activity and expect the majority of pricing to be in effect late in the fourth quarter. Jim Sheehan will provide further details on the financial impact of commodity prices in his remarks. Now turning to Jennie-O Turkey store. As we anticipated and communicated in the second quarter call, Jennie-O Turkey store had another difficult quarter compared to last year with earnings down 20%. Sales were down 9% and volume was down 7% driven by the decision to reduce production levels. Similar to the first half, three main issues affected Jennie-O Turkey store's profitability this quarter, Low Turkey markets, elevated competition and increased expenses. First, the Turkey markets were relatively unchanged from last quarter. We continue to operate in markets where lower Turkey prices year-over-year are affecting both our commodity sales prices and our value-added pricing. Second, increased competitive activity from other Turkey suppliers and competing proteins such as beef continue to pressure results. 50% beef trim prices are up significantly compared to last year, but we have not seen this translate into meaningful increases in ground beef prices at retail. Third, we incurred higher operating expenses, primarily related to bird performance issues with both our conventional flocks and those raised without antibiotics. Our team continues to work to address this issue through changes in feed and other live production factors. Despite the market conditions and operating challenges, the Jennie-O Turkey store team grew lean ground Turkey sales by high single-digits and recent 13 weeks scanner data shows positive sales trends. On our second quarter call, we indicated specialty foods would see double-digit growth for the back half of the year and that is not materializing. Part of the delta between our expectations and actual results is the increase in commodity prices for our contract packaging business. Similar to our Grocery Product segments, it will take a few months for pricing to catch up with input costs. Beyond that, we are disappointed with the results from CytoSport. We experienced a sharp decline in Muscle Milk ready to drink protein beverages as investments in the brand did not drive the expected growth. We continue to see aggressive competitive activity especially in the convenience store channel. We are making numerous corrective actions including increased promotional sport. International had a difficult quarter as our China meat business continues to experience high pork prices. While hog prices have decreased in China, key raw materials such as bellies and hams have not decreased at the same pace. We also incurred startup costs for our Jiaxing facility and higher-than-expected closing expenses for our Shanghai facility. We are now producing product at the Jiaxing facility and expect our SPAM production line to be running later in the fourth quarter. Grocery Products had a strong quarter for sales. Brands such as Wholly Guacamole, Herdez, SKIPPY, SPAM and Dinty Moore Stew all contributed to the sales growth. Profits for many of our brands such as Wholly Guacamole, SPAM, Dinty Moore and Hormel Chili were adversely affected by higher input costs, which was offset by decreases in advertising expenses. Refrigerated Foods had an excellent quarter as segment profit increased 15% primarily driven by high demand for fresh pork and operational improvements. Demand for our branded value-added products in retail and foodservice remained very strong. Foodservice brands such as Hormel BACON 1, fully cooked bacon, Hormel Fire Braised meats and retail brands such as Hormel Pepperoni and Hormel Natural Choice Lunchmeats contributed to the excellent results. Consistent with what we communicated on the second quarter conference call, we continue to make responsible reductions to advertising and marketing expenses. Advertising expense this quarter was $24 million compared to $53 million in 2016. As a reminder, we incurred double-digit increases to advertising spend over the last three years and current advertising is comparable to our fiscal 2015 spend on an absolute basis and as a percentage of net sales. To maintain our advertising and promotional spend efficiency, some advertising dollars have shifted to promotions in order to maintain our share of voice and store. We are committed to growing our brands through effective advertising, but are trimming advertising expenses while we work through commodity input costs increase. We will continue to evaluate our marketing strategy as conditions change. Looking towards the fourth quarter, we see continued earnings pressure from high raw material prices, which will not be fully offset by price increases until late in the quarter. We indicated in earlier calls we have decreased our live production at Jennie-O Turkey store by mid-single-digits in order to procure more Turkey meat externally. We have been anticipating a cutback in industry production and based on recent USDA reports, are finally seeing some positive signs. July pulp placements were down 5% following minor decreases in the prior months. Although cold storage stocks continue to rise, the rate of gain is slowly. While the industry is moving in the right direction, we need to see further signs of lower pulp placements and lower cold storage. As such, we would expect turkey prices for the fourth quarter to be unchanged from current prices. We expect the fourth quarter performance to be similar to the previous quarters this year. As I indicated earlier, Specialty Foods will not achieve double-digit earnings growth in the back half, primarily due to lower sales trends at CytoSport. We now expect flat earnings in the fourth quarter. For Refrigerated Foods, our outlook has moderated due to rising input costs. Grocery Products expects a solid quarter of sales and earnings growth even as they work to overcome higher commodity markets. Jim Sheehan will be discussing the market dynamics impacting these segments in his portion of the call. And we are tempering our outlook for the International segment as high raw material prices continue to impact results in China. Based on the underperformance in the third quarter, current market conditions and lower expectations for Specialty Foods and International, we are lowering our full-year earnings per share guidance to $1.54 to $1.58 from the low end of the $1.65 to $1.71 per share. We have faced difficult market conditions this year. Commodity markets have been challenging to forecast based on both the volatility of the markets and the velocity of the change. The lag between the input cost increases and when price changes are realized in the marketplace, has pressured margins in the short term. We know it is our responsibility to address these shifts and find ways to move the business forward. We have a plan and are executing that plan to realize our long-term goals. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss the financial information relating to the quarter and additional key drivers for the remainder of 2017.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning. Volume for the third quarter was £1.1 billion, a 9% decrease compared to last year. Sales for the third quarter were $2.2 billion, a 4% decrease. Excluding Justin's and the sale of Diamond Crystal Brands and Farmer John, adjusted volume decreased 1% and adjusted sales increased 1%. We generated record earnings before income taxes of $278 million up 1% from last year. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 34.3% compared to 28.6% last year. During the third quarter of last year we experienced an unusually low tax rate, which was a result of international restructuring. Our income taxes were 22% higher this quarter compared to last year. We expect our full-year tax rate to be between 33.25% and 33.75%. Net earnings for the third quarter were $183 million down 7% compared to last year. General corporate expenses were lower primarily due to the continued focus on strategic cost management. We expect general corporate expenses to be below last year for the fourth quarter. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $33 million unchanged from last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be $125 million for 2017. Equity and earnings for the quarter was $4 million down 38% compared to last year. High avocado cost offset strong sales for MegaMex. Cash flow from operations was $250 million in the third quarter, up from $213 million last year. The increase was primarily related to decreases in working capital. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $42 million compared to $66 million last year. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $190 million this year. Projects include the completion of our plant in China, the replacement of the whole bird plant in Melrose, the bacon expansion in Wichita and ongoing investments for food and employee safety. We paid our 356th consecutive quarterly dividend effective August 15 at an annual rate of $0.68 per share. This completes our 89th year of consecutive dividends. We repurchased 1.3 million shares of common stock spending $45 million in the quarter. $10 million shares remain from the current authorization. We will continue to repurchase stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises, based on our internal valuation. Operating margins were 12.7%, a 70-basis point increase compared to last year. Grocery products and Refrigerated Foods increased operating margins during the quarter. as Jim Snee discussed, input costs for the third quarter were much higher than the previous quarter and the third quarter of last year with the exception of Jennie-O. Belly prices sharply increased in the quarter. Bellies moved to record highs and remained at historically high levels. On average, belly prices were approximately 40% higher than last year. We expect belly prices to be well above last year as the industry continues to experience lower cold storage levels and high demand for bacon. On average 72% pork trim prices were 20% above last year. We expect trim markets to remain well above last year for the fourth quarter. Prices for 50% beef trim were 70% higher for the quarter compared to last year. We expect beef prices to remain higher than last year for the fourth quarter. As discussed at Investor Day, we purchased between $700 million and $900 million of meat annually. The 20% to 70% increase in purchased meat cost has significantly affected the expectations for the second half of the year. Hog prices in the quarter were similar to last year. We expect to see more short-term volatility in the hog markets for the remainder of the year and into next year. During the fourth quarter, hog prices are expected to be higher than last year, but below the five-year average. Year-to-date, export demand has been strong. The USDA forecast exports to be up 10% in 2017 and up another 4% in 2018. Domestic consumption also remains very strong. For example, pork feature activities has increased 120% in the last 13 weeks and pork pricing has materially increased since last quarter. Two new pork facilities are coming online in September. Based on the strong international and domestic demand trends and high commodity markets, we feel the industry is not at risk for a short-term overcapacity condition. We remain confident we're well positioned to utilize the internally generated commodities and purchase the externally sourced raw materials required to support our value-added products. Feed costs were lower compared to last year. We expect feed cost to trend in line with last year for the fourth quarter. Breast meat and other turkey commodity prices remained at seven-year lows. Based on inventory and production levels, we do not expect material changes in prices until we see a few more months of declines in turkey pulp placements. We're also looking at the cold storage levels as a leading indicator for turkey prices. Currently, cold storage levels for breast meat are 18% higher than last year. As Jim discussed, we acquired Fontanini last week. The purchase price was $425 million and includes the Fontanini brand, a large salesforce, a fully staffed production facility in the Chicago area and access to new customers. The transaction is structured as an asset deal and will provide an ongoing cash flow benefit as a result of tax amortization of the adjusted asset basis. The net present value of this cash flow benefit is estimated to be $90 million. Fontanini provides us much-needed capacity and also allows us to avoid a major planned capital expenditure in 2018 of $150 million. The transition of production to the Fontanini facility will provide operational synergies. Annual sales were approximately $240 million and are expected to grow 5%. Fontanini's operating margins are accretive to both refrigerated foods and the total company. We estimate that steel will be slightly dilutive in 2017 and between $0.03 to $0.04 per share accretive without synergies in 2018. With Fontanini producing and selling products similar to our existing foodservice business, we will have immediate synergies in supply chain operations, finance and sales. We also acquired the Ceratti brand, a value-added meat business in Brazil. The purchase price was $104 million. The acquisition comes with a sales and marketing team, fully staffed production facility and professional management team. Ceratti's annual sales were approximately $100 million and have been growing at mid-teen levels. We expect that trend to continue. We estimate that steel will be slightly diluted in 2017 and $0.01 per share accretive in 2018. Ceratti's margins are diluted to International's margins, but we expect to improve margins over time. Ceratti will not contain many synergies. One-time cost for the second half of the year for Fontanini, Ceratti and other acquisition efforts total $0.01 per share. These costs include deal costs and estimated inventory step-up costs. We plan to finance these transactions with a combination of cash on hand and funds from our short-term revolver. At this time, we'll turn the call over the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] We'll take our first question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Maybe just at the outset Jim and Jim, help me think about the performance in the quarter and relative to the expectations you have on the May call and at the June Analyst Day, the bigger areas, the shortfall and as you think about the guidance cut, just maybe any way to parse the geography of where those cuts came from between raw materials and Refrigerated and Grocery and International and specialty and just how -- and the impact of the acquisitions in the short term and where things really fell short of your own internal projections two and three months ago?
Jim Snee: Okay. Sounds good Adam. So, when you think about that guidance reduction, I guess the first thing I would tell you is think about the reductions being spread equally across all the segments and now that being said, there were a number of different factors in each of the statements. So, when you think about Grocery Products and Refrigerated Foods, primary driver there impacted by the record prices for the key inputs and as we mentioned, prising really won't be in effect until late in Q4. From a jobs perspective, the recovery that we expected to see in Q4 does not appear to be materializing and from an International perspective, the raw material impact in China combined with the additional Shanghai closing costs and then they are taking a portion of the deal costs that Jim mentioned. And then, really from Specialty Foods, we talked about again the raw material increase in contract packaging and then the miss on CytoSport. The sales didn't materialize the way we had anticipated. So that's how you can think about them across the business segments. From a quarterly perspective, probably want to think about them about the majority of the reduction was in Q3. We do have pricing that takes hold in the back half of Q4.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's very helpful and then thinking about the implications into 2018, I appreciate that it's early still and certainly there is a lot of volatility in the near term, but as you starts to -- start penciling in pieces of 2018 can you talk about the confidence level on sustainability of Refrigerated margins, Jennie-O improvement, the accretion from the deals that you just alluded to, just the things that you're starting to get some line of sight to and where the thought is for next year?
Jim Snee: Sure. We can do that for you Adam. I will open it by saying we're not giving guidance into 2018, but again as we go through the segments and you think about, clearly in Refrigerated Foods, we'll have the benefit of Fontanini, which is a great addition to our portfolio. We'll certainly be watching the changes in the hog markets and the volatility that could come. In Grocery Products, we know that will have our pricing in effect. Would tell you that we are also watching volumes as a result of that pricing and any changes we may need to make. But we're very optimistic about the Grocery Products portfolio. In terms of jobs, we expect to see some of these unfavorable market conditions still into 2018, but we at some point, jobs is going to get incrementally better. For Specialty Foods, we had a lot of moving parts over the last couple of years and we've got work to do, but we know that will get Muscle Milk back on track and then from an international perspective, we're pleased with the addition of the Ceratti brand in Brazil. We do believe that will have improvements in the China meat business and then of course the full benefit of having our new Jiaxing facility up and running, in country production of SPAM should have some really nice benefits there. So that's how we're starting to think about 2018 and some of the color around that.
Adam Samuelson: I appreciate the color. Very helpful. I'll pass the line.
Jim Snee: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. So, I wanted to ask about the SG&A expense reduction during the quarter. If you can maybe provide more color in terms of the key drivers and how you're looking about the sustainability in the reduction that we saw?
Jim Sheehan: Sure Rupesh. As we talked about at Investor Day, we're really focused on making strategic changes to our expense structure. We've been focused on supporting our critical initiatives, our long-term goals, but reducing expenses in other areas. So that has been the main focus of the group over the last six months. We did have an advertising reduction of $30 million in SG&A, but we're very pleased with the progress that we've seen around managing our expenses while supporting those long-term initiatives.
Rupesh Parikh: And then as you look at the pullback in the advertising spending during the quarter and I guess you've been going forward, do you believe that at all impacted your topline performance and do you expect it to impact your topline going forward?
Jim Sheehan: Rupesh, we don't. We are obviously strategically looking at our advertising spend and we are committed to the long-term growth and health of our brands. This level that we're at is our 2015 level, which is still a very healthy level after several years of double-digit increases and these are all prudent decreases. The other thing I would remind you of is that we are shifting some of the dollars to trade, so that we're maintaining our in-store share of voice and we're confident that we'll still be able to drive sales growth.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you. I guess I just wanted to understand a little bit about why it is taking this long to pass through these higher costs. You didn't mention bacon, I don't think in terms of what that pass-through looks like. Can you be a little more specific about it because it's a big part of what you do? Are you passing it through -- has it passed through already at retail because I know that's kind of quick? Is it taking longer in foodservice or not? And secondly, I didn't hear you mention retail bacon as being part of the things that went well in the quarter? Our Nielsen data would indicate that your sales are way up on retail bacon. Can you be more specific as to what's happening there just to give us a sense of comfort that to say the temporary phenomenon?
Jim Sheehan: Absolutely Rob. So, I'll start with the pricing perspective and we've been very aggressive in the pricing action that we've taken across our entire portfolio and we frequently talk about from a retail perspective you're going to have a 45 to 60-day lag. And we have taken pricing on retail bacon, retail pepperoni and a whole slew of grocery products items. From a foodservice perspective, we certainly get the benefit of the price increase sooner on our street business, but we do have some contract business that can have a one to three-month lag. So, it really is a mixed bag, but I think the key take away here is that we have been very aggressive with all of our pricing action and we're priced to the peak of the market that we've seen. And as a reminder, because of that lag, that's why we're saying the pricing will take hold late in Q4. From a retail bacon performance, you're correct. We had an absolutely great quarter on volumes and sales, both in retail and foodservice. The challenge of course is that margins suffered due to the fast run up in belly prices and obviously it's a competitive category, but our focus has been growing our premium black label bacon line in retail. And of course, we've talked to you at Investor Day about the investments that we've made in BACON 1 and as I started off my comments, we're very excited about the strategic investment that we're making down in Wichita, Kansas in our Dold facility to support the high demand for foodservice BACON 1. So, pricing action, very aggressive, bacon performance very strong. Sets us up really well for the future.
Robert Moskow: That's great. Thank you for the color. And if I could move you to the acquisition that -- the Fontanini acquisition, it sound like a big part of the logic was opportunity cost avoidance I guess or however you want to put. You didn't have to build this new plant. But you are kind of holding out a number for synergies that could also help us in fiscal '18, 5% of sales is a typical number in the group, maybe 7% of sales for synergies. When do you think you'll give us some insight as to what those synergies could be?
Jim Snee: Rob, this is Jim Snee. I am going to start with the first part about this fit, so your comment about I guess I call it capital avoidance, that was part of the equation. It wasn't a majority part of the equation. From our perspective and I’ve talked a lot about my desire to grow and accelerate our foodservice business. And so, this is a perfect addition to our foodservice business. It's branded, it's high margin business and it's a growing business. A direct sales organization, which in this day and age becomes less and less common. It mirrors the sales organization that we have and then we just see this as a great fit complementing our foodservice business. It also complements the Burke Organization and as I mentioned in my comments, we are up against some capacity constraints that we were going to have to spend some money and this gives us tremendous relief in that respect. Jim, I'll turn it over to you for the synergy portion.
Jim Sheehan: Sure. And as you discussed, there was $150 million of capital avoidance, but also the $90 million of tax cash flow that really equates to $240 million of the $425 million that was spent. We obviously have looked at the synergies as we were doing our valuation. We feel that the synergies will be at or above -- at or slightly above what you would refer to as an average synergy, but that excludes the advantages that we have from both the capital avoidance and the benefit we have from the tax cash flow. We're working with the Fontanini team now to finalize the plans and we think that the synergies will be gained very quickly.
Robert Moskow: Got you. Last question, you helped us shape a little bit fiscal '18 by segment Jim Snee. Are any of these segments do you look at vulnerable to declines in fiscal '18? It is one particular segment that might be more vulnerable than others? I think the message was kind of like well, they could be flattish maybe with a little bit of upside I thought, but we've seen some unusual things happen across your business. So, I just want to know if there's one segment that appears more -- there is more that could go wrong I guess?
Jim Snee: Sure. Rob again I am going to qualify it by saying, I am not giving guidance into 2018, but we're clearly watching what's happening in the hog market in Refrigerated Foods and the volatility associated with that. As Jim mentioned, Jim Sheehan mentioned, we know that there's additional capacity coming online and we're watching the three factors that we've talked about in the past; international demand, domestic demand and the corresponding capacity and where we sit right now after coming through the quarter, where four of our top seven inputs experience record prices because there was an adequate supply. That additional capacity is certainly needed in the short term. So, these are unprecedented changes in the hog industry. We're watching them closely and so I think the answer to your question, we're watching Refrigerated as we head into 2018.
Robert Moskow: If I could, if there is more capacity coming online and international demand is really, really strong, is there enough hogs out there to meet it all? Like is there -- are you saying there is a risk that hog futures might spike.
Jim Sheehan: The interesting thing that has happened through the cycle is that hog costs have been very flat to last year. So, it looks like there is really a balance in the hog supply and the demand right now. The other thing that we think is important to understand is that the groups that are bringing these processing plants online are in fact hog producers. So, we certainly feel that they believe that there is adequate hog supplies to fill their plants.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam: Hi. Good morning.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam: It sounds like some of the disconnect between commodities and your margins is really on visibility. Could you share with us how you establish visibility into your commodity markets and what are you pricing policies overall on pricing?
Jim Snee: So Farha, I guess our approach to pricing, we are looking at commodity markets on a very regular basis. We certainly have forecast in place at the beginning of the year. We look at those throughout the year. That helps us not only set the pricing at the beginning of the year, but what we think it might look like through the course of the year. From our perspective, the big disconnected in all of this is that we simply can't forecast record prices. We've taken the price action just as quickly as we could. We've priced these items to the peak of the market that we've seen and I would say, while the record high prices would be the disconnect, the connect would be that we have a proven ability to price in many market conditions and it's really that short term volatility that hurts us the most.
Jim Sheehan: As we gave guidance into the back half of the year, We predicted the trends, as Jim said, we didn't predict that they would hit record highs that we did not predict the velocity at which they would change. So, we saw the trends coming. We didn't see the magnitude and the speed in which we're seeing in the volatility of the markets at this level.
Farha Aslam: So as commodities moderate, because it looks like belly prices are starting to moderate, avocados should start to come down. Do you expect your margins to expand as you have pricing in place?
Jim Sheehan: Yeah certainly, that's why we're saying with the pricing taking hold in the back half of Q4 and then as I referenced, as I gave some color into our 2018 outlook, you're going to have grocery products that will benefit from the pricing that's in effect?
Farha Aslam: So that will be a positive for '18. That's helpful and then going into your Brazil acquisition, this is your first entry down in South America, it's rather small in scale. Do you have the distribution you need in the Brazilian market to get your products into retail and how quickly do you anticipate building scales down in South America?
Jim Sheehan: Sure. Well first Farha, now you have to believe me when I say the pipeline was full all those quarters right, we finally got a couple across the finish line. But yeah, you're correct. Ceratti is our first entry into South America. They're premium branded items and it's a niche portfolio that we know very well. This is an established business and so they have distribution in the marketplace. They have a professional management team. It's an 85-year-old organization. So, as we look at it, yes from a $100 million perspective, you could say it's a small acquisition. We look at it to say this is our first entry point into South America and we see this as a platform for future acquisitions in South America. Clearly there are some learnings that we need to obtain along the way and this is a tremendous vehicle, a successful vehicle for us to be able to achieve those.
Farha Aslam: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montréal.
Ken Zaslow: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: I'm going to go at this a little differently. I get the commodity issues. I get the input cost, the pricing all that, but what I am not fully understanding is I get the sense that there is increasing execution issues and let me just kind of -- and that something I guess is more my surprise than anything else. You got Applegate, you have CytoSport, you got China, help me understand how you're addressing the execution issue and why they have arisen and that's my first question and then I'll ask my follow-up.
Jim Snee: Sure. The way you described it Ken, probably the one that I would agree with you on is the CytoSport piece. We did give expectations of double-digit growth and to be fully transparent, we missed that one. We're making some investments, got aggressive competition in that ready to drink C-store space and the results did not materialize the way we had anticipated. So, I would agree with you on that. When you talk about Applegate, not much has changed from the last time we talked about it, but as part of Refrigerated Foods, clearly, clearly the driver was record prices for key inputs and so had we not experienced those record prices, especially in Refrigerated Foods we would've been fine in that space. So, I certainly understand your commentary, but would say that the specialty area is the one where I can agree with you on.
Ken Zaslow: What about the China issue because in Shanghai you closed the facility. There is increasing cost relative to expectations. Again, I am not trying -- you go through a management change obviously at the senior level. There is a couple times that you've missed consensus -- expectation and again I get the belly prices, all the prices we all get. But I feel like there is around the perimeter there seems to be more execution issues than I am used to over the last decade or so and I just didn't know if that's what you guys are seeing or it's just being exacerbated by the commodity outlook?
Jim Snee: I think that last part is right on Ken. I think given the exacerbation of the commodity markets combined with what's happening at jobs with historic issues there as well, the one part on the China piece was we're starting up a significant plant and yeah, we certainly had plan to have the Shanghai plant closed and items transitioned and it took us a little longer in terms of quarters not years. And so, the cost spilled over and I appreciate your comment that the senior management team, but this is the same team that's been in place at very senior levels of our organization for the last five or 10 years and so I do think it is -- it's a situation that's exacerbated by the current market conditions and hopefully that helps with some color.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then my second question is the outlook for 2018, help me out a little bit, is it an earnings growth story or is it a rebasing of your earnings power and there is a big distinction between the two because now you're obviously taking your base down pretty considerably. So is there a makeup in 2018 or you're just going to grow your five, ten that algorithm and again I'm looking for exact guidance, but I think there is a big difference between those two.
Jim Snee: Again, I agree with you Ken, there is a difference between the two and we're not in position at this point to give additional guidance. I gave obviously the color that hopefully is helpful. I guess some additional color around the fire and 10 which is repetitive to what we've discussed. But clearly, we believe it's an all-in number, the 2% to 3% of organic topline growth that we've seen over the last several years, very achievable. Clearly, we need to leverage our balance sheet for accretive acquisitions for the other part of that five and 10. We've demonstrated our ability to do that here recently. Jim talked about some of the strategic cost management, operational efficiencies, clearly gross margin improvements will help us get to that 10% bottom line and I do think of going back to some of our earlier conversations around these commodity markets, we've got a proven ability to price in these many market conditions and it's really that short term volatility. So, I can't give you specific guidance, but hopefully the 2018 outlook color reminder on the five and 10 being a longer term all in number is helpful.
Ken Zaslow: So, the five and 10 is a long-term number that means that if you were under, you need to overachieve in some other distant year, is that fair?
Jim Snee: That's fair. Over time, you're current.
Ken Zaslow: All right. Thank you.
Jim Snee: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Benjamin Theurer with Barclays. Mr. Theurer. Your line is open. You may want to de-press your mute function.
Benjamin Theurer: Hello. Can you hear me?
Jim Snee: Yes, we can.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Kind of weird. Didn't work out. Sorry for that. I wanted to ask a question in regards to the Fontanini acquisition you've mentioned. So, I clearly get it that the CapEx benefit you have going forward, could you share a little bit more detail on the current profitability and what you think that business should be running up from an operating profit margin point of view? Is a similar as what you're having in the two categories or is it a little lower and you believe that through the synergies you can get it to the same level? Thanks for sharing the sales number, but would be good to get also a little bit detail on operating more EBITDA level if you can share that, that would be much appreciated and I have one other follow-up question.
Jim Snee: Sure Benjamin. I guess the best answer I can give you on Fontanini is that the margins for the business are accretive to both Refrigerated Foods and the total company which is -- which obviously is a very good thing and just a reminder in our comments, we talked about it the $0.03 or $0.04 impact going forward.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. And on the Brazilian acquisition, just to stick with the M&A business, so you've mentioned this is going to be basically a separated unit that's going to be completely separated run. Is that kind of business that you opportunistically purchase? Clearly the price is a little lower as having like a foot in the country to potentially where you expand into future and if it's not working out, it's not that much of a cost associated, but how do we have to think about that tiny step into Brail which tends to likely be profiting and growing country and in coming years after two years of very tough economic environment. So that's to understand a little bit more of the strategic part behind that.
Jim Snee: Sure. So, this is a very strategic acquisition for us. It is not opportunistic. It provides a great opportunity for us, but it is very, very strategic. We've been working at acquiring this family-owned business for some time and those do take a little longer to get across the finish line. We see this as a platform for future growth in Brazil. We continue to look for opportunities -- already looking for opportunities to expand. We've got a great professional management team that comes along with the Ceratti acquisition and it's a $100 million business but it's a very healthy $100 million business that's growing and will serve as a great platform for the future.
Jim Sheehan: One thing worth mentioning is that as we went into Brazil, we spent a great deal of time on due diligence and the deal also, the valuation of the deal will include a discount based on the country risk.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. That's much appreciated comment. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeremy Scott with Mizuho.
Jeremy Scott: Good morning.
Jim Snee: Good morning.
Jeremy Scott: So, the Refrigerated Foods margins, they came in actually nicely above where we were modeling and I was hoping if you could help break down some of the elements of the 230 Bps expansion year-on-year. The reason why I ask is, we were relatively clean comparison on core commodity margins outside of the trim pricing. So, anything you can put a number on would be very helpful as we look to build out '18 and '19 and maybe starting with Farmer John. We've been modeling it is a 40 Bps to 50 Bps ongoing tailwind, but it was something little bit more in the quarter and then if there is a greater mix shift to Applegate, your value-add component, what will Fontanini build in '18, maybe just kind of help out with your core the 230 Bps you can break that down by peace would be very helpful.
Jim Snee: Okay. Jeremy, I think your assessment of Farmer John, there's I think dramatically difference there. Clearly the big driver for Refrigerated Foods is the improvements, the increases in the value-added sales and as we think about what's happened there, we've seen really a great performance in the quarter both in our meat products, which is our retail division across a number of different brands. The foodservice business continues to outperform the industry and when we talk about the increases with BACON 1 and their portfolio, certainly those margins are accretive to the overall Refrigerated Foods organization. So, it's the increase in value added, some of the mix shift even within the value-added and so again we remain very positive about the great work we're seeing in our Refrigerated Foods segment.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. And then maybe just keep -- talk a little about what was the core reason for the Muscle Milk softness? Is it strictly competitive issues or were there something else going on in the quarter whether the channel shift or maybe break that down a little bit for us?
Jim Snee: Sure. So, we talked about the channel and certainly it was primarily in ready to drink in the C-store and a year ago, would have been late summer, we had a voluntary recall on our ready to drink items and as we progressed at the end of 2016 and 2017, it's clear to us that we underestimated the impact of that voluntary recall. So, we had some pipeline full fill, certainly some favorable comps that gave us a positive feeling about the business. What we've see most recently is some of the aggressive competition in the ready to drink C-store space, really exposed the business hadn’t materialized the way we thought. The bigger thing for us is now what are the actions that we're going to take in terms of giving that business additional promotional support, working very aggressively with our distribution partner to gain back any lost distribution and making sure that we're priced appropriately in key channels. So, a number of different things there and we've got work to do as we head into 2018 with that brand.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones with Vertical Group.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just two quick questions, you mentioned I thought I caught a comment about pricing for the peak of these commodity input pressures and so like we've seen belly prices come down about 25%, pork trim is down about a third from its recent peak. So, as we're thinking about the pricing actions and that you've taken, did you price assuming that bellies are going to go back to that $2 plus range and trim, how should we think about the magnitude of price?
Jim Snee: I think the key take away is we didn't think it was going to go up as fast as it did and so we didn't have a preconceived notion that it was going to moderate either. So, we priced it to the peak of the market. We know that obviously we work through some inventory, which takes longer in GP, our Grocery Products division than it does in some of the other divisions. So that is the way that we thought about pricing is that we are priced to the peak of the market.
Heather Jones: Okay. And on the Turkey side, your volume declines, how much of that is purposeful declines to try to do your part to rightsize supply and demand and how much is related to the production issues that I don't know if you mentioned on this call, but I remember you mentioned on the Q2 call. So just how we can think about purposeful versus just an effect of health issues or whatever?
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, I think from a business volume perspective, it was all purposeful, very intentional and that you can model that about a 7% decline.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you so much.
Jim Sheehan: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to talk through the Refrigerated Foods outlook and obviously you've been -- I've listened to everything you've said. We appreciate the color. I know it's hard to predict what's going to happen in an event like this, but even if the volume is there right, so if the demand is there for the plants to run, why wouldn't the profitability be lower? So that's my question is would the processors are operating at three, four times normal profitability, so one would venture to say that okay, the demand there, they're going to operate the plants, but there's no way they're going to operate those plants at these profitability levels right. It is inherent in your expectations that the cut-out margin will normalize, that's my main question really is. I get that the hogs that will come to market will get sorted and there is significant supply out there, but we're really talking about what's going to happen with the cut-out margin and how it will impact your numbers? So is your expectation that cut-out margins will remain well above normal levels like they are now and then go ahead…
Jim Sheehan: Well, as we discussed, what we focus on our hog cost, that our input cost primarily around bellies and 72% trim, we think the hogs will be slightly higher in the fourth quarter and even going into 2017. Bellies remain well above last year as freezer inventories are low and demand for bacon is very high. 72% trim is we expect to be above last year. What we have seen again is this what seems to be very much a balance in the hog supply and demand that isn't driving up the cost of the hogs. What we said before is the additional capacity is a benefit to us and we continue to watch the international domestic demand and the additional capacity coming online. Based on our analysis, we believe that the additional capacity is needed.
Akshay Jagdale: Right. So, net, net you think that next year is a more or less favorable operating environment for Refrigerated Foods compared to what you've seen last couple of years?
Jim Sheehan: Well, we have the addition of Fontanini. We should be through the changes in the hog supply should be clear as the additional plants become online. Hopefully there's additional supply of the raw materials, so that there is not the type of volatility and spikes that we've seen in the bellies and the 72% trim. Markets, bellies or beef excuse me, has been very hard to predict. So, I think the color that Jim gave you would be -- is what we feel about the Refrigerated Foods outlook for 2018.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And just to summarize everything you've talked about in terms of commodity prices. So, the best way to think about it is I guess that you've seen a significant rise, I think you have given some numbers around how much you buy in the open market. But essentially the fourth quarter died down if I may is all related to the lag or significantly related to the lag between the commodity costs and the price pass through and that next year that will normalize, so you'll literally get that back right. It's not like you're just absorbing that. It's a timing issue and you get that margin back next year, but it's like a quarter and a half lag.
Jim Sheehan: Akshay, what I will tell you about Refrigerated Foods is historically and the way the business is structured, we do suffer on a short-term basis when we see spikes in commodity prices. It compresses our margins. The velocity that occurred in this cycle, certainly added to that difficulty. But as prices decline, historically we expand our operating margins in Refrigerated Foods. We hate to say the cycle is a good thing, but in the long term, it would tell you that we will expand our operating margins as prices decline.
Akshay Jagdale: Perfect. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Jim Snee for any additional or closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you all very much for participating in our call this morning. There's no doubt this year has been challenging for us and I'm confident we are making the right long-term decisions to drive growth for our company while maintaining focus on delivering our key financial results. Our team is working as hard as ever to continue our long-term growth story. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-05-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Nathan Annis - Director of IR Jim Snee - President and CEO James Sheehan - CFO and SVP
Analysts: Rupesh Parikh - Oppenheimer Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Benjamin Theurer - Barclays Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Brett Andress - KeyBanc Capital Market Jeremy Scott - Mizuho
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods second quarter 2017 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, May 25, 2017. I would like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Annis.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2017. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 am Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will review each segment's performance for the quarter and also provide outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2017. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results for the quarter and further assumptions relating to our fiscal 2017 outlook. The line will be opened for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 am today Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 877-681-3367 and the access code is 2874950. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking, and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 30 through 37 in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 29, 2017 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance by excluding sales and volume impact of the divestiture of the Diamond Crystal Brands business, the divestiture of the Farmer John business, and the acquisition of Justin's specialty nut butters. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Please note that during our call today, we will refer to these non-GAAP results as adjusted sales and volume. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning everyone. Earlier today we announced second quarter results of $0.39 per share, down 2.5% from last year. Sales for the quarter were down 5% on an 11% decrease in volume. Adjusted sales grew 2% while adjusted volume grew 1%. For the quarter, three of our five segments reported earnings growth. Refrigerated Foods, International, and Grocery Products grew earnings, while Specialty products earnings were down 16%. We frequently talk about the intentional balance we've built into our business and this quarter demonstrates the value of our balance model. Even though we had double-digit declines in our very important business at Jennie-O Turkey Store and divested two profitable but non-strategic businesses, we delivered earnings within $0.01 of last year's results. We were able to do this through impressive results from our meat products, foodservice, grocery products and international teams. In addition, all of our teams proactively managed expenses. Now I would like to talk through each of our segments. Jennie-O Turkey Store had another difficult quarter compared to last year with earnings down 29%. Sales were down 8% and volumes were down 6%. Segment profit margins declined from over 21% in the second quarter last year to 16% this year, similar to the first quarter. Three main issues affected Jennie-O Turkey Store’s profitability this quarter versus the same time last year: Declining turkey prices; increased competition; and increased expenses. First, turkey prices such as breast meat have maintained their seven year lows and in some cases declined further since the first quarter as the industry continues to be in an oversupply situation. History suggests that turkey industry will balance supply and demand and market conditions will improve in the coming months. In turn, we have made additional adjustments to our production levels and would expect volumes slightly under 2014 levels. The impact to our business continues as commodity sales pricing and whole bird pricing is much lower than last year. Lower turkey prices are also pressuring prices in Jennie-O Turkey Store’s three sales divisions: retail, deli, and foodservice. Second, increased competitive activity from other turkey suppliers and competing proteins such as beef continue to pressure Jennie-O’s results. Third, we incurred higher operating expenses primarily related to bird performance issues with both our conventional flocks and those raised without antibiotics. We continue to make investments into consumer trends such as our raised-without-antibiotics products. Despite the market conditions and operating challenges, the Jennie-O Turkey Store team grew value added volumes 1% this quarter and also grew lean ground turkey tray pack volume by double digits. Recent twelve week scan data shows positive sales trends as the Jennie-O brand continues to outperform the category. This week we announced plans to build a new production facility in Melrose, Minnesota primarily to process whole birds. This new facility will replace the current aged Melrose facility and is expected to cost over $130 million. While our emphasis at Jennie-O Turkey Store is on value added products, whole birds are an important part of the turkey supply chain. The new plant will increase operational efficiency through an improved layout and will also automate some of the most difficult production jobs. Construction begins this year and we expect the plant to be operational in early 2019. Grocery Products operating profit was up 15%. Volume was up 2% and sales were up to 8%. The inclusion of Justin's specialty nut butters and brands such as Wholly Guacamole, SPAM and Herdez, all contributed to growth. International operating profit increased 38% on volume growth of 17% and sales growth of 19%. Fresh pork exports and branded exports such as SPAM had excellent results this quarter. Our SKIPPY peanut butter business in China also performed well. Refrigerated foods second quarter operating profit was flat with sales down 6% and volume down 14%. The decreases reflect the divestiture of the Farmer John business in January of this year. Excluding the divestiture, adjusted sales were up 5% and adjusted volume was up 1%. Growth continues to come from retail and foodservice value added products. In foodservice, items such as Hormel BACON 1 fully cooked bacon and Hormel pepperoni delivered excellent growth during the quarter. In our retail business, Hormel Black Label bacon, Hormel Natural Choice meats and Applegate bacon and dinner sausage delivered nice growth. Specialty foods operating profit declined 16%. Sales declined 24% and volume declined 33%. Excluding the divestiture of Diamond Crystal Brands, adjusted volume was up 3% while adjusted sales were flat. Muscle Milk ready to drink protein beverages performed well, especially in the food, drug and mass channels. Our Muscle Milk powder business was softer this quarter which is in line with the category dynamics. In addition, our new Muscle Milk bars have been well received in the marketplace. Given our current operating environment, we have made some short-term reductions to SG&A expenses. One such area is advertising. Advertising expense this quarter was $30 million compared to $49 million in 2016. This level of advertising is comparable to our fiscal 2015 spend. The majority of the advertising reductions came from the Jennie-O Turkey Store segment. To maintain our advertising and promotional spend efficiency, some of these advertising dollars have shifted to in-store promotions but we still remain the price leader. Looking to the balance of fiscal 2017, the only change to our outlook is for Jennie-O Turkey Store. We now expect percentage declines in earnings for Jennie-O Turkey Store to be in the high-teens for the second half of the year with the pressure not abating until the entire industry starts to reduce production levels. For Refrigerated Foods, we expect growth in many of our retail brands, particularly Hormel Black Label bacon and Hormel Natural Choice meats. We expect growth in the foodservice channel to remain strong with growth coming from many of our brands such as Hormel Bacon 1 and Hormel Fire Braised meats. We see continued sales and earnings growth from grocery products. Justin's specialty nut butters, Wholly Guacamole dips, Herdez sauces and SKIPPY peanut butter are all expected to be strong contributors to this growth. The full year outlook for the International segment is for growth in line with their long-term goals of 10% top line and 15% bottom line. We expect strong exports of both branded and fresh pork products. Our new manufacturing facility in Joshing [ph], China will start producing products early in the third quarter and we also expect relief for China pork prices in the second half of the fiscal year which will improve the operating environment for our China retail meat business. We look to specialty foods to deliver double-digit earnings growth in the second half of the year, driven by CytoSport and the Muscle Milk brand. As a reminder, we will annualize the divestiture of Diamond Crystal Brands early in the third quarter. Based on our updated outlook for Jennie-O Turkey Store, we are maintaining our full year earnings per share guidance of $1.65 to $1.71, and expect earnings to be at the lower end of the range. At this time I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss the financial information relating to the quarter and additional key drivers for the remainder of 2017.
James Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning everyone. Volume for the second quarter was 1.1 billion pounds, an 11% decrease compared to last year. Sales for the second quarter were $2.2 billion, a 5% decrease. Excluding the acquisition of Justin's and the sale of Diamond Crystal and Farmer John, adjusted volume increased 1% and adjusted sales increased 2%. Net earnings for the quarter were $211 million, down 2% compared to last year. General corporate expenses were lower in the second quarter primarily due to reduced employee related expenses and higher allocations to the business units. We expect general corporate expenses to be below last year for the remainder of the year. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $32 million, unchanged from last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 million for 2017. Equity in earnings for the quarter was $10 million, up 6% compared to last year. Strong results for MegaMex including the Herdez and Wholly Guacamole brands drove the increase. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 33.2% compared to 33.6% last year. We expect our full year effective tax rate to be between 33% and 33.5%. As a reminder, we experienced an unusually low tax rate in the third quarter of last year which was a result of international restructuring. Cash flow from operations was $84 million, down from $130 million last year. The decrease was primarily related to changes in working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $39 million compared to $66 million last year. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $190 million this year. Projects include completion of our plant in China, the new plant in Melrose, capacity expansion for value added product lines, and ongoing investments for food and employee safety. We paid our 355th consecutive quarterly dividend effective May 15, at the annual rate of $0.68 per share. We repurchased 547,000 shares of common stock, spending $19 million. We have 12 million shares remaining from the current authorization and will continue to repurchase stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises and based on the internal valuation of the stock. Operating margins were 14.5%, a 40 basis point increase compared to last year. Four of our five segments increased operating margins. Input costs for the second quarter were mixed. Beef costs were slightly higher compared to last year. Barring any unforeseen weather events, we expect beef costs to trend below last year in the second half. Breast meat and other turkey commodity prices remained at seven year lows. Based on inventory and production levels, we do not expect material changes in prices until the industry starts to cut back production. Hog prices in the second quarter were similar to last year. We expect to see some short-term volatility in the hog markets in the second half. Overall hog prices are expected to be higher than last year. Belly prices increased sharply in the first part of the quarter but are now comparable to last year. On average belly prices were approximately 10% higher than last year. We expect belly prices to be above last year as the industry continues to experience lower cold storage levels and high demand for bacon. 73% pork trim prices were 10% above last year. We expect trim markets to remain above last year for the second half. Prices for 50% beef trim were over 20% higher for the quarter. We expect beef prices to remain high for the second half with a possible downward trend in our fourth quarter. The new hog harvest capacity is coming online. Two plants recently began production and two additional plants are expected to start production by late summer. The additional capacity represents an increase of about 6%. We believe hog supplies are positioned to closely match this increase as the USDA projects a 4% to 5% increase in the hog supply for 2017. As we assess the long-term future of the hog industry, we see three areas of focus: export demand, domestic consumption, and total U.S. harvest capacity. Year-to-date export demand has been strong. The USDA expects exports to be up 10% in 2017. Domestic consumption also remained strong. For example, pork feature activity has increased significantly and pricing has been stable. Depending on the long term export and domestic consumption trends, we believe rationalization of less efficient harvest operations may need to occur. We remain confident we're well positioned to make the necessary adjustments in our business to address changes in pork capacity. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh : Thanks for taking my question. So I want to discuss with Jennie-O Turkey Store segment in a little more detail. I was just curious when you look historically how long does it typically take for the industry to reduce production levels?
Jim Snee: Good morning Rupesh. What we've said is, I mean, we believe this cycle is a twelve to eighteen months cycle. We don't know, we can't predict exactly when others in the industry will make a production cut. I do think one of the things that we have to remember is that there still are improvements that can happen along the way in that 12 to 18 months in terms of commodity pricing, competitive activity. So I mean that's how we're looking about -- looking at it and thinking about it.
Rupesh Parikh : And then my related follow-up question, as you look at – as we look at your guidance for the back half of the year, what do you assume for turkey prices, do you assume we've bottomed now or do you assume they continue to get worse?
Jim Snee: So from our perspective, I mean, we've built in the downside that we think can occur but from our perspective we believe that there could be some improvements in the back half of the year. But again as far as timing when that happens that's really hard to predict.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow : Just continuing on the turkey side, just – two questions I have. One is the short term, and one is the longer term. So on the short term what prompted you to change -- I mean, I get to profitability but you guys totally reversed course on your volume side, it is my understanding. So how much was that just because, hey, look the environment is that bad that we're just going to cut so we’re going to change that? And then my second question which is actually probably more important, is okay, so with seven year low turkey prices, 2017 will probably be your fourth best year ever in turkey still. So how does this change your longer term view of the turkey operation in terms of 2018 and 2019, does this change your margin structure, is this something that we should – there is a structural issue here, can you talk about that as well?
Jim Snee: Sure. Thanks, Ken. From our perspective the shorter term issue as we've looked at the business, starting with production, we have planned reductions for our fiscal year, some mid single digit reductions that really allow us to be a net buyer of breast meats. We did take further reductions in half one in response to the market conditions. You can say those are probably low single digits and that would put us for the full year slightly lower than 2014. Beyond that for the short term, I don't know that I would say we've changed course. And what we have seen is continued low commodity prices and others in the industry have not cut back yet but we haven't seen a change in competitive activity, still very strong and this is unique to us but clearly we’ve still seen some increased expenses in terms of bird performance, our investments that we're making which we believe are on trend with our WOA and of course the ongoing investment in biosecurity. So I mean that's the short term view. From our perspective on the long term side, I mean there is nothing structurally wrong with this business, I mean, these changes are -- they are market based, they are not fundamental issues to the business. And we said this on our first quarter call is whether good or bad we've been here before and we have emerged stronger as an organization. So we feel really good with our ability to deliver long term growth in this business and it's still about being able to drive value added sales. So we've been very pleased with the growth in our lean ground turkey up double digit this quarter, scan data that shows we're outperforming the category. So lots of good positive trends that set us up really well for the long term.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson : Maybe first at the corporate level, just trying to sense -- last quarter I think you talked to a full year outlook about 5% organic growth, for the year -- year to date you're running a little bit under 3, a bit around 2 for the quarter and you've got – you’re lapping an extra week in your fiscal fourth quarter with the Jennie-O reductions that you have outlined for the back half, do you have an updated thought on the sales view and any color by business would be helpful?
Jim Snee: Sure Adam. Obviously the driver has been the jobs performance. As we go around the horn and we think about all of our businesses for the back half of the year, we believe our grocery product sales will stay in line with their long term growth goal of plus 3% and then plus the addition of the acquired Justin’s business. Refrigerated Foods, on an adjusted basis, would be in the low single digit range. For JOTS we are calling continued decreases in that mid single digit range. Specialty foods group will be positive mid single digits and international will be on track to deliver their long term stated growth goal of 10% sales growth. So really aside from the JOTS business we feel really good about the other four segments.
Adam Samuelson : And then I want to go back to some comments in the prepared remarks that you made about pork harvest capacity on the packing side, and maybe the industry actually needing to rationalize some capacity long term, and you even alluded to, you needed to re-evaluate -- you might need to reevaluate your own capacity there. Maybe elaborate on that view little bit and do you view your pork packing capacity is higher cost relative to the industry or do you see less of a need for that vertical integration in your own business? Maybe a little more thought on how the pork harvest capacity fits in with the Hormel strategy relative to some of the increases in industry capacity that’s going on?
James Sheehan: Well we constantly review our capacity. We've recently sold Farmer John which obviously reduced our capacity in the harvest level. We make changes to our harvest capacity on a regular basis. We look at it on a daily basis, we increase and decrease our harvest levels. We harvest hogs to provide a supply of raw materials for our value added products. We do that because of the consistency of the products that we attain by harvesting the hogs themselves and honestly we do it on a very economic basis. We have -- we purchase hogs that are very focused to be used in value added products which sometimes are slightly different than what you might see in the open market. We do purchase bellys, trims and at times ribs in the open market, we've been successful with that in the past. So I guess the answer to your question is that we look at our harvest levels on a daily basis both short term and long term by looking at our harvest levels.
Operator: We'll go next to Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : Hi, this is a technical question on the cash flow in the quarter, if I'm not mistaken it was pretty far below last year. Can you give us some color on the factors driving that and what do you expect cash flow to look like this year?
James Sheehan: Certainly. In the quarter there are a couple of things that drove the change. There were tax payments, about $30 million in additional tax payment and that's really just a timing issue. It has to do with how we make our estimated federal income tax payments, we expect that that will come back to us in both the third and the fourth quarter. So that again is more of a timing issue. We also saw some variation in our workers -- in our accruals around some of our expenses, again more of a timing issue as to when they're paid during the year as opposed to the level of expense. We saw increases in dividends and share repurchase, that was about $25 million. But we also saw a lower CapEx expense. CapEx is supposed to come at about -- we expect it to come at about $190 million. That is the primary driver of what would change the CapEx, as we get later in the year we start to understand what projects are going to get completed in the year, what projects you're going to have investments in. So we don't see any significant change to our cash flow. We still see the company as having a very strong cash flow.
Robert Moskow : And I just have a follow up, Jim and Jim. It just sounded a little inconsistent to hear the company talk about reducing Jennie-O production in the back half but then also talk about the renovation at Melrose, and $130 million of CapEx to build -- I know it's a further processing facility, so I guess it's different but do you view this as -- I don't know, how do I reconcile these two things? Is this a bet on 2019 being a much better year from a turkey perspective when you're fully operational? And then secondly the industry experts I talk to think that it's not going to be a 2018 recovery for turkey, it probably will be 2019 based on the fact that everyone seems to continue to increase production this year. Why are they increasing production even though results are that bad? And now that's a lot of questions but maybe you can help me out.
Jim Snee: It is. But we will try to get to all of them. I think first, starting with the facility, and so well what we've said here is we are replacing a very aged facility in Melrose. And it is more for whole birds and that is a very -- I guess that we are focused on the value added business, I mean that's our long term growth driver but whole birds are still an integral part of the business. And so this isn't a bet that we're making, I mean this is an investment to update the facility to modernize the facility, make it more efficient. So we do feel like it sets us up well for the future and I mean the other thing to consider is that there is a positive NPV and this is a replacement facility. As you think about the production side of the business, there's increased production because you’ve had a lot of people who were uncertain about avian influenza. And so there was a chance throughout the year that you could have another outbreak, so you had people ramping up on production. As we move further in the year and we never say never but obviously it's less likely -- I think that's when you could see some production cuts. The other thing that I would say, Rob, is that there will be improvements along the way. If you want to think about when does it get back to more normalized or historical levels entirely, that will be hard to predict, we've said twelve to eighteen months. But I do think the other piece to consider is that there will be improvements along the way as commodity prices improves you see some more rational competitive activity and we've seen what's happened in some beef markets already. So I think all of those things will impact it and for us it’s the right long term on trend business to be in and there is nothing structurally wrong with the business. These are all market-based issues not fundamental issues.
Robert Moskow : And one last question, you filed a shelf placement recently, can you tell us the rationale for that?
James Sheehan: That was just a routine extension of the debt. It was expired and we've reviewed it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Akshay Jagdale : Good morning. I wanted to ask about the refrigerated foods. Thanks for the update on the capacity. So you mentioned 6% increase -- can you clarify if that's one shift for all four plants and when exactly you expect that sort of 6% increase to be effective, I guess because you mentioned a couple of plants have opened now, a couple are going to open later. Do you have a sense roughly as to when that 6% will be sort of effective? And I have a follow-up to that.
James Sheehan: Thank you, Akshay. 6% is for 2017 and I don't have any inside information about how those plants are operating or how fast they’ll come up to speed. So there will be additional capacity that will come online in 2018 but the 6% addresses the capacity -- the stated capacity that will come online in 2016, so I can’t provide any further information on the ramp up. The USDA is stating that there will be enough hogs to provide that production -- at that production level. It is part of the reason that we've told you -- we might see some short term volatility in the hog prices as – if the plants are delayed or if they start up faster than they thought that can create a very short term volatility in the market. We've seen that as some other plants have come online but again we see those as very short term and not real trends.
Akshay Jagdale : So just so I understand your math, you’re just saying the daily capacity of these plants is x, if you look at that relative to what the daily capacity was before it's a 6% increase, it's not – you’re not doing any sort of weighted average calculation there because it’s coming –
Jim Snee: No, we are not; that is correct. And the information that we're using is the stated information from those groups building the plants.
Akshay Jagdale : And so as it relates to that expansion we understand the difficulty of modelling any of that. But can you just help us understand your base case for 2017, is that hog prices set up for the rest of the year, remain flattish year over year, because they've moved up but they're somewhat still below year ago? So with the capacity coming online, what's your expectation for the next two quarters in terms of the hog prices at sort of flattish year over year or –
Jim Snee: Slightly higher; we don't believe that the plants coming online will have any long term impact on the prices of hogs. Again we believe that there could be some short term volatility but that's going to be very short term based on daily or weekly needs of hogs.
Akshay Jagdale : And just one last one on turkey and I know we had discussed this in private as well. But just overall the turkey business that you have is value added, right? And so there's a lot of conversation today and the last couple of quarters on commodity prices. I know there was – these three factors that are impacting the performance there. But I mean over time, because you're so value added, aren’t you more -- shouldn't you be more and more insulated from commodity moves? Can you just address that sort of broader question? I mean I understand that quarter to quarter over six month period there can be some disconnects but one of the major issues you have is your cost of raising turkey is much higher and you have less pounds but the price itself long term you should be able to manage through that, right?
Jim Snee: Yes, I think, Akshay, in a nutshell what you're saying is correct. I mean over the long term -- I mean we are a value added business. Once again we demonstrate that in the face of a tough operating quarter by being able to deliver double digit growth for lean ground and positive scan data, and still a very very profitable business. But I mean that doesn't mean we're immune to market conditions and competitive activity. So you've got a situation where we've got competing proteins, we know the first half of the year what the market was like for beef. So there certainly is market pressure that comes into play but through it all I mean we remain the price leader in the categories where we compete. It's a very profitable business that’s focused on long term value added growth and again these are short term market based issues, not structural or fundamental issues to the long term viability of the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens, Incorporated.
Farha Aslam : So again on Jennie-O, my first kind of question is around there. We’ve seen turnkey excess come down in the calendar first quarter of this year. Turkey excess were up 9% and here so far in the second calendar quarter we're down to flat. So the industry's cutting. How much do you think turkey excess need to go down for this recovery to happen and your twelve to eighteen months kind of target, when is the start date that we should use for that 12 to 18 months in your mind?
James Sheehan: So as we look at that whole placement, it looks like it's down 3% to 5%, so we expect it to be down I guess I should say 3% to 5%. If you look at the inventory levels that just came out -- the freezer inventories that just came out this week, freezer inventories of breast meat are up over 50% above last year. So there still needs to be some clearing through the market of this excess inventory.
Jim Snee: And I think in terms of the twelve to eighteen months, Farha, the bigger issue there and what I've said several times already is this idea that we will see improvements along the way both in the market and of course in our own business. And so we don't have today a starting line in terms of when the clock would set but for us it's more about the improvements that we know we'll see. And I think we've done the right things in terms of how we had planned reductions at the beginning of the year proactively managing our own business by taking further reductions in half one. So we're doing the right things to set ourselves up for improvements and clearly that could be accelerated by others in the industry doing the same.
Farha Aslam : Yeah, clearly the industry is already responding. But then it looked your earnings for this year, they're essentially coming in plus or minus last to last year, when you look out into 2018, with all the puts and takes, do you anticipate earnings growth, do you anticipate being able to get back to your historical targeted algorithm of 5% top line growth and 10% EPS growth.
Jim Snee: In terms of specific guidance for 2018 it's obviously too early. As we think about our business just in real general terms, our business is solid. We've got market impacts -- market based impacts impacting Jennie-O but there's a solid foundation. This intentional balance that we've built throughout our portfolio has allowed us to offset some of the devastating impact to jobs. This is the what if scenario but if JOTS is flat with year ago our business is up double digit on the bottom line. So that doesn't do anything to the results but it just shows you how solid our business is and how strong that balance is. But I mean we do believe that we will get through this and we will be able to deliver our long term growth algorithm of 5% and 10%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Benjamin Theurer with Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer : Just I have a follow-up question on your SG&A expenses. So you mentioned that basically there was a huge reduction in advertising from roughly $50 million last year to $30 million, so that's about $20 million. Taking a look at what you reported on SG&A, there is a decrease by about $30 million on a quarter over quarter but also on a year over year basis. So my question is I understand that you're likely to be a little more cautious on advertising especially on the Jennie-O side for the remainder of the year. But can we assume that more from the long run that that roughly 10 million savings is something recurring. Do you think there is an opportunity to service a bond and what's your expectation in terms of SG&A for the back half of the year. If you want to express it as a percentage of sales so more in absolute terms, it's just to get a little bit of a sense of how much more savings potential you might have on the U.S. side? Thank you.
James Sheehan: Thanks for the question. You're right, our SG&A is down $30 million year over year, 19% million of that is advertising. We also experienced lower employee related expenses including the loss of the expenses related to the businesses that have been sold. But we've made other cuts around employee related expenses. We're very tight, we're looking at any changes in inventory levels or in employee levels very closely. We've taken a very proactive approach to expense manage due to the market conditions. We've focused on a great doctrines that will not harm long term growth, there are many examples of things that we've done that have managed expenses in this market condition. We've had sales meetings that that have been held on conference calls instead of the big meetings we've looked at how many people are going to conferences. We've reduced travel. Now those things are going to be needle movers but I think it's just the sense of attention to every expense that's going through the system and it's not only going on now but it's so that it's something that we use to play in to continue in the future. So we're very focused on expenses and I think this is a good time to refocus the staff about making sure that every dime is being spent wisely and efficiently.
Benjamin Theurer : And the $19 million that was related to the advertising as of now but is that something towards the end of the year, i.e. 4Q into what’s mostly a more strong quarter throughout the year, do you expect advertising to pick up by then again just to well map lose market share in the different segments or is that something you would try to maintain in terms of spending what we had 2Q the rest of the year.
Jim Snee: Benjamin, just to reiterate I mean the advertising reductions that we've made are short term reduction things. I mean we've been again very public and intentional about how we do support our brands and how important that is to us but in the short term reduction is the majority again have come from job. And not all of them have translated through to the bottom line some of the JOTS in particular shifted to trade to maintain on shelf competitiveness on shelf positions but remember even with that we're still the price leader. So we in these levels are comparable to 2015 and we have -- we have flax our advertising dollars before. For this, this has happened and we are committed to a long term growth and long term brand building. And just want to reiterate that we are absolutely committed to our brands and that the short term reduction is not putting them at risk.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones with The Vertical Group.
Heather Jones : I hate to beat a dead horse but I have a question on Jennie-O. And was just wondering if you could give us a sense of how much of the profitability pressure you experience right now is due to things like your liveability issues with NAE, et cetera because from what I understand most of the industry is still making money and I understand you all are if not to the best producer in the industry among the best, and your margins are still strong. So it doesn't seem like anyone's dire straits right now. So I was just wondering if you give us a sense of how much thanks like your operating expenses being higher and then once you regained some of the shelf space last turn AI, how much that could help your earnings as opposed to the industry cutting production.
Jim Snee: I think you're correct, I mean earnings are still there, and are still strong. We are a very proud -- Jennie-O it was still a very profitable business for us, without getting too specific probably just more along the order of magnitude in terms of what’s having the greatest impact. The first one would be market conditions; second, would be pricing pressure; and then third would be our own increased expenses. So we are battling, it's a battle for us to maintain price competitiveness to maintain their shelf space but those are all the right fundamental things that were missed, these market conditions change that are going to set us up. We continue to make investments and are raised without antibiotics program, that is on trend with consumers and rather than make the cut this year we know that it's something that's going to set us up for the long term, so we will continue to invest in.
Heather Jones : And going back to an earlier question on the refrigerated food side, so you guys are not sure that belly, trim and to a lesser extent rips. From my understanding the industry, your plants that you have remaining I believe it's two. They’re pretty efficient plants and so they don't seem to be two of the candidates to be shuttered when you were mentioned less efficient facilities. However do you think -- would you ever entertain the idea of simply just stop moving to buying primals for your value added business as opposed to being in the hog slaughter part of the business?
Jim Snee: We harvest hogs as a source of raw materials for our value added business and so I mean we see great value and being able to harvest those hogs ourselves gives us a level of control as I said earlier. And so that that's a business that we plan to remain it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Larson with The Buckingham Research.
Eric Larson : Good morning everyone and thanks for squeezing me in here. Jim, I want to go back to really the pork markets. And we all know all important the export markets are for keeping a favorable balance in the U.S. In the U.S. market particularly given the amount of pork that we've been seeing coming into the market the last few years. We're now -- looks like we are going to be negotiating now Mexico is a huge partner for us on pork products particularly ham so. I'm not really sure if it makes much difference. I mean Mexico’s already moved to get corn from Argentina, Brazil, not much but they're moving. I am not sure makes much difference but I'm interested in your perspective in general and PCM – on the export markets in general and if NAFTA can have any kind of an impact on the dynamics of those export markets?
Jim Snee: Eric, NAFTA is certainly an interesting agreement. And the large driver of the whole agreement is agricultural products, I mean that's the benefit that the U.S. gets from those agreements with Mexico and Canada. So again I'm not going to make a prediction as to what that is going to look like in the future. But I have a hard time believing that it's going to go away entirely. I think we'll see some renegotiation but we'll still be able to benefit from those neighboring markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Andress with KeyBanc Capital Market.
Brett Andress : I wanted to go back to turkey real quick. Could you comment a little bit more on the bird performance this quarter? I mean did it come in worse than you were expecting and maybe what's happening now here in May and I guess how long do you think it would take you to get these issues corrected?
James Sheehan: Thanks Brett. The turkey performance was about where we thought it would be and improved a little bit close to the end of the quarter so we're seeing some improvement in the performance. It's a slow process. And it takes time to determine what you need to do to improve the turkey performance, there's a bit of a learning curve here and I think that we think that we are getting close to turning the corner on us.
Brett Andress : And last one on the driver of the grocery margin, I think it was close to a record for the second quarter. So I just want to understand some of the puts and takes, maybe how much was advertising, and maybe what were some of the largest input benefits or maybe some of the largest pressures because I think avocadoes are spiking reasonably and it seems like your expectations for beef and pork inputs are also up. So maybe you can kind of clarify – maybe some of the expectations going forward.
James Sheehan: In the second quarter I mean clearly we saw strong growth from SPAM, Wholly, Herdez, Guacamole and SKIPPY which are great margining businesses for us. Clearly we've had the inclusion of our Justin's business which has been great acquisition and of course we've talked about our recent innovations like Skippy Phoebe Bites and Herdez, as Wholly Guacamole, Salsa and those are all accretive innovations to the grocery products group. In terms of advertising, I would tell you it's a small small portion that improvement. And then we did have some offsets. Well for the quarter show we had had a difficult quarter and a large part of that was just some promotional activity that that didn't play out the way that we thought. But remember I mean we're coming off a banner two thousand and sixteen for our Chile business so again we feel really good about where that is heading. And so for the back half of the year I mean we're thinking about GP as more of the same, so strong growth from SPAM, Wholly, AAM, Justin’s continues to ramp up and then these are creative innovations are strong growth from stamp holy air to really good about portfolio to deliver long term stated goals for GP.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Scott with Mizuho.
Jeremy Scott : I just want to get a sense of the retail and foodservice landscape, and how that's changing given the impact of labor costs? Clearly we've seen the growth in the retail perimeter and on-site preparation of the past 10 years in grocery and what that had done to the center of the story lines but given that it's a much more labor intensive process it seems like the natural progression would be to outsource more of those perimeter goods for now in others and you could be the preferred providers, I would assume that that would translate the foodservice as well. What’s the opportunity here, what are you hearing from your customers with this business, what does that mean for the sustainability of refrigerated foods margins?
Jim Snee: Jeremy, that’s a great question. I mean there certainly is a retail focus on that area of prepared food. It's not new focus, but I would tell you it feels like retailers are really starting to finally figure it out and sell for it and you're exactly right. I mean the business is more closely aligning with the traditional foodservice business. And that bodes really really well for us. I mean our ability to work with operators and so if you consider retail prepared foods and operator. Our ability to help them take out labor is second to none. I mean we're able to develop customized solutions to meet their needs in a variety of different ways that with ease of preparation taking out labor but still very very high quality products that consumers believe are prepared in the back of the house. So it is going to -- it's an area of focus for us because it's an area of focus for the retailers and sets up really well for how we run our foodservice business.
Jeremy Scott : I guess in that same light, is a lot of regional specialty vendors that provide these goods to the retail perimeter. What’s your take on – the M&A pipeline is consolidating maybe some of that opportunity.
Jim Snee: I don't -- I mean I don't want to speculate on that. I mean as we think about it certainly we've got our own criteria. We're looking for number one, number two brands, opportunity to become more global, accretive margins. So we've got our own criteria when we think about how we're going to approach the M&A market.
Operator: Next we have an additional question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : Just a follow up on party trays, normally that shows up in your prepared comments as demonstrating growth in the quarter. I certainly saw a lot of growth in the Nielsen data but you didn't mention it today. Have you lost any distribution on party trays?
Jim Snee: No Ken, or Rob I'm sorry. We actually -- party trays are doing well. I mean as you go across the entire meat products portfolio, we didn't get too specific with it but the growth in the IRI data was very strong across many many categories. So we just didn't list it there and party trays continued to do really well for us and we do all have only so much space in the press release but you're right, party trays are very important to our meat products business and continue to be doing really well. End of Q&A
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. Sir, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Jim Snee: Well thank you all very much for your participation today. While we're proud of the results for many of our businesses we clearly understand that our mission is to deliver growth. Our team knows what needs to be done this year and is fighting to deliver our key results. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, thank you for joining us today and have an enjoyable long weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-02-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Nathan P. Annis - Hormel Foods Corp. James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp. James N. Sheehan - Hormel Foods Corp.
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Rupesh Parikh - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods first quarter 2017 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, February 23, 2017. I would like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Annis.
Nathan P. Annis - Hormel Foods Corp.: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 am Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jim Snee, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will review each segment's performance for the quarter and also provide an outlook for the remainder of the fiscal 2017. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results for the quarter and further assumptions relating to our fiscal 2017 outlook. The line will be opened for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 am Central Standard Time today, February 23, 2017. The dial-in number is 888-468-2440 and the access code is 5626388. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking, and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 31 through 35 in the company's annual stockholders report for the year ended October 30, 2016 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance by excluding the sales and volume impact of the divestiture of the Diamond Crystal Brands business, the divestiture of the Farmer John business, and the acquisition of Justin's specialty nut butters. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Please note that during our call today, we will refer to these non-GAAP results as adjusted sales and volume. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. Earlier today, we announced record first quarter results of $0.44 per share, up 2% from last year. Sales for the quarter were down 1% on a 2% decrease in volume. Adjusted sales grew 3% while adjusted volume grew 5%. For the quarter, three of our five segments reported earnings growth. Refrigerated Foods, International, and Grocery Products grew earnings, while Specialty Products earnings were flat. Jennie-O Turkey Store had a difficult quarter versus last year with earnings down 25%. Sales were up 13% and volume was up 22% compared to last year. Segment profit margins declined from over 24% in the first quarter last year to 16% this year. As a reminder, last year, we made dramatic shifts to product mix and cut operating expenses as we managed through avian influenza and a substantial decrease in volume through our system. As we communicated during our fourth quarter call, we knew the first half of the year faced difficult earnings comparisons. However, the erosion in market conditions was deeper and faster than we expected. Three main issues affected Jennie-O Turkey Store's profitability this quarter: declining turkey prices, increased expenses and increased competition. We can handle any one of these issues during a given quarter or year, but all three factors in the same quarter created a difficult operating environment that we did not expect. First, turkey prices such as breast meat have fallen over 60% year-over-year to seven year lows, which were much lower than we expected. Jim Sheehan will discuss our outlook for key commodities, but given the industry, now appears to be in an oversupply situation. We do not see near-term relief on commodity prices which will pressure our pricing in the marketplace. Second, we incurred higher operating expenses primarily for bio-security measures in our live production system and lower yields in our plant operations. We will continue to make investments throughout our business, including additional investments in bio-security to protect our business from an avian influenza outbreak. Third, as we have addressed in the past, competing proteins continue to pressure our business in addition to increased competitive pressure. We experienced this across all three sales divisions; foodservice, retail and deli. The team at Jennie-O Turkey Store is taking the appropriate actions to address near-term operating conditions and challenges. We remain very optimistic about the demand for JENNIE-O branded products. We have improved similar turkey commodity cycles before and we always emerge in a stronger position. We will continue to support the brand, deliver innovative new items and invest in the business. Refrigerated Foods had another strong quarter. First quarter operating profit increased 4%, with sales and volume down 3%. As previously announced, we completed the divestiture of the Farmer John business on January 3, 2017. Excluding the divesture, adjusted sales were down 1% while adjusted volume was flat. Refrigerated Foods continues to benefit from growth in both retail and foodservice value-added products. In foodservice, innovative items such as Hormel BACON 1 fully cooked bacon and Hormel Fire Braised meats delivered solid growth. In our retail business, items such as Applegate bacon and breakfast sausage, Hormel Gatherings party trays, and Hormel Natural Choice meats delivered very nice growth. International operating profits increased 5% while sales decreased 2%. Our fresh pork exports during the quarter were very strong. We did experience a temporary slowdown in our branded export business due to changes in import regulations in certain countries, which have since been resolved. Our SKIPPY business in China performed well while our meat business in China continues to experience high pork raw material prices. Specialty Foods operating profit was flat while sales declined 19% and volume declined 30%. Excluding the divestiture of Diamond Crystal Brands, adjusted sales were up 10% while adjusted volume was up 12%. CytoSport posted growth this quarter, driven by our success in the food, drug, mass, and convenience channels in addition to growth in CytoSport powders. Innovative new items such as Muscle Milk bars and Muscle Milk yogurt smoothies continued to perform well. We saw strong sales growth once again in Grocery Products. Sales were up 7% with volume up 4%. Adjusted sales grew 3% while adjusted volume grew 2%. The addition of Justin's specialty nut butters and strong sales from brands such as Wholly Guacamole, Herdez, and SKIPPY all contributed to sales and volume growth. We completed the integration of the Justin's business during the quarter, and the business is on track to meet our valuation expectations. Segment profit for Grocery Products was up 1%. As we look to the remainder of 2017, the balanced model we have intentionally built in our business will allow us to overcome the challenges at Jennie-O Turkey Store. We expect Refrigerated Foods results to be better than we projected for the remaining three quarters. We see continued growth in many of our brands across both retail and foodservice, such as Hormel Natural Choice, Hormel Gatherings, Hormel Pepperoni, Hormel BACON 1 fully-cooked bacon, and Hormel Fire Braised meats. Grocery Products will continue to build momentum, especially in the back half of the year. We continue to see sales growth aided by product lines such as SKIPPY peanut butter, Justin's specialty nut butters, and our Mexican Foods portfolio. Specialty Foods is expected to perform slightly better than projected for the full year. The team has done an excellent job offsetting the Diamond Crystal Brands divestiture. And as a reminder, we will lap the Diamond Crystal Brands divestiture in May. International will perform as planned for the full year. We anticipate strong sales for SPAM luncheon meat, SKIPPY peanut butter, and CytoSport protein products in the International segment for the year. We expect the Jiaxing plant to begin producing products in the third quarter, enabling us to produce SPAM in China for the first time. We also expect relief in China pork prices in the second half of the fiscal year, which will improve the operating environment for our China meat business. We continue to see positive demand trends for JENNIE-O branded products, but market conditions are expected to cause full-year sales to be flat to last year. Percentage declines in earnings for the second quarter will likely be similar to the first quarter, while decreases in the back half of the fiscal year are expected to be in the mid-single digits. While it is early in the year, our assessment of the impact of turkey prices at seven-year lows creates challenges for Jennie-O Turkey Store and the total company's full-year outlook, despite expected growth in other segments. As such, we are adjusting our full-year guidance to $1.65 to $1.71 per share. We are confident in the balance we have purposely built into our business and expect strong performance from our other segments to overcome the market headwinds at Jennie-O Turkey Store. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss the financial information relating to the quarter and additional key drivers for the remainder of 2017.
James N. Sheehan - Hormel Foods Corp.: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Volume for the first quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, a 2% decrease compared to last year. Sales for the first quarter were $2.3 billion, a 1% decrease. Excluding Diamond Crystal Brands, Farmer John, and Justin's, volume increased 5% and sales increased 3%. Net earnings for the first quarter were $235.1 million, flat compared to last year. SG&A expenses on a dollar and percentage of sales basis were flat to last year. General corporate expenses were lower in the first quarter compared to last year, primarily on lower employee-related and legal expenses. We expect general corporate expenses to be lower than last year for the balance of the year. Advertising expenses for the quarter were $52 million compared to $48 million last year. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31.3 million compared to $31.8 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 million for 2017. Equity in earnings for the quarter was $13 million, up 16% compared to last year. The increase was due to strong MegaMex results, including Herdez and Wholly Guacamole brands. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 33.7% compared to 33.6% last year. For 2017, we expect our effective tax rate to be between 33% and 33.5%. Cash flow from operations was $178 million, down from $278 million, primarily due to the changes in working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $38 million compared to $33 million last year. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $200 million this year. Projects include completion of our plant in China, numerous capacity expansions for our value-added products, and ongoing investments for food and employee safety. We paid our 354th consecutive quarterly dividend effective February 15 at an annual rate of $0.68 per share. We repurchased nearly 870,000 shares of common stock, spending $31 million in the first quarter. We have 12 million shares remaining from the current authorizations, and we'll continue to repurchase stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises. Total company operating margins fell 10 basis points to 15.6% compared to last year. The Jennie-O Turkey Store segment was the primary driver for the reduction. Jennie-O Turkey Store incurred higher expenses, including increases in bio-security measures, upgrades in our facilities, and investments into consumer trends such as our raised-without-antibiotic products. Input costs for the first quarter were mixed. Feed costs were lower compared to last year, but bird yields underperformed. The Jennie-O Turkey Store team continues to make adjustments to improve performance in live production. Barring any unforeseen weather events, we expect favorable grain prices for 2017. Although we anticipated decreases in turkey markets, the decline, especially in breast meat, was deeper and faster than we expected. Breast meat prices are now down 60% since last year's record levels. Since October, most turkey markets are down 20%. Based on current inventory and production levels, we do not expect a material change to prices for the balance of the year. Beef prices were lower for the quarter, which provided a benefit to many of our value-added products. However, lower beef prices are putting pressure on the ground meat category, including ground turkey. We expect slightly lower beef prices for the full year. Hog and belly prices experienced significant increases in January. Hog prices increased 17% and belly prices increased 20%, 72% pork trim prices were over 20% higher than last year. Higher trim prices and the rapid increase in belly prices created short-term margin pressures for some of our value-added products. Belly prices are being impacted by lower cold storage levels and higher demand for bacon. We project belly prices to be significantly higher compared to last year. We expect pork trim markets to be similar to last year for the balance of the year. Based on the futures market, we expect hog prices to be slightly higher than last year. As we assess the long-term future of the hog industry, we see three areas of focus: export demand, domestic consumption, and total U.S. harvest capacity. The majority of the new harvest capacity is reportedly coming online in late summer to early fall, representing an eventual capacity increase of about 8%. In our opinion, utilization of the additional capacity is dependent on increases in exports and domestic consumption. We will closely monitor the market dynamics as the new capacity comes online. At this time, we believe Hormel is at the right level of capacity given the current market conditions. We are well-positioned to make the necessary adjustments in our business to address changes in the pork industry. We remain confident in our balanced model. While Jennie-O Turkey Store may struggle this year, our growth in our other segments will be able to offset the declines. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: First question is on Jennie-O. Are you able to adjust your internal production to buy more from the outside to take advantage of some of the low prices in the open market?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Farha, Jim Snee here. We do already purchase some meat on the outside, and we do have flexibility at times. But our production cycle is a relatively long production cycle. So the flexibility doesn't really allow you to capitalize on all of that opportunity. But certainly, our team is looking at that and watching those market dynamics and taking advantage of it as they can.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then the second question is regarding M&A. I think you have a debt free balance sheet. Could you share with us what opportunities you're seeing out there? And where Hormel's focus is right now?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Sure, Farha. We're very active on the M&A front. And like most quarters, we feel good about the pipeline we have. For us, the biggest issue continues to be getting it across the finish line. That's always the most difficult part. But as we think about what we are focused on, the need to become more global, businesses or items that afford us the opportunity to become more healthy, holistic, on-the-go, multicultural are all things that are squarely in our wheelhouse. And then we also, of course, are looking for those right opportunities that will add scale or support existing businesses with the idea that we want businesses that are margin accretive, that are one or two in the categories where they compete, and we want to make sure that we're bringing more than just a check that we really can add value to the business. But I think the important thing to understand is that Fred and his team are very active. The pipeline is full, and we'll continue to work hard in that area.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe first continuing in Jennie-O, hoping you could dimensionalize a little bit and you did a little bit this before, but how much of the guidance reduction for the full year was really just the first quarter realized versus a weaker expectation for pricing and maybe some operational stuff in the balance of the year? And then I think you alluded, Jim, in the prepared remarks to Refrigerated, actually the guidance – the implicit guidance coming up a little bit and any way to – it was a $0.03 reduction at the total level kind of the Jennie-O decrease versus the Refrigerated increase, and how we should think about the size of the two of those?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Sure. So, Adam, as we put together our new guidance, on the JOTS side of the business, we do expect in Q2 to see similar decreases that we saw in the first quarter, and of course in half two, we're calling for mid-single digit declines for JOTS. We don't feel like we're being overly optimistic there, we are taking a realistic look at the business. We do expect stronger performance in Refrigerated Foods have very strong value-added sales, we expect that to continue. Specialty Foods group, the business and CytoSport which, of course, includes Muscle Milk, continues to perform well. So we are expecting stronger performance throughout the year. And then, Grocery Products have seen a lot of good sales momentum, we expect that to continue. International, same thing. So, we are expecting that those two business units will meet expectations. And then as we said, when we roll that all up, it's really – what we tout is our balanced business model that will offset some of those challenging market conditions for JOTS.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, that's helpful. And then within Refrigerated, I was hoping that the pork packing environment in November and December were exceptional, frankly, and I'm just wondering. Can you talk about the contribution of that to the Refrigerated and I guess the International business a little bit on the export side versus maybe some of the pressures you felt on the belly inflation that you saw in January and how those dynamics impacted the quarter?
James N. Sheehan - Hormel Foods Corp.: So, Adam, this is Jim Sheehan. You're right. We did have good market conditions more in the early part of the quarter, for us November, December. What we saw in January was that there was a freezer report that showed that there were some low levels of inventory, especially in the belly areas. And you saw some drastic increases in belly prices, trim prices were up and hogs were up, hogs were up, I think, 17%, bellies were up 20% in that one month alone. So that created some pricing pressure – short term pricing pressure but as those prices increase so quickly, it's hard to keep up with the pricing. There is generally about a 30-day delay before we can reset our prices and with that type of an increase, it put pressure in Refrigerated Foods.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And if I can just squeeze one final quick one. In Grocery, Justin's, it seems like there was only $13 million of sales in the quarter, I think the guidance for the year was $100 million. Can you just talk about what was going on there?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Yeah. Adam, we did – that your number is right and for us what it is the seasonality in the business. And we learned through the rollout – our innovative SKIPPY PB bites items, that once you get past Halloween, there are some seasonality, downturn in the confectionary business. So, it wasn't totally unexpected. But we are on track for the $100 million and the $0.01 EPS accretion this year. So feel really good. I think at its core, the volume for Justin's year-over-year was up 20%. So the business is doing quite well.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. Thank you.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Scott with CLSA.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Hey, thanks. Good morning. And thank you for the new disclosures in the press release. It's very, very helpful to break that out. I think in the past, you've talked about how ground beef wouldn't be a major challenge to turkey demand as it came back online. Are your views changing on this? Have consumers reacted to the drop in retail beef prices more actively than you previously thought?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Good morning, Jeremy. Jim Snee. I don't know if we've ever said that ground beef wouldn't be a major challenge. They obviously have a very strong position. Our position has been that we've seen growth in ground turkey because it continues to be on trend for consumers. And we expect over time that we are going to see growth in the share. We're going to see growth in the category. Obviously, in any given quarter or any given year you run the risk of the supply cycle, and I think that's what's happened here. Obviously, from a pricing perspective, we've seen some discounts. The one thing that I would point out is that our tray pack volume was still very strong for the quarter. The tray pack volume was up 15%. And so that tells us that the product is on trend with consumers. But ground beef is certainly going to be a challenge for us as we continue, but we feel like we've got the right product connecting with the right consumers.
James N. Sheehan - Hormel Foods Corp.: Jeremy, this is Jim Sheehan. One of the things that I'd remind you is with our balanced model, the lower beef prices are providing lower input costs for both Refrigerated Foods and Grocery Products, as beef is a major input for both of those segments. So there's a bit of an offset of the challenge in the turkey business.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Just on that point, I think we saw the ramp up in futures, and to a certain extent has continued, for beef that is, throughout the first couple months of 2017. But it almost seems like we're starting to reverse that and turkey is getting more futures support. So are these new numbers just a conservative outlook on 2017? Can we see upside to what you're currently posting at 15% – 16% margins?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: As we looked at the rollup, Jeremy, we really feel like we've done a deep assessment of the business, and this is a realistic outlook for the business. We've got some good strong sales growth even in the first quarter in retail, foodservice, deli. But the fact is there is competition out there, and we understand that. We understand the market dynamics. And so we feel like this guidance is a very realistic look, not only at JOTS, but all of the business segments.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. And if I could just squeeze in one last one, we're hearing that some of the plants coming online are having difficulty finding labor, an issue that seems to be pervasive throughout the industry. Can you address that? Can we expect capacity to maybe be a little bit slower than originally thought in terms of the ramp?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: That's a hard one, Jeremy. And we've talked about that a lot in terms of when we've been asked the question about what does it mean to you, one of the things we have responded with is tell us when. And so once we know when this is all going to happen, we'll be able to give you a better answer. And I think labor certainly is one of the variables that comes into the mix. From our perspective, clearly, we've got a great long-term workforce in many of our facilities, so we're well positioned. And so we will be watching the timing of these plants coming online very closely and trying to better understand what that means.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones with Vertical Group.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning. I was wondering if you could give us some color on Refrigerated Foods, specifically with regards to Q2. You said your outlook for the rest of the year was incrementally more bullish than previously. But for Q2, the comparisons are difficult on the fresh pork margin side, and the belly prices have been high. And so I was wondering if you could give us some color on how quickly you're able to pass through those higher belly prices with your bacon pricing, and if you could just give us some sense of the cadence as far as year-on-year for the rest of the year for Refrigerated.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Sure, Heather. This is Jim Snee. From our perspective, as Jim Sheehan described earlier, we did see a spike in belly prices, and we took appropriate pricing action. It's going to take a little while to work through the system, but we feel really good about our ability to continue to take pricing in that category. We've also seen some competitive pricing action in that category as well, which bodes well, we believe, for our future, especially in bacon. In Refrigerated Foods also, let's not forget about our strong foodservice business. They had another great quarter in the first quarter, and there's no signs of that business slowing down. So we feel really good about that. And so the second quarter should be a good quarter for Refrigerated Foods, and that's what's leading us to say we do expect it to be a stronger performance for the full year.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. So we should expect Q2 Refrigerated to be up year on year despite the margins we're seeing on the packer side?
James N. Sheehan - Hormel Foods Corp.: This is Jim Sheehan, Heather. Again, we're less concerned about the packer margins. We're more concerned about our input costs. So we do expect belly prices to be higher. Trim we think will be similar to last year, so we think it's going to decline a little bit. And hogs, we believe, will still remain a bit high.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay, thank you.
James N. Sheehan - Hormel Foods Corp.: So we have those input pressures, but we're confident about Refrigerated Foods.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay, thanks. And on the Jennie-O side, could you give us a sense of where you're seeing the most – you mentioned breast meat prices being down roughly 60% year on year, and you mentioned there's pricing pressure in all the channels, but is there any specific channel that's seeing the most price pressure?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Heather, I would say it's pretty consistent across retail, foodservice, and deli.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Good morning, Ken.
James N. Sheehan - Hormel Foods Corp.: Good morning.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So when I think about the $0.03 guidance reduction, how does this change your earnings power in 2018 and 2019?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Ken, it's early. First thing, obviously, is we're looking out the balance of the year driven by JOTS. As we get throughout the year, we'll be able to take a closer look at that, but it is early for us to be looking out into 2018 and 2019.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Let me rephrase this a little differently. I'm not looking for guidance. I'm saying, does this change your ability to deliver the 5% and 10% and your margin expansion opportunities in 2018, 2019, and 2020 going out? How much does this structurally change how you think about your business going forward?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Okay, thanks for the clarification, Ken. I don't think that it structurally changes our business going forward. We're obviously in a market cycle. That cycle will correct. And when we think about JOTS in particular, from our perspective, we know that there's history here. History has been on our side. We've seen this in 2003 and in the 2008, 2009 timeframe. In each case, we've emerged stronger. We know that it's important for us to stay disciplined. And JOTS, as you know, it's a key part of our balanced model and a key part of our business. So in terms of structural change, we don't see it, we just have to get through this cycle and we will.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And my next follow-up question to this is, on Refrigerated Foods, you indicated that it's going to be better than expected this year. Again, pork pack margins coming down, belly is higher. Help us understand how your business actually functions because I think those indicators would suggest otherwise, and yet you're saying it's stronger. So, help us understand how this business can actually operate in a subsiding pork packer margin environment.
James N. Sheehan - Hormel Foods Corp.: This is Jim Sheehan, Ken. Our Refrigerated Foods segment is the hardest segment to model. And it's difficult to model because of the focus on not only providing raw materials for our own – their own products in Refrigerated Foods, but it provides products to other businesses, especially International and Grocery Products. For instance, this quarter, fresh pork was actually transferred to International because International margins were greater than the margins that could be attained in fresh pork. So that – what you're referring to is the packer margin, you're really seeing some of that benefit in International and not in Refrigerated Foods. We had a strong quarter for the value-added products within the division. We're focused on what our input costs are, and I think we've given you some ideas to what input costs are going to be. There will be some commodity benefit. But in general, we think that spread will be offset by higher belly and trim prices. So again, focus on what's happening with the hog markets; what's happening with belly and trim prices.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. So I wanted to just get a little bit more clarification on the turkey shortfall. It looks like – and your disclosure, again, we really appreciate the extra disclosure. But it looks like profits are going to be off for the year by close to $100 million. But I'm trying to break that down into its components, right? So you said there is competitive pressure, and it looks like competitive pressure can be broken into two things, which is competing needs, and I'm not sure if there are any competing brands that are causing any pressure. But it looks like it's all competing needs. So, can you break down sort of the pressure into buckets, whether it's competing needs and lower turkey prices versus higher costs that are in your control? Like maybe just give us some sense of order of magnitude of those three.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Sure, Akshay. Jim Snee. So the first part around competition and competitive pressure, I mean, we are seeing it in the markets, or in the meats, as you say, and we are also seeing it from competitors. We're not the only company that was coming back out of AI looking to regain distribution and regain business. So there is an element of market pressure and competitive set pressure. So we are seeing that on both sides. And then when we think about the next piece when you talk about expenses, Jim Sheehan referenced some of the bird performance on the live production side and we know that those are cycles and our team, again, coming out of AI is already working on addressing that in the live production side of the business. So competition does have both parts. The expenses with bird performance. The other thing that we mentioned, which is going to be a very good thing for us over the long-term is our venture into raised without antibiotics. And right now, obviously, we're making investments in that business. We know that it's the right thing to do. And that includes feed, supply chain densities. There's a lot of things too that go into that. And then the last thing, Akshay, and I want to make this part just clear on your opening comment. We are not projecting $100 million decline year-on-year for Jennie-O Turkey Store.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Yes.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: We would expect it to be less than that, more – maybe half of that.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Yes. I meant relative to what your expectations were. So, yeah. I mean your guidance basically points to a $50 million decline, but relative to what you maybe were expecting before the delta might be that much. But that was helpful. So just want to delve into those issues a little bit more. So when you look at your projections now going forward, have you taken into account, there was – so I'm at CAGNY, there was a very large competitor in chicken that's getting into the ground poultry business, if I may. Is that included in your guidance? Do you think that's going to have a major impact this year?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Akshay, we saw that release earlier this week as well. Obviously, chicken has been in that space for a long time. And so it's too early to tell. We haven't seen the product, haven't really heard what the consumers think, haven't heard what retailers think. So it's really too early to tell on that specific product line. But clearly we'll be watching it closely.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Just last one. Prior to this quarter you were guiding to – Refrigerated EBIT growth to be flat for the year. Obviously, now you are saying it's better. Can you give us an order of magnitude how much better? I mean it looks like Refrigerated Food projection being better is the major offset to JOTS being lower. So, it looks like there's a significant positive change in your Refrigerated Food operating margin assumption. But can you just give us some order of magnitude what you expect EBIT growth in Refrigerated Foods for this fiscal year? Thank you.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Thanks, Akshay. Really we've got stronger performance for the balance of the year in both Refrigerated and Specialty Foods. On the Refrigerated side, the big driver there is going to be continued strong value-added sales both on the retail side of the business and continued strong performance from our foodservice team. And then on the Specialty Foods side, like we said, the CytoSport business continues to do well gaining distribution, but also some great, new innovative items that are really starting to take hold in the marketplace. So between those two things, that's really what's going to offset some of the difficult market conditions for JOTS.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Naughton with Piper Jaffray.
Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. On the Grocery Products side, is it fair to say and I think you broke this out in the release, I'm just trying to clarify that the category was up about it 3.1% on the top-line? And then I guess as a follow-up there, we didn't really see a lot of operating profit growth in that category but we did see a little bit of advertising jump in Q1. Is it fair to say that we expect to harvest some of those advertising investments as we get through the remainder of the year?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Yes, Sean. Jim Snee. That's a fair statement. Really in terms of expenses, obviously, advertising was up on the quarter. There, as you would expect, were expenses associated with the Justin's integration that are one-time expenses. So certainly advertising will play a benefit for the rest of the year. We won't have the ongoing integration charges, but the bigger driver in all of this is really the sales momentum for Grocery Products. And so SKIPPY continues to do really well. Our MegaMex portfolio of products is doing well. And then we do see some favorable market conditions that will help them out and then again the full year benefit of Justin's. So that's really what's driving our outlook for Grocery Products.
Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, that's great. And then, I guess, a follow-up would be just on the Refrigerated Foods segment. And there's been a lot of discussion about different commodities that are happening out there. But is there anything that you can talk about just in terms of structural changes that have been made in this segment? And I'm thinking specifically about the mix of sales and value-added versus commodity within that segment which may limit some of the downside pressure that you may have experienced 5 years to 10 years ago. Just any sort of delta in the value-add there.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: I think, Sean, we've talked a lot about the continued growth, the migration up the value ladder, if you will, in our Refrigerated Foods segment, and it occurs not just in packaged items. We're doing it across the entire Refrigerated Foods organization, in fresh pork, in meat products. It's happening everywhere. And so we'll continue to work on that, and we've been very successful. The other part to really consider is the, once again, strong growth of our foodservice business. That's a business that continue to deliver quite well for our organization. We don't expect that to slow down. And then a lot of the innovation work that we are doing in on-the-go with our party trays and some of our other items that we've developed. So is it a structural difference? It certainly is a structural shift, and we will continue to be working on that so that we do eliminate volatility over the long-term.
Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. I think most of the questions have been asked here. But two things. Just a follow-up to Ken Zaslow's question about your long-term margin aspirations. I think we need to hear it from you, Jim. Are you adhering to that long-term goal of being in your top quartile of your peer group and the range being 15% to 19%? Can you stick with that? And then the second thing, just more a technical thing. I think you said tray pack sales up 15% in Jennie-O. Is that a true consumer demand number, or does that also reflect just being on shelf more with an easy comparison to the AI from last year?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Sure. Thanks, Rob. So to your first question, the answer is yes. We are committed to that long-term margin guidance, and clearly the impact of Jennie-O on just this one quarter moved us back a little bit. But we do believe that this business is going to rebound and will emerge stronger and it's going to be a key part of that journey in the margin improvement. So the answer is yes. We are committed to that. And to your second question, certainly there are elements of both, right? I think we are still probably gaining back some distribution, but you're gaining back distribution because there's consumer demand. And so again, the underlying fundamental there is we feel really good about the business, it's connecting with consumers and it's on trend, and we expect to continue to do that.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, thank you.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. So I had two questions just related to your recent acquisitions. So first on Justin's, do you still believe you can achieve the $100 million sales target for this fiscal year? And then on Applegate, I was just curious how that's performing versus expectations. And as you look at the environment, clearly seeing deflation in more of the conventional offering, just wondering if that's at all challenging the Applegate offering.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Sure, Rupesh. Good morning, Jim Snee. Yeah, just following up on the earlier question around Justin's, the $13 million in the first quarter does account for some seasonality in the business in the whole confectionary space. But we do want to point out that the volume is up 20% year over year. And so we do believe that we're on track for $100 million for the full year and still remain very positive about that acquisition and that business going forward. And as you get to the Applegate business, our team there continues to work through the rebound of the supply situation, both on the pork side, and then that was compounded with turkey supply shortages through AI. And as you think of that business in specific parts of the store, the walled deli space is extremely competitive. The team's making progress there, but that's been a battle. Really a lot of continued success in the meat case and the freezer. Hot dogs, dinner sausage, the nuggets, the chicken breakfast sausage, those items are doing well. And we're working now on developing business in the foodservice channel as well. So we think that that business is very healthy and going to continue to do well.
Rupesh Parikh - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for getting me worked into the Q&A. Really a follow-up on the grocery sector, Jim and Jim. When you look at certain commodities, obviously you've had some cost inflation with avocados. You've got trim costs. Is that leading to some higher pricing in your guacamole and maybe even your SPAM division? I think guacamole prices have actually gone up a little bit. And then can you just talk about – your revenue growth is really strong there and I would think that that would be more of a positive mix, with SKIPPY growing, et cetera. So obviously with one-time expenses in the quarter, it held back your margins and your profits this quarter. But isn't there also a positive mix shift going on here as well for grocery which would be beneficial to margins as you move forward?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Sure. Eric, good morning, Jim Snee. Thanks for those questions. I'll try to break those down here. So the first one around avocados – and you are correct. We have taken pricing increases on Wholly Guacamole. And those prices have been in the marketplace a little while now, but consumer demand remains strong for the products. In terms of the avocado market, there are a couple of things. Prices are historically high, but they are down from some of their October peaks. The other thing to understand is that there is adequate supply. And so we have a number of – or a lot of the supply that comes out of Mexico, but we have other sources for supply as well. So there's adequate supply in that space. And we again feel really good about the business going forward. From a Grocery Products perspective, our guidance is consistent with what we laid out in the fourth quarter call. And so the business is very healthy, a lot of sales momentum. And you're right, once you get through some of these one-time expenses, we'll be able to deliver the guidance we laid out. And yeah, there is a mix shift (53:56), a mix shift as we think about the Justin's and SKIPPY and all of those product lines that really continue to build a nice broad base in the Grocery Products portfolio. So we feel really good about what Grocery Products is doing and where they're headed.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, thank you, Jim.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Hi, Mario.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I just wanted to follow up on the 5% sales growth target that had been laid out in the previous quarter, 5% excluding M&A. I didn't really hear much mention of that today. So my first question would be, is that intact? And then if it is, what's going to allow you to get to that? It would require some amount of acceleration over the upcoming quarters here. You're not going to have the benefit of the turkey supply normalization. That will have already been lapped at some point this year. So is there any additional detail you can provide on that? Thank you.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: I think we're on track for the 5% organic growth number. As you go around all of the different business segments, Refrigerated Foods, the strong value-added sales will continue to deliver there. JOTS will be slightly lower. We are going to see some volume growth, but obviously we understand the market conditions. Specialty Foods will continue to perform well. And then International, Grocery Products are all on track for what we said they were going to do. So we do believe, Mario, that we're going to be able to deliver that 5% organic number.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And I guess, is there any specific segment that is going to contribute more than what we've seen so far? Or is it going to be fairly evenly balanced?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: I mean, I think, we've said our stronger performance will come from Refrigerated and Specialty, but there's some really nice sales momentum in Grocery Products, and we don't expect that to slow down.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you very much. That's all for me.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Thanks, Mario.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Scott with CLSA.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Hey. Thanks for the follow-up. Just on that point, your organic growth in Specialty has been very, very strong and it's a little bit different than what we are tracking. So, if you can just point to that, what's your – I know you're just kind of bottling up all the different segments to get to your 5% number but could you give some indication on what Specialty Foods organic volume growth could be this year?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Specialty Foods, you've got to remember that that's still a mix of CytoSport, HHL and our Specialty Products group. And so when we talk about that business, we are talking across all those different categories that are performing well. So I think we expect that business to continue to be strong, and even within that segment there's a bit of a balance that goes on at any given time. We've seen some nice growth with CytoSport in some more traditional channels. Remember, the C-store business, which is a big part of the CytoSport business, isn't measured. And the team's done a great job not only gaining distribution but creating innovative new items to meet the needs of that channel. So it's all of those things that are really setting it up for a strong 2017.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones with Vertical Group.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Thanks for taking the follow-up. I just had a quick question on exports. Historically, Hormel has not been a big exporter on the pork side, but you guys mentioned that this quarter they were strong. I was wondering, the Chinese pork market continues to be strong but it has cooled some. So, should we expect that strong export volume to continue for the rest of the year? Or how should we think about that?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Heather, just a reminder, fresh pork exports are – they are a decent-sized part of the International business. They're not, I would say, a huge part of the overall company. And on any given year, obviously, we've had strength and then we've had some challenges with pricing pressure with products coming out of the European markets the last several years. But it does look like the markets are setting up for a strong full year. Certainly, you've got the China conditions, but I think we've also all read what's happened, or what is happening in South Korea, which is a strong export market for us. So I mean we do feel like it'll continue to be strong throughout the year.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: But am I correct in thinking and maybe I misunderstood this because the industry as a whole, it's roughly a quarter of the volume goes to export. I had thought that Hormel's – their exposure was less than that, but are you all in line with the industry?
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: No, we're less than that, Heather.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we have one final question from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Thanks for the follow-up. Just on turkey, can you just help me understand the dynamics of lower commodity prices on your portfolio, because 80% or so is value-added, so lower commodity needs should be good for a majority of your business? So I'm just a little bit – I'm trying to understand why that is causing such a big impact negatively on your margins. Thank you.
James N. Sheehan - Hormel Foods Corp.: Akshay, this is Jim Sheehan. And really what's happening with that lower commodity prices are the pricing pressure that it's putting on to the sales price. So that's really where we're feeling the impact.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Right. But on to – because you are value-added, typically you would be able to have a better margin, right? Your inputs, when you are doing value-added, are down so your end price shouldn't be coming down as much, right, typically. So I guess...
James N. Sheehan - Hormel Foods Corp.: I think to understand what occurred in the first quarter, one of the things that you shouldn't lose sight on is the bird performance, because the birds that we raise, we've talked about that we had some additional costs in those flocks. The flocks that we raised cost more and then they provided less meat than they typically will provide, and especially less breast meat. So the cost of raising the birds was the same price. Yes, there is some advantage in the commodity prices for breast meat that we're buying on the outside, but it's really the pricing pressure.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Got it. That's super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no additional questions at this time, gentlemen.
James P. Snee - Hormel Foods Corp.: Great. Well, thank you all very much. While unfavorable market conditions in the turkey industry challenged our Jennie-O Turkey Store business, the balance we have intentionally built into all of our businesses allowed us to deliver earnings growth this quarter. Our team has a track record of delivering results, and we clearly understand what needs to be done this year to deliver the guidance range we provided. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-11-22 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Nathan Annis - Director, IR Jim Sheehan - SVP, CFO James Snee - President & CEO
Analysts: Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Farha Aslam - Stephens Jeremy Scott - CLSA Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Rupesh Parikh - Oppenheimer Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal Eric Larson - Buckingham Research Group
Operator: Welcome to the Hormel Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of FY '16. We released our results this morning before the market opened, around 6:30 a.m. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.HormelFoods.com under the Investor section.  On our call today is Jim Snee, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jim Sheehan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will review each segment's performance for the fourth quarter and also provide outlook and guidance for FY '17. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results for the quarter and further assumptions relating to our FY '17 outlook. The line will be opened for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks.  As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:30 a.m. Central Standard Time today, November 22, 2016. The dial-in number is 877-627-6590 and the access code is 5999118. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year.  Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor Statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the Company, are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 33 through 40 in the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 24, 2016 for more details. It can be accessed on the website.  Additionally, please note the Company used non-GAAP results for FY '15 to provide investors with a better understanding of the Company's operating performance by excluding the impact of certain non-recurring items affecting comparability. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. During our call today, comparisons to the fourth quarter and full year of FY '15 will be made to these non-GAAP results. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee. 
James Snee: Well, thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. Earlier today, we announced record fourth quarter results of $0.45 per share, up 22% from last year. Sales for the quarter were up 9%, on a 9% increase in volume. For the full year, earnings per share were $1.64, up 24% versus FY '15. Sales were $9.5 billion, up 3% and volume was up 2%.  For the quarter, three of our five segments reported volume sales and earnings growth demonstrating the strength of our balanced business model. Refrigerated foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store posted excellent earnings, both up double-digits. Grocery products recorded solid gains, while specialty and international earnings were down for the quarter. I am particularly pleased with our top line results, with four of our segments generating sales growth.  Refrigerated foods fourth quarter operating profit increased 51%, with sales up 8% and volume up 9%. Refrigerated foods benefited from excellent growth in both retail and foodservice channels and from lower input costs notably hogs and bellies. In foodservice, items like Hormel Bacon1 fully cooked bacon and Hormel Fire Braised meats delivered solid growth, while our retail business was led by items such as Applegate deli meats, Hormel Natural Choice and Hormel Gathering party trays.  Jennie-O Turkey Store fourth quarter segment profit increased 26% with sales increasing 29%. Volume was up 32%. As a reminder, last year's results were negatively impacted by avian influenza. Higher bird weights and low grain prices were a benefit for the quarter. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store foodservice business performed well, with growth coming from many areas such as our Jennie-O raw boneless breast and sliced breast meat categories.  We also experienced sales growth in our retail and deli businesses. We were back on air with the Jennie-O Make the Switch campaign through October and have seen a positive response once again from our consumers. We saw strong sales growth in grocery products, up 16% and segment profit was up 5%.  Our legacy portfolio performed nicely with organic sales up 10%, including gains from many brands such as SPAM luncheon meat, SKIPPY peanut butter, Hormel Compleats, Herdez salsa. In addition, Justin's specialty nut butters contributed approximately $25 million in sales to the quarter and is well on track to meet our valuation pro forma and the $100 million in FY '17 sales we guided to when we announced the acquisition.  International sales increased 2%, while operating profits decreased 16%. While we're encouraged by the results from our SKIPPY business in China, our meat business continues to be pressured by high input costs.  Exports of fresh pork improved, as U.S. exports became more competitive due to lower hog prices. Specialty foods, excluding Diamond Crystal brands, grew sales 6% and volumes 11%. CytoSport posted excellent sales growth as they continued to introduce new innovative items in both ready-to-drink and powder formats. The CytoSport team also launched new Muscle Milk bars featuring 12 different flavors. Acceptance by our retail partners has been favorable.  The decline in segment profit is attributed to increased advertising on a year-over-year basis for the Muscle Milk brand. Innovation has been a foundation of our Company's success over the last 125 years which is why we recently announced a new innovation challenge for the year 2020, to have 15% of our total sales come from new products introduced in the previous five years. We finished 2016 with approximately 12% of sales from new products launched in the fiscal years' 2011 to 2015. This is a stretch goal for our organization and we expect to make substantial progress next year aided by recently introduced products, as well as those in the pipeline.  Looking to FY '17, we have positive momentum in each segment, employees all working towards the same goals and numerous initiatives in each of our strategic growth pillars of global, multi-cultural, healthy and holistic and on-the-go. Grocery products is expected to show growth in excess of their long term growth goals of 3% top line and 6% bottom line. Growth is expected to come from the positive momentum we have in SKIPPY peanut butter products, Herdez salsas and Wholly Guacamole dips in addition to Justin's. We will continue to invest in our key brands in 2017.  Yesterday, we announced the divestiture of the Farmer John, Saag's and PFFJ farms businesses. While the businesses performed well, they no longer met our strategic goals. Additionally, the divestiture allows for the integration of the pork processing facility at Farmer John, with the majority of live production operations which supply the facility and are currently owned by Smithfield. This divestiture is in the best interest of our shareholders and we continue to seek opportunities to utilize our cash towards investments aligned to our growth goals.  We're expecting decreased sales in refrigerated foods, as increased sales of value-added products will be offset by the divestiture of Farmer John which represents approximately $500 million. We see continued growth coming from brands such as Hormel Natural Choice, Hormel Gatherings, Hormel pepperoni and Applegate, in addition to foodservice sales growth from Hormel Bacon1 fully cooked bacon, Hormel Fire Braised meats and Hormel pizza toppings.  Due to the earnings per share dilution of approximately $0.03, refrigerated foods earnings are expected to be flat. Jim Sheehan will provide more color on the hog and pork environment in FY '17. We expect strong sales and earnings growth for the full year, as the Jennie-O brand continues to resonate with retail, deli and foodservice customers and consumers. Results will be weighted to the back half of the year, as the first half faces more difficult comparisons.  We intend to continue our advertising investments through the Make the Switch campaign to highlight the versatility of turkey in many of our consumer's favorite recipes. We expect our international segment to deliver strong profitable growth. In addition to improving results in China, we anticipate stronger exports for SPAM luncheon meat, SKIPPY peanut butter and CytoSport protein products. Our international team is eager to get our Jiaxing plant up and running in first half of the year, so they can leverage new production capabilities to grow our retail and foodservice businesses.  Specialty Foods results will likely show year-over-year declines in the first half due to the divestiture of Diamond Crystal brands, but we expect organic sales and earnings increases in the back half, as we anniversary the divestiture. The Muscle Milk brand has been performing well in both the protein beverage and powder categories and we expect those results to continue. I'm also very excited about our new Muscle Milk smoothies and many new Muscle Milk items in the innovation pipeline.  As we roll up our earnings outlook, we would have expected our guidance range to be $1.71 to $1.77 per share, representing a 4% to 8% increase. We took into consideration the three prior years of double-digit earnings growth and the one less week in 2017 as compared to 2016. However, factoring in the divestiture of Farmer John business representing earnings per share of approximately $0.03, we're setting our guidance range to $1.68 to $1.74 per share.  From a sales perspective, excluding the impact of both the Diamond Crystal brands and Farmer John divestitures and the positive impact of the Justin's acquisition, we anticipate our business will generate organic sales in line with our long term target of 5%. We believe our Company can continue to grow at 5% top line and 10% bottom line over the long term. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss the financial information relating to the fourth quarter and additional key drivers for 2017. 
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Volume in the fourth quarter was 1.4 billion pounds, a 9% increase compared to last year. Sales for the fourth quarter were $2.6 billion, a 9% increase also. Excluding the impact of both the sale of Diamond Crystal brands and the Justin's acquisition, volume was up 14% and sales were up 11%. Net sales for the fourth quarter were $244 million, up 30% compared to GAAP net earnings last year of $187 million. Net earnings were up 22%, compared to non-GAAP earnings of $200 million last year.  FY '16 was a 53 week year, with the extra week falling in Q4. We estimate the impact from this extra week was between 1% to1.5% for the full year. Advertising expense for the quarter was $55 million, compared to $30 million last year as we continued to invest in our brands. Looking into 2017, we anticipate advertising expenses to be similar to 2016.  Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $35.4 million, compared to $34.4 million last year. Equity and earnings for the quarter was $11 million, up 41% compared to last year. The increase was a result of our strong results in mega packs with brands such as Herdez salsa and Wholly Guacamole performing well in the marketplace. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 33% versus 35.2% in 2015. For 2017, we expect our effective tax rate to be between 33% and 33.5%.  Cash flow from operations was $371 million in the fourth quarter, up 23% over last year. During the quarter, $145 million of short term debt was repaid. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $90 million, compared to $47 million last year. The increase in CapEx is primarily related to our new plant in Jiaxing, China and lean ground turkey expansion at Jennie-O Turkey Store.  For FY '17, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $250 million, compared to $256 million in 2016. Major projects for 2017 include the completion of our plant in China and numerous capacity expansions for value-added product lines. We will continue to invest capital to support our value-added products and improve food and employee safety.  We paid our 353rd consecutive quarterly dividend effective November 15, at an annual rate of $0.58 per share. Our Board of Directors approved an annual dividend rate of $0.68 per share, representing a 17% increase. FY '17 will represent the 51st consecutive year of increasing our dividends. Jim Snee and I intend to continue this longstanding policy.  We repurchased 1.2 million shares of common stock, spending $43 million in the fourth quarter. We have 13 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization. We will continue to repurchase stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises.  As we discussed at our third quarter conference call, we're providing a total Company margin goal. Our goal for 2020 is to have our EBIT margin to be in the top quartile of our peer group. Today, the top quartile range is 15% to19%. The goal is consistent with our long term growth goals of 5% top line and 10% bottom line.  We experienced favorable input costs for the fourth quarter in many, but not all of our businesses. Key inputs such as hog and belly prices were down, compared to the fourth quarter last year. Trim prices were below -- were flat, beef prices were down. Corn and soybean meal prices were lower for the quarter versus 2015. Turkey breast meat prices were below 2015 during avian influenza.  We expect favorable hog and pork markets for 2017. The USDA is calling for a 3% to 4% increase in the hog supply in 2017. The majority of the new industry capacity is anticipated to come on line after the summer of 2017. We expect hog harvest levels at our Austin and Fremont plants to be down 1% due to one less week in the fiscal year.  Barring any unforeseen weather events, we expect favorable grain prices for Jennie-O Turkey Store in 2017. We anticipate turkey breast meat prices to be below 2016 levels. Going forward, we expect lower beef and chicken input costs for our value-added products. We also see comparable prices to 2016 for other key raw materials such as peanuts and tomatoes.  One area we're watching closely is the avocado market. The avocado market increased substantially in 2016. We're maintaining an adequate supply of avocados by leveraging our global supply chain. Overall, we're confident that the strength of our value-added products, recent acquisitions and favorable market conditions will provide Hormel another record year. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question and answer portion of the call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow: I thought that Jim and Jim you were going to give us at some point a three to five year outlook for operating margins and where you think margins can go kind of longer term. Are you working on that or am I mistaken? 
Jim Sheehan: We did provide a margin goal that is to be in the top quartile of our peer group by 2020. Currently, that margin range is 15% to 19%. We're currently in the third quartile of that group so to reach that goal we not only need to improve our own margins but we need to outperform our peers. 
Robert Moskow: Okay got you, so top quartile 15% to 19%, that’s over three to five years or is that correct? 
Jim Sheehan: 15% to 19% is where those margins exist now. We intend to be in the top quartile in 2020. 
Robert Moskow: Okay, sounds good. And I guess my follow-up here would be specifically on your refrigerated outlook, obviously refrigerated to be flat in fiscal 17 despite losing some profit from the divestiture is quite bullish for the business. Can you give us a sense about the mix of that, do you expect your fresh pork profits to be up or do you expect those to be down and value-added mix do you expect those profits to be up or down, can you give us a sense of what the break out is? 
James Snee: Sure. Well good morning, Rob this is Jim Snee. I think as we think about our refrigerated Foods portfolio we've got a lot of positive momentum. Our foodservice organization had a great year in 2016. We expect that to continue in 2017. Our meat products group with a number of their value-added items, bacon, party trays, Natural Choice, all performed extremely well this year so we expect that to continue and clearly those will all have a positive impact as we head into 2017. 
Robert Moskow: Okay, so with profits being flat is the implication that value-added is up and maybe commodity is down a little bit? 
James Snee: Yes, that's correct. 
Operator: We will now hear from Farha Aslam with Stephens. 
Farha Aslam: Could you talk about the new pork plants that are coming online how you anticipate that will affect your business and in particular how that would affect your pork operations? 
Jim Sheehan: We're expecting hog prices to be similar to 2016 and 2017. We believe there's a balanced supply and demand of hogs in 2017, the USDA is estimating that the hogs will be up about 3% to 4%. The plants that are coming online are expected to come on line after the summer of 2017. 
Farha Aslam: And so beyond 2017, how do you think Hormel is positioning itself for those new plants coming online? 
Jim Sheehan: We think that we're well positioned. We're constantly looking at the supply needs that we have for our value-added products. The reason that we harvest hogs is to provide those raw materials for the value-added products so we're really balancing it with the value-added products that we need. 
Farha Aslam: Okay so you can just purchase more of the meat coming out of those facilities? 
Jim Sheehan: That's exactly correct. 
Farha Aslam: Rather than the hogs, so you continue to maintain that balance in your portfolio? 
Jim Sheehan: That's correct. 
Farha Aslam: Okay and then my last question is on M&A. You have a pristine balance sheet. What are you seeing out there? What are you interested in right now? 
James Snee: Our pipeline on the M&A side is full and just as a reminder, we're looking for opportunities that are accretive to our overall portfolio, are number one and number two in the categories in which they compete. We want to make sure that we can bring value to the business, so I mean we start there but we made sure that they are aligned around our strategic growth areas of becoming more global, more multi-cultural items or brands that are more on the go and then of course this area of healthy and holistic. It's all about timing and getting some of them across the finish line but I would tell you that the pipeline is robust and full. 
Operator: Our next participant is Jeremy Scott with CLSA.
Jeremy Scott: So pretty impressive guidance number next year. I just wanted to clarify from your commentary it seems like, and correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems like Grocery Products is driving the majority of the organic top line and bottom line and I'm just - based on some of the trends we've seen in our checks it seems like a little bit of a stretch so if you can just maybe synthesize and break down exactly where most of the earnings growth will come from next year? 
James Snee: Sure, well good morning Jeremy. We feel good about all five of our business units, Grocery Products is planning to have a strong year next year organically in line with our 3% top line 6% bottom line goals, but then the addition of Justin's so we feel really good about the momentum that we have in Grocery Products coming off a very strong fourth quarter. Our Specialty Foods group with the work we've done building the Muscle Milk brand is showing impressive growth, as I mentioned earlier we do see strong value-added growth across a number of Refrigerated Foods portfolios and then we're well positioned we're back in supply with Jennie-O Turkey Store and so really believe that all five business units are going to be able to show very positive contributions as we head into 2017. 
Jeremy Scott: Okay, and then just maybe on the long term the top quartile of the 15%-19%, can you get there on the core business or is that include some type of mix of acquisitions and divestitures including obviously the Farmer John which is margin accretive but sales dilutive. 
Jim Sheehan: Yes, it's going to be a mix of all of those things, Jeremy. We know that we need improvements in our organic business. We will have M&A along the way and we're constantly reviewing our portfolio and if we have pieces of it that don't fit that are no longer strategic I think we've clearly established that we'll make the right moves there as well. 
Operator: We will now hear from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. 
Akshay Jagdale: Just two questions. First on the long term target obviously, very much in line with what you've done historically but if you look at the last four years your margins are up I think 460 Bps, a vast majority 70% of that has been driven by Refrigerated Foods margins improving. Part of that I would say I don't know how much of it is related to industry dynamics being favorable so I'm just trying to understand like the building blocks of the next four years considering or coming off we'll be coming off of a pretty favorable environment in one of your segments that happens to have driven a vast majority of the increase historically so that's my first question. And the second one, again related to Refrigerated Foods when this capacity does come on which clearly you're saying in ‘17 doesn't look like it's going to cause any disruption, when it does come on, there's likely to be some disruption on the processing margins. How do you envision navigating through that environment from an earnings growth perspective? Thank you. 
James Snee: So on your first question, I mean for us we need to continue to grow our value-added businesses in all of our portfolios so we've been transparent that market conditions have provided some of the improvement in Refrigerated Foods but certainly not all of it. We've had a number of value-added improvements, some M&A activity in that space that's proved to be accretive and so those are the things that will continue to do across all of our businesses to move into that top quartile.  Your second question in regards to some of the capacity coming online post 2017, we have navigated through volatility and delivered earnings growth, 28 out of 31 years now and so as Markets change, clearly we know that we have to react and I think we've demonstrated that we can react that our business can react and deliver growth so we're watching all of it very closely. Jim’s assessment of the timing we believe it's the most accurate timing that we have and we'll take advantage of it while we can and then when market conditions change we'll act accordingly. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: Was hoping to dig deeper on the sales growth guidance of 5% organic for the year and think about it by business a little bit because I see a market outlook and you talked about during your cost that is at best neutral but probably a little bit deflationary given the key proteins that you touch and that kind of organic growth maybe save easy comps in Jennie-O in the first half of the year that for the totality of the portfolio hasn't done 5% organic for some time and I'm trying to just think about where the accelerations coming from in the base to get that kind of organic revenue growth especially given the commodity environment we're likely to continue to see for some time. 
James Snee: You know, as we've talked about all of our growth goals for each of the business units, we've had Grocery Products which is at throw and six organic and we do feel like we're well positioned with the success that we've had with Spam and Skippy and our air Des line of products to be able to deliver on their organic goal, as you mentioned the Jennie-O Turkey Store piece which we do believe we'll be able to exceed that 5% top line number, the specialty group we're going to have to anniversary the DCV piece but feel really good about the Muscle Milk business which is the driver of that organization. We see a return to our accelerated growth rates from our international business which is 10 top line 15 bottom line and so obviously Refrigerated Foods with the divestiture you're going to have a lot of moving parts there but as we go around the horn and think about all of our business units, we see a lot of momentum and feel really positive as we head into 2017 and we understand the deflationary piece you're talking about and there are some commodity portions of the portfolio that will react to that but so much of our portfolio is value-added that it's less impacted. 
Adam Samuelson: Okay and then maybe just a clarification point on the long term on that long term margin piece. A, 15%-19% would be where the top quartile is now so we're talking apples-to-apples the number for fiscal 16 is just the equity income minority interest what was the realized 2016 number and second is that long term margin goal going to be part of long term Management incentive compensation in any form? 
James Snee: The five and 10 will continue to be the goals we set and we measure against but as you take the five and 10 we will increase our operational margins and I want to be clear that we're talking about not 15 and 19 in 2020. We're just giving you the range that we see the top quartile currently. 
Adam Samuelson: Right, I'm just asking where you are today. 
Jim Sheehan: About 14%. 
Adam Samuelson: Okay and then so but it won't be part of formerly part of long term Management compensation as such? 
James Snee: We'll continue to be focused on 5% top line 10% bottom line. We have as I mentioned a little while ago some business units that are three and six in GP and then 10 and 15 in international but those are the long term growth goals that will continue to be focused on and incenting our top management. 
Operator: We will now hear from are Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh: I also wanted to touch on the operating margin so again another strong year of operating margin expansion. Is there a way to isolate the impact from the changes in the portfolio from divestitures and the recent acquisitions that you made, what type of benefit that helped in 2016 and how we should think about the mix impact next year? 
James Snee: The acquisitions have been accretive to our margins and we see those acquisitions continuing to perform strongly in 2017. So they've been an advantage. 
Rupesh Parikh: And the divestitures would be the same. Those obviously are lower than the margins weave historically had. 
James Snee: Correct. 
Rupesh Parikh: Is there any way to quantify what that benefit could be for the upcoming year? 
James Snee: No. 
Rupesh Parikh: Okay. And on the grocery products portfolio very strong products in your legacy with 109% organic growth. Want to get a sense of what's driving that this quarter and how you think about the sustainability and strength there? 
James Snee: Yes, our team has done a great job. When you think about the portfolio, we have had ongoing success as a result of the Skippy acquisitions, the investments we've made in that brand, the distribution we've gained, the innovation we've had and if you go across that entire line, Spam had great performance as well. That's a brand that we continue to invest in. We think about our multicultural product offerings, our salsas and dips and again something that's resonating with consumers that's on trend and we did have a nice fourth quarter from completes as well so obviously as we head into the future some of the comps are probably a little easier but I do think that our team is continuing to figure that brand out that product line so we just feel good about the momentum we have in Grocery Products. 
Rupesh Parikh: Okay great last one for me clearly your results have been an outlier compared to other food companies as you look at the grocery back drop on the foodservice side, have you seen any changes in the overall back drop on the macro front? 
James Snee: From a foodservice perspective, our team has consistently outperformed what's happening in the industry and they're doing that through their ability to connect with foodservice Operators by the salesforce, the direct sales for that we utilize, their ongoing innovation and really creating great solutions for operate res, so we expect that to continue. From a retail perspective it's the same thing. We understand what's happening with the consumer but the consumer is shopping many different parts of the store and I think the beauty of our portfolio is that no matter where they go in the store if center store or on the perimeter we've got a full offering of products to meet their needs and I think that really set us up for strong future growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank. 
Mario Contreras: So about a year ago we were hearing about relatively high pork operating margins moderated somewhat over the next couple of quarters but fast forwarding to today, it looks like that's once again at pretty historically high levels in terms of where the cut outs are versus live hog prices so I just wanted to get a sense of how you view that dynamic, what's driving the widening spread and where do you see that going over the next couple quarters here? 
Jim Sheehan: Well we focus primarily, Mario on hog prices and we see hog prices being similar to 2017 as they were in 2016 and 2017. The USDA is looking for an expansion of 3-4% and appears the supply and demand is in balance so we look at the hog Markets as being favorable as we go into 2017. It's important to understand that we're a net buyer of other commodities so we're impacted by some of the decreases in the other inputs, such as bellies and trim. 
Mario Contreras: Okay and then just one question on China. Want to understand where you see that recovery coming from in 2017. I know you have the plan that's going to be opening up at some point during the year so is that going to be driving most of the improvement or is there some other factors at play there, thanks. 
James Snee: This year the story in China was really the higher input costs and as we head into 2017, when we get past the Chinese New Year, we're forecasting a decline in that raw material market and so it wasn't a story of volume in China. The retail business got off to a slow start but it rebounded, our foodservice meat business was strong throughout the year, it really was more about the input cost and the tightening of the margins. We expect to get some relief after the Chinese New Year so we would expect to continue the volume growth and then have margin expansion as well. 
Operator: We will now hear from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. 
Ken Zaslow: Just wanted to touch base on this. Your margin outlook, getting into that 15%-19% CAGR by 2020, what is the progression step to get there? 
James Snee: I think it's the continued growth of the value-added product. The moving of the value-added product up what we've referred to is the value ladder taking into higher levels of margins. Clearly acquisitions are a part of our strategy. We've sold out some businesses that were on the lower end of that range so I think it's the focus on improving our operating margins across-the-board. 
Ken Zaslow: What about also operating favorable operating leverage because as you talk about sales growth this year you're in a deflationary environment your volumes will have to clearly exceed your pricing. My pricing could be down or flattish or whatever but it's all volume and yet you aren't talking about leveraging your facilities or any sort of structure all reassessment of your plant. Is there any other enhancement from a structural basis that we could think about? 
James Snee: Certainly. We're constantly looking at leveraging our capacity and finding the correct capacity utilizing the capacity in the optimal manner, continuous improvement as a focus of all of our plants taking cost out of the system as a focus of our operations every day so we're constantly focused on taking cost out whether it's through cost reductions or efficiencies in the operations. we made movements with a few plants now where we optimize other capacity and have been able to eliminate some excess capacity to improve the efficiencies. 
Ken Zaslow: Okay, I think it's a great target and over time hopefully what we may be able to get a little bit more insight on is the progression really the strategic improvement of how to get there because again, I think somebody earlier mentioned it that you have defied logic and not a commodity coming in the top quartile of the growth of your package food peers and you continue to do that so I'm just trying to figure out exactly what's the next steps to be able to get to that 15%-19% and I guess the value-added and just trying to figure out how you'll go from being top quartile in your growth rate to continue that process so any clarity on that is always helpful Thank you. 
James Snee: Well thanks, Ken. This is Jim. I think you hit on it right. There's been a very logical strategic progression and we do expect to continue down that path. It will be supplemented along the way certainly with right M&A opportunities but fundamentally and I've talked about it many times in the past, is for us it really is all about this formula for success so it's investing in the right brands, it's making sure that we have the right innovation process, I mean we're challenging ourself with this increased innovation goal and then the strategic acquisitions aligned around our growth pillars and so it is a very logical progression. It's also a very disciplined progression and I think what Jim Sheehan described to you in terms of our focus on continuous improvement each and every day going our people are going to work saying how do I do things a little more efficiently, a little more effectively to take costs out of the system those allied up to that logical progression in getting us to that top quartile so appreciate your comments but I mean that's how we're going to get there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group. 
Eric Larson: First question I just want to clarify make sure that I'm collecting this with the divestiture of Farmer John, that effectively takes you out of all harvesting activities, do you have anything else anywhere else? 
James Snee: No, we still have our harvest facilities here in Austin, Minnesota and Freemont, Nebraska on the pork side of the business. 
Eric Larson: Yes, but you don't effectively own those? Via what from the labor settlement that you had I believe somebody else actually operates that for you is that correct? 
James Snee: In Freemont, I mean we own and operate in the Austin facility we have a third party relationship but that's in essence a pass through so we do have in our opinion we have two harvest operations, one in Austin and one in Freemont. 
Eric Larson: And then it was an impressive dividend increase. I was actually thinking that you were going to have even a greater dividend increase given the year that you had and I think that it puts you in a payout ratio of about 41% and I think your peer group is a little bit higher. Can you kind of clarify your kind of how you're targeting your payout ratio and maybe you're going to return more cash to shareholders through maybe modestly more aggressive buybacks more than maybe just covering your dilution from stock options can you kind of discuss that dynamic? 
Jim Sheehan: I'll do the math of our peer group we're number 11 out of 18 as we look at the peer group and we do have a goal to move that up over the years. We've done it in a fairly consistent but aggressive manner. We're focused on the use of cash. Dividends is one of the four uses of cash that we have. We certainly have been focused on acquisitions. We've made acquisitions over the last several years. We'll reinvest $250 million into CapEx in 2017 those are primarily to support our value-added businesses and we along with the dividend we also do some stock buyback. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll hear from Jeremy Scott with CLSA. 
Jeremy Scott: Just you probably heard this question a number of times but given the significant move in wholesale ground beef costs, does Jennie-O need a higher level of add and Marketing support going forward in order to sustain volume growth? 
Jim Sheehan: This is Jim Sheehan. I'll take that question. It continues to increase penetration of ground Turkey and the ground Turkey represents about 10-12% of the total ground meat Markets, we're competing well against the ground beef and we continue to see growth in that. We've expanded capacity for our ground Turkey business. 
James Snee: We need to watch that. Clearly we understand what's happening in that competitive set but again, our main focus is making sure we have the right products consumers are looking for and we've been through this before with ground beef pricing and so to use a comment from an earlier question is there's a logical progression here so this lien ground Turkey is connecting with consumers, Jim describes how it's growing in terms of its relative share to the grant meat market so we feel like we're well positioned. Will we be opportunistic where we need to be? Absolutely but the fact is we're in the right place, this is an on trend consumer product that we know is going to continue to grow. 
Jeremy Scott: I was hoping you could give a broader assessment of grocery trends relative to foodservice obviously we're seeing a growing gap between the relative inflation rates and perhaps the shift in demand. You know the strong sales in Spam and Skippy are you starting to see pantry restocking and which categories will continue to benefit in this environment? 
James Snee: I mean, I guess again, just going back to how we think about our business heading into 2017, we feel really good about the momentum we have in our Grocery Products division. Again Skippy has had a nice long runoff quarter-over quarter growth. Spam will show growth again in 2017 and then you referenced our foodservice business and again, great year 2016, poised for another great year in 2017, we talked a lot about our bacon one fully cooked bacon and the capital investments that we've made their support that business, so we feel really good about both grocery products and foodservice. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take a follow-up from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow: Just want to make sure I understand the guidance on Jennie-O correctly. I think you said that it's a difficult it will be more of a back half loaded year. Did you mean that in terms of sales and profit or just sales? And if I recall, I think January is when you think that you're going to get more distribution on shelves for your ground Turkey business because that's when retailers are resetting their merchandising? Thanks. 
James Snee: From a sales growth perspective, we see that being fairly consistent throughout the year, the earnings comp would be skewed to the back half and certainly, gaining distribution is tied to the plans that the retailers have so we'll continue to take advantage of that. I think again the underlying premise here is that our team is doing a great job, they are gaining distribution and it's a product line of lien ground Turkey that is squarely in the consumer need set and we feel really good about it. 
Robert Moskow: So you're on track in terms of your distribution expectations? 
James Snee: Yes absolutely. 
Operator: Once again we will hear from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. 
Akshay Jagdale: Again just as we think about the long term goal, can you I know you probably aren't willing to give out a number on percentage value-added etc. , because I don't think that's how you manage the business but can you give us some color on sort of segment by segment how you're going to get to this margin target. I mean basically it equates to your normal algorithm of double digit EPS growth, so we know the formula is to increase percentage of value-added right? But probably what's more important math [indiscernible] is the margin profile of value-added you always are enhancing that, so can you without getting into the numbers can you just give us some sense of how you're managing how its managed at the segment level that would be helpful and I had one more follow-up. 
James Snee: Sure, this is Jim. I mean, I think the important thing when you're thinking about this is we have to absolutely remain focused on the long term growth algorithms that we've set for each of our business units so we talked about Grocery Products at throw and six and that's going to be a mix of organic growth and acquisitions. We're going to see the same thing across all of our business units, the other Refrigerated Foods, Jenny-O Turkey Store Specialty Foods, five and 10 and then we'll need international to return to their 10 and 15 long term growth algorithm. If we're able to deliver that and we know we will and we'll do it through abalones of organic growth, you referenced of value-added which is something we do each and every day and then also having the right strategic acquisitions that's the logical progression for how we get there. 
Akshay Jagdale: Okay and just one more so when you look back the list four years obviously you'd agree there been a benefit from grain costs and I guess favorable hog prices if I may. It's hard to quantify that bouging rally speaking, I think you also would agree that potentially, that's going reverse going forward. So when you think about you can call to offset that clearly M&A is an area where you can get more aggressive given your balance sheet and your solid track record but can you just give us any incremental sort of buckets that maybe historically weren't part of the equation that you might be considering? 
James Snee: I think our story of the markets ebb and flow and our history of delivering 28 out of 31 years of growth in some of the most volatile market conditions, there's a bucket to consider in terms of our ability to be able to weather unfavorable market conditions. Clearly you've hit it on the head that there are M&A opportunities for us as we head into the future. We've got as I mentioned earlier a robust pipeline of opportunities that we're pursuing and then I think the other thing we have to remember is you delivered the growth 28 out of 31 years but we also have a Management team that has 26 years of experience with Hormel Foods who are responsible for delivering those results, so as we head into the future, we're confident that we have the right people, the right products, the right processes in place to be able to get into that top quartile. 
Operator: With no further questions in the queue I would like to turn the call back over to your hosts for any additional or closing remarks. 
James Snee: Yes, well thank you all very much for your participation today. Before we leave today, I would like to take this time to acknowledge our outgoing CEO, Jeff Ettinger. As we previously announced, Jeff retired as CEO effective on October 30. During Jeff's tenure over the past 10 years, the Company significantly increased revenues, net earnings, dividends and shareholder value. Under Jeff's leadership, the Company continued to focus on innovation while adding new brands & Companies into the Hormel Foods family. Brands like Skippy, holy Guacamole, Applegate and Justins. I personally look forward to working with Jeff and his role as non-executive Chairman of the Board. I also want to let everyone know we will be holding our in vast or day in New York on June 15. I'm excited to showcase our senior leadership team and take you deeper into each of our segments while also describing our plans for growing the business. You will see a Press Release soon. Finally, I just want to conclude this call by saying I am extremely proud of the excellent results our team posted this quarter and for the full year. 14 straight quarters of record results is truly an accomplishment. One of our seven cultural beliefs here at Hormel Foods is results matter. And I know our team is up to the challenge of delivering another record year in 2017. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, I thank you for your participation and I want to wish you all a safe and happy Thanksgiving. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: That concludes todays conference thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-08-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Nathan Annis - Director, Investor Relations Jeff Ettinger - Chairman and CEO Jim Snee - President and COO Jody Feragen - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal Jeremy Scott - CLSA
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 am Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our Web site at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investor section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Snee, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide an overview of the quarter and then Jim will comment on the segment results, outlook and guidance for fiscal 2016. Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be opened for questions following Jody's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions you are welcome to get back in the queue. And audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10 am Central Time today August 18, 2016. The dial-in number is 800-533-7619. And the access code is 6233484. It will also be posted to our Web site and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results for the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 32 through 39 in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 24, 2016 for more details. It can be assessed on our Web site. Now I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Ettinger: Good morning everyone. Before we get into this quarter's results, I want to express my appreciation for all the contributions Jody Feragen has made to Hormel Foods. As previously announced, Jody will be retiring as CFO at the end of the fiscal year, so this will be her last earnings call. Jody has been a dynamite CFO. During her tenure, our team has delivered exceptional returns to our shareholders. She was instrumental in helping to complete over $2.7 billion in strategic acquisitions that have transformed our portfolio, and she oversaw close to $1.6 billion in dividends delivered to our shareholders. Jody also led numerous initiatives across the accounting, treasury, information technology, corporate development, and Investor Relations areas that have made our company better. Jody will be missed around the office and we wish her well in her well-earned retirement with her husband, Dwayne. Hormel Foods is fortunate to have a very strong bench of talent throughout our organization and the accounting and finance area is no exception. Jim Sheehan will assume the CFO position upon Jody's retirement with a deep knowledge of all areas of finance and accounting, emanating from his experience at Hormel Foods as Controller, Treasurer, and in numerous other roles. We have the utmost confidence in Jim's leadership and capabilities in this new role. Now on to the results. Earlier today, we announced record third quarter results of $0.36 per share, up 33% from last year. Sales for the quarter were $2.3 billion, up 5%, while volume was up 1%. Three of our five segments reported sales, volume, and earnings growth. Refrigerated foods, Jennie-O Turkey Store, and International, all posted excellent results. Grocery products enjoyed modest top line growth, though earnings were flat for the quarter. The specialty foods segment saw declines in sales and earnings due to the previously announced divestiture of Diamond Crystal Brands in May. I would like to take this opportunity to reconfirm that our long-term goals of 5% sales growth and 10% bottom line growth continue to be a appropriate for our company. While we recognize any given year may deviate from these goals, we believe they are achievable over the long run due to our proven ability to build strong brands that resonate with consumers, innovate in categories where we compete, make strategic acquisitions and achieve balanced growth in various market conditions. For the past two years, we have also provided segment margin ranges. These ranges were intended to offer enhanced clarity to our business. Unfortunately, we believe they have added elements of confusion as they have not always been aligned with our primary performance goals of 5% topline and 10% bottom line growth, and they were not intended to be quarterly ranges. In light of this, we have decided to curtail the practice of providing segment level ranges going forward. However, we will provide an updated total company margin target during the fourth quarter call that we feel is achievable over the next three to five years. This long-term total company margin target will be consistent with and supported by our company growth goals. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee, who will take you through each segment.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning everyone. Refrigerated Foods third quarter operating profit increased 24% with sales up 9% and volume up 3%. Refrigerated foods benefited from the addition of the Applegate business, favorable market conditions, and great results from our food service business. In addition, prior year results did include $8.6 million in Applegate transaction costs. Our food service value-added products showed robust growth, led by brands such as Hormel Bacon 1 Fully Cooked Bacon, Old Smoke House Bacon, and Hormel Fire Braised meats. We also saw sales growth from many of our retail products, including Hormel Natural Choice lunch meat and Hormel gatherings party trays. Jennie-O Turkey Store third quarter segment profit increased 59% on a 20% increase in sales. Production volumes returned to normalized levels during the quarter, which enabled the food service and deli teams to deliver strong volume, sales, and margin gains. We also saw nice retail sales growth in Jennie-O Turkey bacon. Our retail division at Jennie-O Turkey Store continues to gain back distribution that was curtailed during the outbreak last year, even as competitive activity has heightened in the broader ground meats category. International sales and operating profits both increased 5%. Strong exports of fresh pork, SKIPPY peanut butter, and SPAM luncheon meats all contributed to the increase in sales and earnings. Our China business posted strong earnings growth as SKIPPY peanut butter products more than offset declines in processed meats. Higher pork costs continue to pressure the domestic retail China business. Grocery product segment profit was flat for the quarter as earnings from value-added products did not offset increased advertising expenses and acquisition transaction costs related to the Justin's deal. Sales were up 3% aided by the inclusion of Justin's specialty nut butters and strong sales from SKIPPY peanut butter, SPAM luncheon meat, and Wholly Guacamole. Our grocery products team continues to deliver exciting and innovative new products such as SKIPPY pb bites and the Herdez Guacamole salsa. Both recently introduced products are exceeding our expectations in the marketplace. Specialty foods segment profit decreased 13% and sales decreased 25%, primarily due to the divestiture of Diamond Crystal Brands and reductions in contract manufacturing sales. Our CytoSport team posted strong growth for Muscle Milk protein beverages and powders once again this quarter. We continue to be pleased with the new Muscle Milk protein smoothies, which have been well received by consumers. Now, as we look forward into the fourth quarter, we expect refrigerated foods to continue growing sales and earnings through increases in value-added products in both the retail and food service channels. Our early view on fiscal 2017 shows a roughly 2% to 3% increase in hog supply. With the majority of new industry capacity coming online starting in the summer of 2017, we expect to see favorable market conditions through most of fiscal 2017. Jennie-O Turkey Store is positioned to show strong sales and earnings growth in the fourth quarter and continues to be focused on regaining distribution. Lower grain input costs should continue to be a tailwind in the fourth quarter. As we announced in the second quarter call, we are excited to be back on air in the second half of the year with our very successful make-the-switch campaign. We expect this advertising campaign to help improve distribution and growth of our Jennie-O ground Turkey product. We expect continued growth in our SPAM luncheon meat and SKIPPY peanut butter products to drive fourth quarter results for the international segment. Grocery products is expected to show strong sales growth driven by the inclusion of Justin's and positive momentum in SKIPPY peanut butter and Wholly Guacamole dips. The Muscle Milk brand has been performing well in both the protein beverage and powder categories and we expect that to continue. We're also very excited about the innovation the CytoSport team will be delivering in the fourth quarter. The specialty foods segment will not show year-over-year sales and earnings growth due to the sale of the Diamond Crystal Brands business. And finally, we continue to focus our marketing and advertising efforts on brands such as Hormel Pepperoni, Applegate, Hormel Black label bacon, Hormel Natural Choice, SPAM and Jennie-O. These marketing and advertising efforts are supplemented by the great work being done by our direct sales forces in both retail and food service channels. And we are extremely proud to report that just this week Hormel Foods was ranked number one in the 50 best companies to sell-for ranking by Selling Power magazine. This is a huge honor for the company and is further confirmation of the strength of our brands and sales teams. So as a result of a strong third quarter performance, one-time gains from various discrete tax events and continued confidence in our business, we are raising our full year guidance from $1.56 to $1.60 per share to $1.60 to $1.64 per share. And our early look into fiscal 2017 shows us once again growing sales and earnings. We will have more precise guidance for you on our fourth quarter call. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the third quarter.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Net earnings for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 totaled $195.7 million, up 33% compared to $146.9 million last year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.36, also a 33% increase. Sales for the third quarter totaled $2.30 billion, compared to $2.19 billion for the same period last year, a 5% increase. Four of our five segments delivered revenue increases. Specialty foods sales declined due primarily to the sale of Diamond Crystal Brands. Volume for the third quarter was 1.22 billion pounds, up 1% from the same quarter last year. Tonnage was negatively impacted by the Diamond Crystal Brands divestiture. The Jennie-O Turkey Store results for the third quarter included a $9.6 million mark-to-market loss on hedges due to temporary ineffectiveness. Advertising expense for the quarter was $52.6 million, compared to $33.9 million last year, as we continued to invest in our brands across all five segments. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 28.6% versus 35.6% in fiscal 2015. The rate was favorably impacted by $14 million of one-time discrete tax items associated primarily with an international entity restructuring. For the full year, we expect our effective tax rate to be between 32% and 32.5%, including the one-time discrete items from the third quarter. Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 529.7 million, compared to 528.5 million shares last year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 542.2 million shares compared to 541.2 million last year. We repurchased 1.1 million shares of common stock, spending $38.6 million in the third quarter. We have 14.3 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. Long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, the same as last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $66 million, compared to $41.8 million last year. For fiscal 2016, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $250 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $32.6 million compared to $33.3 million last year. We paid our 352nd consecutive quarterly dividend effective August 15, 2016, at the annual rate of $0.58 per share. As a reminder, fiscal 2016 includes an extra week in the fourth quarter. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Savannah?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Akshay Jagdale from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Jody, congratulations. You'll be definitely missed.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Akshay.
Akshay Jagdale: Yes. So, I wanted to ask about refrigerated foods and just the pork operating environment in general. For next year, I know it's hard to pin down what other people's plans are, but regarding your plan for total company growth in EPS next year, what does that assume for capacity utilization rates for the industry? Because that's an important factor next year, right? So that's my first question.
Jody Feragen: So pork operating margins for this year were a bit higher than we had initially expected on our Q2 call, really supported by great supply of hogs, which provided favorable pricing on that environment, and then continued strong demand supporting the cut-out. As far as fiscal 2017, we just started our process. We would expect them to be somewhat similar to fiscal 2016 at this point in time.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And Jeff, on the commentary on the long-term guidance and the change, I mean, I know you've been extremely responsible and have managed the company exceptionally well, so I trust this is the right thing to do. But I'm just trying to make sure that apart from telling us things differently, the management -- you're not changing any incentives, et cetera. There's business as usual there, right? I mean, I think what you are trying to indicate is by providing more and more clarity before, you were trying to help people, but it's starting to maybe hurt the volatility maybe in the shares. But I just want to make sure nothing is changing from a management compensation and sort of how you day-to-day manage the business now, right? Like you've grown earnings consistently over time by improving the margin mix and making good acquisitions. Everything is essentially the same in that regard; you're just changing the way you're going to be communicating with the Street, correct?
Jeff Ettinger: Appreciate the question, Akshay. Really, our company's focus is on meeting the five and 10 goals. We found that providing the individual segment operating margin ranges seem to sometimes distract from these goals. And honestly, we've not proven to be overly accurate in estimating the margins for each segment. Things come up, the Jennie-O AI issue, the DCB divestiture, et cetera, and you're dealing with variables of both sales and earnings for each business unit when you get into a margin like that. I'd point to our performance at Jennie-O Turkey Store this quarter is a good example of why we believe the segment margin percentages may be a less meaningful measure. On an operating percentage basis, you could look at Q3 and say oh, that was a bad quarter for Jennie-O Turkey Store because its operating margins fell, but this would obscure the fact that Jennie-O Turkey Store delivered a $20 million improvement in segment profit for the quarter. Honestly, we're seeking to deliver sales and earnings dollars and not specific percentages.
Jim Snee: And Akshay, this is Jim, if I could piggyback on Jeff's comments. I think we want to be clear that we are still providing segment specific guidance when it comes to their expected contribution to those overall five and 10 goals. I think what we've learned is that some of the discussion around segment margins can be very short-term focused versus our goal of focusing on some of the long-term measures such as these corporate growth goals. And so it will be business as usual, be holding the business units accountable the same way we have in the past. There are no incentive changes, so we will be managing the business in the same way we have.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And just one last one on sort of timing of -- this goal has meant -- the long-term goals are truly meant to be long-term and we understand that. But help me understand -- so you've been outperforming those pretty consistently almost every year, but more so in recent years because of some favorable conditions, if I may. So when might you be expected to potentially underperform those? And specifically referring to -- are you worried about this capacity coming on in the pork -- in pork processing that we hear about? Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Jeff Ettinger: That's a great question, Akshay, and I think it's -- in any given year, top or bottom line numbers can significantly overperform and we've seen that over the last decade, right. We've had years where we've overperformed on one of those variables and underperformed on the other. But, we are focused on the long-term aspect of that. In terms of what's happening in the industry, we've talked frequently about our balanced model. And so, we do believe that for every action, there's a reaction and so as these additional capacity comes online, there's excess supply and things that will happen on the input cost side of the business. And so, we believe that our balanced model will allow us to weather any storm if you will. And I think that's supported by the fact that we've had 27 out of 30 years of earnings growth and this year obviously will be 28 out of 31. So that's our position.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Farha Aslam of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam: Hi. Good morning. Congratulations, Jody.
Jody Feragen: Thanks Farha.
Farha Aslam: My questions focus more on the quarter. There was a lot of M&A acquisitions and divestitures in this current quarter. Would you be able to give us kind of volume or sales regarding the acquisition of Applegate and Justin's and the impact of the divestitures of Diamond Crystal Brands as well as kind of what the impact of the Justin's transaction costs were on the quarter?
Jeff Ettinger: DCB we have provided on an annualized basis that was in the $250 million range and the quarters were relatively consistent. Jody can provide you a little color on the Justin's transaction cost.
Jody Feragen: So we've had -- didn't consider them material to be a call-out specifically for the quarter, but they amounted to between transaction costs and step-up in inventory accounting, they amounted to about $3 million. Grocery products really a lot of their segment margin change was a significant increase in advertising for that segment.
Farha Aslam: And then just on the Applegate and Justin's sales contributions or volume contributions in the quarter?
Jody Feragen: I don't have those offhand, but we guided that Justin's in fiscal 2017 was going to be about $100 million. I'd say we only own -- had them for a part of the -- Applegate is basically we're lapping that now, coming in the fourth quarter, so I don't have those specifics with me.
Farha Aslam: Okay. And then my follow-up is on the $9.6 million mark-to-market in Turkey. Would you be able to elaborate on what caused that? Do we get take back in subsequent quarters? Just more color on that mark-to-market impact.
Jody Feragen: So we're probably one of the few companies that actually uses these special accounting treatment for hedge accounting, which allows you to put the mark-to-market gains or losses in any quarter on your balance sheet and then it's recognized as it flows through cost of goods when the Turkeys come to the plant basically or as the feed is consumed. What happens when you technically become ineffective, which is a regression analysis comparing futures prices to cash markets and because of some anomalies in the cash markets this quarter, you can have them go ineffective and you recognize all the gains and losses in your P&L. So we believe a one-time impact. It's recognizing some losses that would have been recognized through the future, but they're just hitting all in one period, which kind of skews Jennie-O's results. So Nathan's really well acquainted with hedge accounting so if you want a follow-up primer on that he'd be a great one to talk to.
Farha Aslam: Just bottom line, we essentially get that back as you won't have that loss in future quarters.
Jody Feragen: Absolutely, it's a timing.
Farha Aslam: It's just timing. Thank you very much. That's very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Great. Thanks. Good morning everyone and let me add to everyone's congratulation, Jody, on the retirement. Maybe my first question is on the top line and less so about the quarter specifically, but more about getting back on track with that 5% revenue growth target. Were it have been and relative to continue to be in a fairly deflationary protein price environment for at least the next 18 months, which to me would suggest that to get anywhere close to that 5% and maybe it's more like 3% to 4% organic, volumes are going to have to carry a bigger portion of that total mix. Can you talk about the volume trends that you're seeing in the business today because you look at in grocery and refrigerated specifically and there doesn't seem to be a tremendous amount of organic volume growth and maybe I'm interested in kind of your thoughts if you maybe leaned a little bit too hard into the value-added premiumization of some of these categories that's come at the expense of volumes. Thanks.
Jeff Ettinger: I mean our ultimate goal is to sell a higher mix of branded value-added items which kind of absent the switches of market conditions should over time make our net sales be a stronger growth vehicle than volume inherently. There clearly are franchises within the company that are more responsive to markets or bacon pricing or pork pricing or [indiscernible] would be more along those lines. But, most of the grocery portfolio is less that way. Jennie-O Turkey Store has been able to hold their pricing on a stronger basis. We have a lot of franchises that we're really excited about that we think are at least 5% growing franchises, many of which did quite well this quarter and so we kind of talked in past calls that we were a little disappointed with our top line but had felt it was trending in the right direction and indeed Q3 showed an acceleration of that trend and we look at that favorably now heading into next year.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just following up on the margin outlook commentary that you gave earlier. I appreciate with drawing the segment, specific segment margin guidance, but if you're going to get corporate margin expansion either your higher margin businesses are growing faster than the core are you getting aggregate margin expansion across the entirety of the portfolio. Can you talk about which pieces of that kind of split you're most excited about, maybe by business or within the portfolio specifically?
Jim Snee: Sure. Adam, this is Jim. I think on the sales side of the business, we see positive momentum in brands such as Muscle Milk. Certainly Jennie-O and the work that they've done with the ground Turkey business there and getting back on air that make the switch. The addition of the Justin's business, the SKIPPY brand, Wholly Guacamole, Herdez coming out of our MegaMex joint venture. From a food service perspective we're really positive about the work that team's been doing. Our Bacon 1 Fully Cooked Bacon, Natural Choice out of refrigerated foods. So there's a lot of excitement and momentum that we believe will continue in 2017.
Adam Samuelson: All right. Great. That's very helpful. I'll pass it along. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Mario Contreras of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mario Contreras: Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Good morning.
Nathan Annis: Hi, Mario.
Mario Contreras: So I wanted to follow up on the comments around fiscal 2017 guidance. Can you just clarify -- I know maybe it's early, but the assumption of growth, is that off of a reported basis or would that be off of a 52nd week comp? And then on top of that, can you give any color around which specific segments would be more likely to contribute to growth? Thanks.
Jim Snee: So Mario, this is Jim. And it would be on a reported basis as we look into 2017. And we recognize we've had many consecutive quarters of great results and obviously a key concern is whether we really can grow in 2017. So I talked in the last question about the sales side of the business and the positive momentum that we're seeing. Another thing that obviously we believe in and it served us well is our balanced business model. So we've got a favorable outlook on key inputs, such as pork, beef, grains. That really is going to combine with the sales momentum that will allow us to submit a plan to our Board of Directors that will show growth in earnings in 2017. And clearly we'll give you a more precise look and range in November on the call.
Mario Contreras: Thanks. That's helpful. And then, just an additional question on Jenny-O. Can you elaborate a little bit more on the competitive environment there and then focusing on your market share. Are you feeling like you're getting placement on the shelves at an appropriate pace relative to your peers? Thanks.
Jim Snee: As I commented, obviously the supply ramped up throughout the quarter and that's really the best position for the Jennie-O Turkey Store business to be in. And as we look across the business, there was strong food service performance, strong business in the deli area of the business. The retail distribution has continued to be a battle but the team is having success. The trays continue to do very well and we recognize that there is competition in the meat case but this is not unusual. There's been other times in the Jennie-O Turkey Store history where they faced this type of competition and we do believe that we're seeing the growth that we deserve. And we believe that the brand and the product lines continue to be on trend with consumers and over time we'll continue to get expanded distribution and share.
Mario Contreras: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Rob Moskow: Hi. Thanks and congratulations again, Jody. Just some clarity on the fiscal 2016 guidance. The EPS bump of $0.04, my math is that $0.03 comes from the tax rate and maybe a $0.01 comes from operating profit being better than you expected for the year. Is that a fair assessment as to how you're looking at it, or is all of the bump from the tax rate and the tax outlook? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Jody Feragen: No, I would look at the bump from Q3 tax impact as about $0.02 and then we have the negative hedging impact in Jennie-O that partially offsets it by another -- by my math, another $0.01. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter will be similar to what our ongoing rate has been. So getting to a full year effective tax rate with the lower one in the third quarter overall it's not going to be driven by taxes.
Rob Moskow: Right. Okay. So your view is -- well, it still helps the year, though.
Jody Feragen: Yes, it does.
Rob Moskow: But operating profit, it's a guide up on operating profit as well.
Jody Feragen: Absolutely.
Rob Moskow: Okay, good. And then, the follow-up I had was on, I guess Jim's comments about it being a battle in the meat case. I think you said that you were trying to expand your East Coast distribution and capacity in Turkey. Is that what you're really referring to, Jim? And maybe a few more specifics as to how much you've expanded your abilities in the East Coast and what the outlook is?
Jim Snee: Sure. I think our challenge has been clearly we're just ramping up supply. And so we have talked about the geographic expansion that we did have to put on hold last year and early this year. And so that's part of the solution, Rob. I think what we're talking about here is regaining even some of the existing distribution that perhaps we weren't able to supply last year. So it's really a combination of both those things. And there's no doubt that there is competition in the meat case, but I guess I would just reiterate that it's not unusual, we've been there before and for us the bigger issue, the bigger message is that this product line, Jennie-O ground Turkey, is on trend with consumers over the long-term.
Rob Moskow: Is there any way to quantify like what your distribution percentage is today compared to history and help us -- it will help us model out why the growth will continue.
Jim Snee: Sure. Nathan, you want to --
Jeff Ettinger: It also may depend, Rob, this is Jeff, on what products you're talking about. Clearly, we've talked about trade pack quite a bit. It has a certain share position. It has the unique element that it competes not only against other ground Turkey brands, but significantly against ground beef. But there's a lot of other pieces of both the retail and deli component of Jennie-O. They would each have their own set of numbers in that regard.
Rob Moskow: Yes. That's what makes it hard for us to figure out where it's going. So if there's something that we can focus on to help make the case on distribution growth being a driver, tray pack may be -- is tray pack 30% of the story, 40% of the story? Can you help us in that regard?
Jody Feragen: Why don't you take a follow-up with Nathan because I don't have that at our fingertips right here.
Rob Moskow: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning, everyone. Jody, congratulations and well deserved.
Jody Feragen: Thank you.
Ken Zaslow: My first question is just housekeeping. When you talk about growth in 2017, you said sales and EPS. I just want to make sure, you're also talking about operating profit growth and it's not just a tax or corporate expense benefit in 2017. Is that a fair assessment?
Jeff Ettinger: Yes.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. Then my second question really is when I look at the grocery products business, can you talk about how that -- for the current quarter, how that actually matched or -- it underperformed our expectations. I'm trying to figure out how you guys thought about that business in terms of operating profit and what you see is the outlook for that business, given the lower input cost and somewhat surprising kind of compression on the margin side.
Jim Snee: Sure. Ken, this is Jim. Again, from a sales perspective or brand perspective, clearly very pleased with the work the team did on continuing to grow the SPAM franchise. The SKIPPY business, the introduction of SKIPPY pb bites continues to go well. Our Mexican foods portfolio also continues to perform well. As we mentioned, we did have some increased advertising cost but that's -- from our perspective, a positive to support the ongoing and future brand growth. And there's no doubt, we have a couple of areas in the units that are work in process. The chunk meats category, which it's not a huge part of the portfolio, but that's become competitive and our team is working on really taking a different approach with the product offerings that we have there. Again, we talked about Compleats being down and we're working very strategically to expand the availability of some of the value tier offerings and really increasing the sales or unit rates. And so for them it was a mixed bag, but I think we still feel very positive on the outlook for grocery products going forward. I think one other thing to consider for this quarter, it would be more of a product mix issue. Some of the canned items are not typically high sellers at this time of year. But overall, feel very positive about the transformation of the portfolio and where GP's headed.
Jody Feragen: I would just add to Jim's comment that we saw quite a run-up in trim, which is an input on a lot of the grocery products items. So while they experienced favorable cost of goods in a lot of areas that was one area that did negatively impact them.
Ken Zaslow: I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jeremy Scott of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott: Hi. Good morning and congrats, Jody, on the retirement.
Jody Feragen: Thanks.
Jeremy Scott: A couple questions on Applegate. Can you talk about the volume performance for this brand since you've taken over. Have some great penetration in some of the upper scale retail channels that are still growing. Just wondering what the outlook for Applegate here on the volume side and what it's been in the past year.
Jim Snee: Jeremy, good morning. This is Jim. I think just as a reminder, when we took over the Applegate business, clearly we knew that there were some raw material or supply issues in terms of supporting that business. And then, those were compounded with the outbreak of Avian influenza. So in the short-term, the team has worked really hard to get raw material supply back in place and we feel good about where we are today. So that certainly made the volume growth a battle for the team and so we had to regain some lost distribution. But the growth, we've seen some growth, we've seen some increased distribution. From our perspective, we love the brand, we love what the future holds for the brand and again, on a short-term basis it's clearly on target to deliver what we said it would deliver at the time of acquisition.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. Just on the follow-up to a previous question, how do you view -- when you start to lap Applegate in the fourth quarter, where do you see volumes trending? As we look now at a more organic basis for refrigerated foods.
Jeff Ettinger: He is saying all of refrigerated foods.
Jeremy Scott: For all of refrigerated foods.
Jim Snee: I mean I think, again, as we think about the different parts of the refrigerated foods portfolios, our meat products team continues to be focused on the value-added items and they're doing a nice job. Our food service business continues to outperform the industry and we expect that to continue. The Applegate business will continue to show growth that we've got returns of supply. So overall we feel good about that portfolio as well.
Jody Feragen: I would just add that as we transition particularly when you look at Applegate that is a more of a sales driven business than a volume driven, and as we continue to value-add the portfolio, volumes become a little less meaningful as you compare to prior quarters or years that may have had more of a commodity element.
Jeremy Scott: Got it. Can you touch on some of the competitive activity you're seeing at retail and do you plan to ramp up promotional activity as a response in the coming quarters?
Jeff Ettinger: Are you talking about any particular part of the grocery store or our business or -- ?
Jeremy Scott: I would say in some of the higher traffic channels like sausage and frozen breakfast.
Jeff Ettinger: Yes. I think, Jeremy, our position on that is clearly we're focused on the effectiveness and our ability to not only deliver a return for us, but for the retail partner. And so we continue to look at categories individually and where there's opportunity to be effective with additional spending. We certainly will take advantage of that. But can't tell you today that there's a significant specific plan in any one given category.
Jeremy Scott: Got it. And then, last question. In the past you've been able to repurchase shares as the M&A pipeline thinned out a bit. What is your opportunity to scale up buybacks over the coming years and can you walk us through your thought process there and some of the hurdles.
Jody Feragen: So, really we kind of look at our share repurchase as being an opportunity to offset stock option exercises. We still believe that using that as a compensation element is appropriate to drive our business. So we're constrained because of the ownership of the Hormel foundation at about 48% to 49% these days. So we've agreed that they should be under 50%. So that would be the biggest constraint. Obviously, took advantage of some pressure on our stock this past quarter to be in the market and acquire some of those shares.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we have no further questions. I'll turn it back over to Mr. Annis for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeff Ettinger: Thanks, Savannah. This is Jeff Ettinger. I'll go ahead and conclude the call for us. So, as some of you may have heard we actually celebrated our company's 125th anniversary recently here in July. This provided us an unique opportunity to bring many of our company's employees together to celebrate the occasion. After visiting with these employees from across the company I've never been more optimistic about our company's future and our ability to deliver growth. I'm very proud of our team's performance this quarter and I look forward to continued excellent results going forward. I want to thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time and have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-05-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jana Haynes - Director, Investor Relations Jeff Ettinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jim Snee - President and Chief Operating Officer Jody Feragen - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Jeremy Scott - CLSA Eric Larson - Buckingham Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Hormel Foods Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jana Haynes, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jana Haynes: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2016. We released our results this morning before the market opened, around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. In addition, we issued a separate press release announcing the acquisition of Justin’s LLC. If you did not receive a copy of the releases, you can find them on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Snee, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide an overview of the quarter and then Jim will comment on the Justin’s acquisition, our review of the operating results, outlook and guidance for fiscal 2016. Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will open for questions following Jody’s remarks. [Operator Instructions] An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:00 a.m. Central Time today, May 18, 2016. The dial-in number is 800-346-0976 and the access code is 2194984. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Factors that may affect actual results of the acquisition include, but are not limited to, whether and when the required regulatory approvals will be obtained, whether and when the company will be able to realize the expected financial results and accretive effect of the transaction and how customers, competitors and suppliers and employees will react to the transaction. Please refer to Pages 30 through 35 in the company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 24, 2016 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Ettinger: Thank you, Jana and good morning everyone. We are pleased to report record results for our second quarter of fiscal 2016. Earnings in the second quarter were $0.40 per share, up a robust 21% from last year. Sales for the quarter were $2.3 billion, a 1% increase despite lower turkey volumes at Jennie-O Turkey Store and soft export demand in our international segment. We reached an agreement to sell Diamond Crystal Brands in the second quarter and completed the transaction in recent days. This business, which was part of our Specialty Foods segment, represented approximately $260 million of annual sales. While Diamond Crystal Brands performed acceptably, it did not fit our long-term strategic priorities. As a result of the transaction, there was a small goodwill impairment recorded this quarter to reflect the final sales price. Our Specialty Foods Group will retain Hormel Health Labs, a provider of nutritional foods and beverages developed specifically for individuals with special dietary needs, which was previously a part of Diamond Crystal Brands. We continue to ensure a smooth transition for the customers and employees of Diamond Crystal Brands. In addition to our earnings release this morning, we also announced the acquisition of Justin’s LLC, a pioneer in the specialty nut butter category. The acquisition comes with the fast growing Justin’s brand of natural and organic products, a strong management team, access to new customers and several manufacturing agreements. The deal is subject to the customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals in the United States and is expected to close within 60 days. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee who will provide additional details about the Justin’s acquisition and also take you through each segment.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you, Jeff and good morning everyone. Since Justin’s was founded in 2004, the business has experienced tremendous growth. Looking forward, we expect Justin’s to grow at low double-digit rates from a starting point of approximately $100 million in fiscal 2017 net sales. Justin’s will report into the Grocery Products segment. Justin’s enhances our scale in the nut butter category complementing our Skippy brand positioning very nicely. The Justin’s brand gives us a great platform in natural and organic specialty nut butter spreads, the fastest growing portion of the nut butter category. Justin’s also further balances our portfolio of brands towards younger, more health conscious and on-the-go consumers with their pioneering squeeze packs, a portable snack that comes in all seven of Justin’s nut butter flavors. We intend to leverage key Hormel Foods resources and supply chain, finance and R&D while leaving their mission and vision unchanged. We look forward to working with the Justin’s team in Boulder, Colorado and finalizing the acquisition in the coming weeks. I will now take you through each segment. Grocery Products segment profit was up 21% for the quarter. Input cost tailwinds and improved plant efficiencies drove the gains. Sales were up 1% led by Skippy peanut butter, Hormel chili, Wholly Guacamole and our Herdez line of authentic Mexican products. Sales for our chunk meats business and Compleats microwave meals were down this quarter. Our Skippy peanut butter products had a great quarter. Our traditional jarred peanut butter continues to capture share in the marketplace as our sales team gains additional distribution. Our most recent innovation, Skippy P.B. Bites has had many early successes and key measures such as trial and repeat are meeting our internal targets. The company continues to leverage its iconic brands in new and innovative ways. And this past April, we opened the new 14,000 square foot Spam Museum located in downtown Austin, Minnesota. We invite you to come and visit our new family of friendly museum. Refrigerated Foods second quarter operating profit increased 13%, with sales up 7% and volume up 3%. Refrigerated Foods benefited from strong pork operating margins, the addition of the Applegate business and great results from our foodservice business. We saw growth from many of our value-added products, including retail sales of Hormel Natural Choice lunchmeat, Hormel pepperoni and Hormel party trays. Our foodservice value added products experienced solid growth led by brands such as the Austin Blues line of products, Hormel Bacon 1 fully cooked bacon and Hormel Fire Braised meats. When we announced the Applegate acquisition in 2015, one of our top priorities was to tackle the supply constraints we identified during the acquisition. While staying true to Applegate’s mission of changing the meat we eat, we have secured additional supplies and the team is working to gain back distribution that was lost when supplies were pressured. Applegate remains on track to deliver earnings results consistent with our initial guidance for this business. Jennie-O Turkey Store’s second quarter segment profit increased 20%, while sales decreased 4%. Results were impacted by the lingering effects of avian influenza as flocks lost in 2015 created shortfalls in operations and sales. Production volumes have now returned to normalized levels and we remain optimistic that avian influenza is behind us. However, the team continues to be diligent and heightened biosecurity remains a top focus. We remain focused on gaining back distribution that was curtailed during the outbreak, but we did enjoy growth this quarter in our Jennie-O lean ground turkey, retail bacon and Oven Ready product lines. Our Specialty Foods segment reported an operating profit increase of 74%. The increase was aided in part by a favorable comparison to expenses last year related to the closure of the CytoSport production facility. Operational synergies captured in the current year within the CytoSport and Century Foods supply chain also contributed to the increase. Muscle Milk sports nutrition products posted excellent results in addition to launching many new innovative items, such as Muscle Milk protein smoothies. The gains made by our CytoSport team were offset by lower contract packaging sales, resulting in a 5% decrease in sales this quarter. International’s operating profit decreased 33% and sales declined 17%. Weak exports of our Spam and Skippy family of products in addition to soft pork export markets contributed to the declines. Our China meat business had a difficult comparison to last year in addition to pressures from higher pork raw material costs. Our Skippy business in Mainland China experienced nice growth this quarter. We expect input cost tailwinds to continue for Refrigerated Foods and Grocery Products. We look for these segments to continue driving year-over-year gains in sales and operating profits through increases in our value-added products. Jennie-O Turkey Store production is now at normalized levels and we are positioned to deliver growth in the back half of the year provided there are no significant reoccurrences of avian influenza. The team is investing in their fourth Make The Switch advertising campaign, highlighting turkey as an alternative to beef. Lower grain input costs should continue to be a tailwind in the second half of the year. The Specialty Foods segment may show year-over-year sales and earnings declines due to the sale of the Diamond Crystal Brands business. Positive sales trends in the Muscle Milk brand and incremental sales from new innovative Muscle Milk products will offset some of the sales declines. With the sale of Diamond Crystal Brands and to reflect the enhanced margin profile of CytoSport, we are increasing our segment margin guidance for Specialty Foods to 11% to 14%, up from the previously guided 8% to 11%. We look for the international segment to return to growth in the second half through increased export sales of our Spam luncheon meat and Skippy peanut butter products, along with gradual improvement in our China retail meats business. We continue to reinvest into our businesses through increased advertising and marketing support for brands such as Hormel pepperoni, our Spam family of products, Skippy peanut butter, Muscle Milk protein products and Jennie-O Turkey. As a result of the strong second quarter and continued confidence in our position heading into the back half of the year, we are raising our full year guidance from $1.50 to $1.56 per share to $1.56 to $1.60 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the second quarter.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Net earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2016 totaled $215.4 million, up 20% over last year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.40, a 21% increase. Sales for the second quarter totaled $2.3 billion compared to $2.28 billion for the same period last year, a 1% increase. Turkey supply shortages and lower exports pressured sales during the quarter. Volume for the second quarter was 1.28 billion pounds, down less than 1% from the same quarter last year. As Jeff and Jim mentioned, we have reached an agreement to acquire Justin’s LLC. The purchase price is $286 million. The transaction is structured to provide an ongoing cash flow benefit resulting from the tax amortization of the stepped up basis of assets. The net present value of this tax cash flow benefit is estimated to be about $70 million. We expect fiscal 2016 to include about four months of results from Justin’s, with a slightly negative impact to earnings after factoring in the expected transaction costs and fair value adjustments. We estimate accretion associated with the deal to be approximately $0.01 for fiscal 2017. We expect to gain supply chain synergies that will be implemented over the next several years. We plan to finance this transaction with cash on hand and the short-term draws from our credit facility. Following the close, we will remain in a strong financial position to fund any other capital needs. Advertising expense for the quarter was $48.8 million compared to $39.5 million last year as we continue to build on our brand investment. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 33.6% versus 34.6% in fiscal 2015. For the full year, we expect our effective tax rate to be between 33.5% and 34%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 529.9 million compared to 528.1 million last year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 543.8 million shares compared to 540.9 million last year. We repurchased 160,000 shares of common stock spending $6.4 million in the second quarter. We have 15.4 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. Long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, the same as last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $66.4 million compared to $27.3 million last year. For fiscal 2016, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $250 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $32.1 million compared to $33 million last year. As Jim mentioned earlier, we raised our fiscal 2016 earnings guidance range to $1.56 to $1.60 per share. This guidance includes the sale of our Diamond Crystal business and the acquisition of Justin’s LLC. As a reminder, fiscal 2016 includes an extra week in the fourth quarter. We paid our 351st consecutive quarterly dividend effective May 16, 2016 at the annual rate of $0.58 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe first, I was hoping to get a little bit more color on volume trends in Refrigerated I think you reported 3% volume growth. Do you have the organic number if you strip that Applegate? I would guess it will actually be slightly negative, which would be a little bit of a deceleration versus last quarter and hoping to really understand kind of some of the mix there for where you are seeing the gains foodservice versus retail on some of the categories?
Jeff Ettinger: I think your overall – this is Jeff, Adam, your overall math would be correct. It would have been slightly down absent the Applegate added sales. In terms of the differential between parts of the business, I mean we did talk about the foodservice had a really very strong quarter. So clearly, we are a little bit off on some of the retail brands, but it was a mixed bag. They had some nice success with some of their items, such as Natural Choice and party trays and pepperoni, but they did have a couple of the franchises that were down somewhat.
Adam Samuelson: And as you look ahead, any visibility to an improving retail cadence going into the summer? And maybe a little bit more color, Jeff and team on the margin mix implications of that stronger foodservice growth if that’s actually benefiting the margins meaningfully at this point? Thanks.
Jeff Ettinger: Yes. I mean, I think not just for Refrigerated, frankly, we are looking at a more favorable environment for net sales growth for multiple segments next quarter. This quarter was still not quite where we would like it to have been, but it was not at the level of declines that the last two or three quarters had been. So, we are seeing the sequential improvement. And our outlook heading into the second half, for example, you’ve got Jennie-O now with full volumes, so that will be a much more favorable picture. In terms of margins, who we have talked before about the foodservice is a solid contributor to overall refrigerated foods returns. The greater volatility piece more recently have been the processing margins were still quite strong this quarter although a little bit less than Q1.
Operator: We will take our next question from Farha Aslam from Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, Farha.
Farha Aslam: First question is on turkey, as your volume comes back how should we think about margins in that business and margins going into next year and longer term for turkey?
Jim Snee: Yes, hi, Farha. Good morning. This is Jim. As we look into the future with our more normalized levels of production, obviously, the team is working hard to regain the distribution that was lost while supply was gone. And clearly, they were able to take advantage of some higher margins during that time. But as we look to the future, we would expect through – because of a couple of reasons. I mean, because of market conditions, but then also now that we are going to be able or have to sell all of the parts and not be able to take advantage of specific mix opportunities that our margins will return to the more normalized ranges, the guidance that we have provided. And I think we will start to see that in the back half of this year and into next year.
Farha Aslam: And then also your margin outlook for your Refrigerated Foods division longer term, do you anticipate the increased processing capacity that’s coming on in the U.S. hog and pork processing sector to impact margins for Hormel and how do you plan to kind of work around that?
Jeff Ettinger: Farha, this is Jeff. I mean, that will be clearly one of the pieces we assess when we create our business plan for 2017. We are sticking with our margin guidance that we have provided for each of the segments at the beginning of the year with the one exception being obviously we did update the Specialty Foods segment as we said we would once we had visibility of the Diamond Crystal transaction being completed, but we recognized that at this point a number of our segments are performing quite strongly against the guidance ranges we have provided. And when we have a more clear outlook for 2017 and beyond we would provide an update to that.
Operator: And we will go next to Akshay Jagdale from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, Akshay.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi. First question is on Refrigerated Foods, so the pork operating margins that everybody tracks in May were even lower than what you saw in the second quarter. Is that – can you help us – I know it’s difficult to look at those numbers and translate them to yours, but just generally speaking, what have you factored in into your guidance for the back half as far as pork operating margins go? Should they be similar to what we are seeing in the month of May, is that what’s factored in or how should we think about that?
Jody Feragen: Sure. I will take that one, Akshay. Yes, you are right, pork operating margins for May have been down about 40% from the averages in April and that’s probably a little bit faster decline than we originally anticipated. But as we have stated on our first quarter call, we really do expect pork operating margins to be higher for the full year because of the strong start we have had in the first half, but moderating in the back half. So predicting exactly where that’s going to go is not an easy task as you know.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit more about Justin’s, the sales number you quoted is much higher than what we see in the measured channels. So clearly, they seem to have a big presence in the non-measured channel. Can you give us a sense of the channel mix? And maybe more importantly talk about why sort of buy this brand when you already have a good brand equity in the whole nut butter category? Why couldn’t you take that and extend it into some other categories that Justin’s is in, for example? Thanks. I will pass it on.
Jeff Ettinger: Yes, thanks, Akshay. This is Jeff and I will start with the question related to the sales number and then Jim is going to talk to the strategy piece. What we described for our anticipated sales for next year, for our full fiscal year, was in the $100 million range, but that’s for next year and the brand is growing at a nice clip. They clearly do have sales outside of the reported channels. I don’t have a precise quantification for you at this time in terms of the percentages. But clearly, that captures a good portion of them was been in the reported sales, but we should enjoy the growth next year.
Jim Snee: And then Akshay, in terms of the strategy of the brand, we have had a lot of success since the acquisition of the Skippy brand. We have been able to obviously gain share, drive innovation, but also a lot of the research that we have done around the brand tells us that it’s not extendable into the space where Justin plays today. And so Justin’s affords us that opportunity to really be more complementary to the Skippy brand in a category that’s a rapidly growing category. We know that it attracts a younger, more health conscious on-the-go millennial consumer. And the growth that the business has seen over the last several years, clearly, we are earlier on the growth curve than we have been with some other acquisitions, which we are quite frankly excited about.
Operator: And we will go next to Heather Jones from BB&T Capital. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. On Jennie-O, you guys are adding capacity there this year. Is that correct?
Jeff Ettinger: So, we have the favorable announced capital addition last year that was going to enable us to have more ground turkey capabilities. We suspended that last year when the avian influenza outbreak occurred and now we haven’t turned that back on. So, it’s not head capacity change, but it does enable us to support what’s been a really nice growing franchise for us, the lean ground products.
Heather Jones: So, could you help us understand how much that could – how much that new value added capacity could add to your growth rate? And thinking about 2017, you are comparing against an extra week. However, you will have a full year of – well, assuming AI doesn’t recur, you have a full year of normalized volume. So, just wondering how we should think about ‘17 volume growth for Jennie-O?
Jeff Ettinger: Heather, we really don’t have any 2017 projections on either the top or bottom line at this point. But I would point out and we have talked in past presentations that, that ground turkey line is not a flash in the pan. I mean, that’s been a long-term strong superior CAGR deliverer vehicle for us. That was why we went ahead and made the investment in the capital. And we are comfortable that now that we can guarantee supply on a broad basis. And frankly, the Make The Switch campaign that Jim mentioned in his remarks, I mean, that’s the product line that’s featuring. So how easy that is to use in tacos and in burgers for consumers. And so we do think that will be part of the growth story for Jennie-O, but we won’t be able to give you a quantification of that until we have talked 2017 in November.
Operator: And we will go next to Mario Contreras from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mario Contreras: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask first in international, if you can just give a little bit of detail around what drove the challenges in brands like Skippy and Spam? And then what gives you confidence if those will recover in the second half year?
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning, Mario. This is Jim. The biggest issue that we faced is we finally have felt the impact of the strong dollar in some of our export markets. It’s not something that we have talked about in previous calls. But that really did impact both Skippy and Spam. There have been other supply issues that impacted our fresh pork business in terms of EU pork now flooding the Asian markets. So, it’s really been a combination of things. But obviously, we have seen moderation in the strength of the dollar. We feel like we are positioned in terms of our branding, our advertising, our pricing that the second half will shape up to be a much better half on a comparable basis versus 2015.
Mario Contreras: Okay, thanks. And then one other question, with respect to Justin’s, do they own any of their own manufacturing facilities? And then beyond that, can you just give a little bit of additional detail around where you see potential synergies coming from there?
Jim Snee: Sure. They have actually done a great job of building the brand and building the business since 2004 with a network of coal manufacturers. And our team is very comfortable with that approach. And as we think about where synergies will come from having already worked with them on due diligence, we believe supply chain, finance, R&D, there is a number of opportunities to gain synergies and really leverage the capabilities of our organization. And as I mentioned in my comments, we do plan to still run the business out of Boulder, Colorado.
Operator: We will go next to Jeremy Scott from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi.
Jeremy Scott: Can you refresh us on your current mix of value-added versus commodity within Refrigerated Foods?
Jeff Ettinger: I mean, it’s in the 70% range. Frankly, it’s probably – it’s been in that range for a while. I think the bigger effort in recent years has been moving products even further up the value ladder. So, there is raw bacon, there is flavored bacon, there is microwavable bacon, now we have Bacon 1 for our foodservice group. And each case provide an added element of convenience or unique flavors that also enable us to obtain a better margin return for our efforts in creating those products.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. And just on the resilience within the Refrigerated Foods business has been exceptional. I was hoping you could share how you expect given where processing margins have come down, how do you expect the back half to trend relative to the front half?
Jeff Ettinger: I mean, the back half will – should trend a little bit lower than what the first half was on an operating margin basis, but still very strong versus historical averages for the group.
Operator: We will take our next question from Eric Larson from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Yes, good morning everyone.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, Eric.
Eric Larson: Just a couple of questions, back – one back on Jennie-O, Jeff and Jim, the – it’s kind of related to Heather’s question and adding some capacity to some of your individual product lines at Jennie-O, i.e., the grown turkey product lines, etcetera. Will you move into a net of buying position for your raw materials for that division eventually? Is that part of your strategy? And does that make sense to be diversified in that front rather than adding headcount? And then as kind of a follow-on, Jeff and I think we have talked a little about this maybe about a year ago, obviously, with that – with your operations so concentrated right in this upper Midwest area, when you had the flu impact, it obviously had a bigger impact on you as opposed to having more diversified potential operations in other parts of the country. Strategically, does it make sense to diversify your sourcing and maybe part of this is with more third-party sourcing to supply your Specialty Products?
Jeff Ettinger: So, on your first question, I mean, realistically, we were probably a couple of years away from having to address adequate meat supplies before the AI hit. And of course, that’s put us in a completely different mode for the past year and the team has done just a great job of surviving through that and positioning the brand well. So, that will come again in the future, where at some point we would have to assess, okay, do we engage in a more expanded program of buying in meat or do we look for further capacity capabilities of our own? And we will cross that bridge as that heads forward. On your second question, I mean, we did make an assessment of that. At this point, we have chosen to redouble our efforts within the region that we do operate to make sure that we are kind of on the front lines of understanding how disease issues like that might spread and what you can do to combat them. Ultimately, we feel we have a really nice position being within a 4-hour concentric circle of our operating plants and our production lines that allows for the maximum freshness of product. In general, absent last year’s AI outbreak, this is a very favorable grain market with positive basis situation in most cases. And so overall, we like our position of being where we are. But clearly, if we were starting to have repeated incidents, we might have to reassess that at some point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. Couple of questions. First one is you said pork processing margins down 40%. On my tracking they are still up versus historical levels though and I think versus year ago, if you factor in like overhead or shipping costs being down, transportation costs are lower, that’s also a benefit we have a service that does that for us, I want to know if you are seeing a similar thing? And then secondly on turkey, I continue to underestimate the profitability of turkey during AI and I just was hoping to get just a little more color on, once you get your volume back, do you think you go back to kind of a normal margin environment? Can it be a well above normal margin environment as a result of maybe some continued tight supplies out there? It’s just a little hard to figure out what it’s going to look like maybe you are having the same challenge when you get back to normal?
Jody Feragen: Okay. I think I may have misled you by saying this down 40%. That was just the average so far in May versus the average in April. So, that was a sequential. You are absolutely right, we do expect pork operating margins to be above last year’s in the back half of the year and somewhat higher than the historical averages.
Robert Moskow: Right.
Jim Snee: And then Rob on your second – to your second question, I mean, our expectation is, as the production level returns to normal at Jennie-O Turkey Store that these margins will fall in line with our normalized margin range. And it is – it’s a combination of now that supply is back, we have seen some break in markets that we were able to capitalize on. And then clearly, the mix where we were perhaps being opportunistic in some of our buys, now we are going to have the supply of the birds and it’s going to be our responsibility to make sure that we are clearing all of that volume, which changes the margin structure of the business slightly. So, we really do expect that it will be more normalized range as we head into the future.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Jeremy Scott from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott: Hi, thanks for taking the follow-up. I was wondering if you could try again on Applegate, if you can share the run-rate of that business and if there has been any success in moving some of that into foodservice?
Jeff Ettinger: This is Jeff. What we mentioned was that the business is performing consistently with the kind of earnings guidance projection that we provided on the business early on. We are looking forward to having that additional supply available and being able to start seeing the sales successes and the team placing items then that utilize that supply. But overall, I mean, the Applegate brand still is connecting very well with the consumer that we are seeking to partner with, with that kind of a brand and we are very pleased with where Applegate sits today.
Jim Snee: And as we think about opportunities in the future for foodservice, I mean, clearly, we are working on making sure that we regain the space with the retail business first. And then as supply opportunities present themselves over time, certainly, foodservice would be an opportunity.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up question from Akshay Jagdale. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you. So, just following up on Jennie-O Turkey, just a modeling question, so how should we be thinking of the volume growth for the back half? I mean, there was some pretty massive declines last year, right, strong double-digits. So, should we be expecting double-digit increases in volume in the back half as we are lapping those? Can you help us with that?
Jeff Ettinger: Yes. I mean, I don’t have the precise volume for you, but definitely, when it comes to on a net sales basis, it will be solidly double-digit for both of the upcoming quarters.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And in terms of guidance, can you remind us how much the divested business was contributing to EBIT? So, how much of your guidance change includes negative impact on EBIT from the business that you are selling? And do you have any sense as to what Justin’s might be accretive or dilutive in a full fiscal year?
Jody Feragen: So Akshay, as a reminder, our annualized sales for the divested portion of Diamond Crystal Brands was estimated around $260 million. And we have never given guidance for subdivisions of our segments. But I think the comment that our $1.56 to $1.60 outlook for the full year includes not having the benefit of Diamond Crystal in the back half of the year as well as a slightly negative impact from Justin’s and that’s mostly driven because we will have transaction costs that we recognize currently as well as an estimated step up in some fair value of the inventory. So, the $1.56 to $1.60 is all-in.
Jeff Ettinger: And then on Justin’s we did provide that for our first full year operating the business, we are looking at $0.01 a share. And clearly, the business with the double-digit growth expectations and what we think is going to be an ability to attain synergies that we think we will be able to move up from there over time.
Operator: We will take our next question from Robert Moskow. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: We got a lot of time. So, I am following up. I think you said there is a $70 million tax credit for Justin’s. How is that factored into your accretion guidance and how quickly can you realize the benefits from that? And then the second question, Jeff, I think you mentioned some declines on certain products within the Refrigerated Foods segment, can you elaborate on which products those are and maybe the circumstances, are you seeing competitors discounting or is it just some products just need to be revived a bit?
Jody Feragen: So I will take the tax benefit. That’s just a reflection of the purchase price. It has no P&L impact going forward. So, we will get the benefit from a tax perspective, but it will not impact us on the P&L. But if you think about what we paid for the business, I would look at it as the $276 million – $286 million less the $70 million tax shield to get to kind of the price though, but no P&L impact and that’s a cash flow that’s generated over the next 10 to 15 years.
Jim Snee: And then Rob, on the volume question, couple of the categories that were impacted we have got some what we would consider to be more commodity deli business that is more of an intentional decline, if you will and we are okay with that. The second category that has become very competitive is the bacon category. And over the last several years, our team has done a great job really driving our share, really developing our brand. And most recently, we are facing some competitive activity. And so we did see some short-term declines, but we remain very confident in the category and our ability to continue to drive our share and brand over time.
Jody Feragen: I would d like to follow-up on a response we gave earlier too about the volumes in Refrigerated Foods. Without Applegate, they were slightly positive. So, tonnage was up for the quarter in Refrigerated, under 1%, but up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It looks like we do have another follow-up from Akshay Jagdale. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale: Sorry, just one last one. This is for Jody. Can you talk a little bit about the free cash flow? It looks like working capital has been a little bit of a drag and so has the sort of other line. I am guessing that has to do with the acquisitions, but can you – because it’s a deflationary commodity environment, so you would expect maybe working capital to be in a source of cash. But can you just help us give us a little bit more color on what might be going on there?
Jody Feragen: So, we have had some – and I think you said free cash flow, so that includes stepped up capital expenditure base as well as we bring turkeys back into the barn. Remember, those animals are gone inventory the minute they are in egg, so those will be the two biggest drivers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And currently, there are no further questions in the queue.
Jody Feragen: So, thanks everyone for participating on the call today. And this is Jana Haynes last call as Director of Investor Relations. And we would like to thank her for her leadership of the Investor Relations function and wish her well in her new position as Vice President and Controller. And at the same time, we welcome Nathan Annis as the new Director of Investor Relations and look forward to working with him. Have a great day.
Operator: And this does conclude your teleconference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at anytime.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, CAGNY Co-Chair  Jeff Ettinger - Chairman and CEO Jody Feragen - CFO Jim Snee - President and COO Jana Haynes - Director, IR
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse-North America Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank
Jon Feeney: Good morning everyone. Once again, I’m Jon Feeney, CAGNY Conference Co-Chair. And once again, I have the pleasure of introducing Jeff Ettinger, Chairman and CEO, Hormel Foods. But first, I’d like to take this opportunity to thank Hormel for hosting lunch today, featuring many of their leading branded retail and foodservice items, that’ll be immediately after this presentation. Hormel was nice enough to move up their strong earnings release this morning for this presentation, which you probably saw this morning, just like they’ve been nice enough to lead the industry in returns for the past 15 years and to grow dividends every year for the past 50. For 125 years, they’ve been the protein Company everyone else would like to be. And through the recent acquisitions like Skippy and Muscle Milk, they’re very quickly becoming the food and CPG company everyone would like to be. Today, their CFO, Jody Feragen will cover the highlights of their earnings in lieu of an earnings call first, while both Jeff and recently named President and COO, Jim Snee will follow up and focus on their long-term strategic efforts, of course followed by your questions. So, Jody, welcome. Thank you, and take it away.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Jon for that introduction. Before we get started this morning, I need to remind you that certain statements will be forward-looking and they are based on current conditions. And I would refer you to the risk factors in our 2015 annual report. Additionally, 2015 results are non-GAAP numbers that exclude certain adjustments and those too are detailed in the annual report and also in the back of the presentation deck that you received when you walked in today. As Jon said, we did wait to deliver our record quarter for this morning, $0.43 per share, our 11th consecutive quarter of record earnings. And we were pleased that four of our five business segment contributed to the growth. Now, sales were down 4% due to lower pork markets as well as the turkey harvest supply issues that we’ll talk about later. You’ll note that the earnings per share and all the earnings per share numbers in the presentation have been adjusted for the two-for-one stock split that our shareholders approved on January 26th and became effective on February 9th. So, taking a look at the segments, Grocery Products segment operating profit was up 26%, really benefitting from improved operational and supply chain efficiencies. In the first quarter of 2015, we rationalized our plant in Stockton, California and moved that production into other facilities. So, they’re seeing a nice benefit from that and they’re also winning with favorable raw material costs. Sales were down 4%, as we saw some softness in the canned meats area but we were really pleased with the results of our HORMEL bacon toppings, our CHI-CHI foods products and our Wholly Guacamole items. Refrigerated Foods had an outstanding quarter, segment profit up 65%. And really, it was great improvement -- a great performance across all our value-added businesses as well as strong pork operating margins. This segment also benefitted from the inclusion of the Applegate Farm operations. That was the business we acquired in July of 2015 and it continues to perform as we expected. I think you’ll hear a little bit more about that later in the presentation today. Sales were up 2% on a 5% volume increase as the higher sales were offset by those lower pork prices. We did see nice gains in our HORMEL refrigerated entrees, our HORMEL party trays in the retail side as well as OLD SMOKEHOUSE bacon and FIRE BRAISED meats from the foodservice side. Jennie-O Turkey Store operating profit was down 2% for the quarter, really still recovering from the impact of highly pathogenic avian influenza that hit our farms in Wisconsin and Minnesota midway through 2015 last year. We are seeing improved performance and we would expect that by the end of our second quarter, they should be back at normalized operations, providing we see no further widespread outbreaks of AI. And then they’ll also benefit from lower feed costs as grain prices have been lower. Sales were down 15%; volume down 23% and really that was just a supply issue, as we are vertically integrated in the turkey side of the business. Specialty Foods operating profit was up 44% on the 10% decline in sales. They too benefitted from favorable input costs and also some supply chain efficiencies, as we look to rationalize the MUSCLE MILK production into some of our existing facilities. We were pleased with the growth of our MUSCLE MILK products, particularly the ready-to-drink items. But, we did see decreased sales of some contract packaging sports nutritional items that were at a low margin basis. International saw 1% increase in operating profit on a 7% decline in sales. We were very pleased with the strong SKIPPY sales, both on an export basis as well as SKIPPY sales within our China operation, but they couldn’t offset softer pork exports as we continue to battle challenging market conditions. Our China results were lower year-over-year. First quarter 2015, we were able to import SPAM and sell that in the domestic marketplace in China, that’s no longer an option, so they are up against those difficult comparisons. But, we are fully looking forward to our plants that we are building in China to provide us the opportunity to sell SPAM to that marketplace. Some other financial metrics that we traditionally go over on our call, advertising spend was $48.1 million, up nicely from last year; we would expect full year to be up low double-digits area. Our effective tax rate was 33.6% and we’re expecting approximately 33.5% to 34% for the full year. Depreciation and amortization was slightly under $32 million while our capital expenditures were $33.5 million. As a reminder, we guided at the end of our fourth quarter that we were expecting approximately $250 million in CapEx, and you’ll hear about some of the projects later in the presentation. From a market outlook perspective, we are expecting hog production to be up about 2%. And while we benefitted from historically high favorable pork operating margins in the first quarter, we would expect those to moderate as the year goes on. Turkey production, assuming no widespread outbreaks of avian influenza, expected to be up 5% to 6%. And as that production increases, we should see prices moderate in the back half. Grains will be favorable year-over-year versus 2015. And as a reminder, we traditionally looked to hedge between 25% and 75% of our needs on a two-year forward looking. We have a very strong balance sheet. The $185 million of short-term debt that was on the balance sheet at the end of our fourth quarter related to the Applegate transaction was repaid. And we now have $250 million of long-term debt on our balance sheet which we really believe gives us the opportunity to continue to look at all types of investments. And I believe we could have $3 billion of additional debt on our balance sheet and still remain investment grade. Our excellent earnings results coupled with our disciplined capital model has allowed us to generate cash flows over the last five years of 21% growth rates. And if you look at the trailing 12 months ended in the first quarter, we’re up over 65%, so, certainly generating the nice cash flow. And our priorities have remained the same, pretty consistent year-over-year. We look to invest in our businesses as well as to return to our shareholders. We’ve invested about $2.8 billion in growing our business, some of that organic being capital investment. We’ll talk about adding capacity to meet some of the demand for our value added products, and then about $2.1 billion in strategic acquisitions. The way we look at these investments is the same regardless if I’m adding internal capacity or looking at a strategic acquisition, we build the base case business model, we use a long-term cost of capital and we do a discounted cash flow, and we believe that that allows us to make the best decisions for our shareholders. Speaking of shareholders, we believe in returning to our shareholders our excess cash flow. Our share repurchase is a little more opportunistic given our ownership structure, but we certainly are pleased with our dividend results. And as Jon referenced, 50 consecutive years of dividend increases. Our Board of Directors approved a 16% increase for 2016 and our average growth rate over the near term has been about 18%, in excess of the excellent bottom-line that we’ve been able to deliver, as we try to get a payout ratio and the dividend yield closer to our Pepperidge [ph] food peers. So, excellent earnings results; disciplined capital allows us to put up a return on invested capital that’s in the top quartile of our peer group. And with that I’m going to turn it over to Jeff Ettinger.
Jeff Ettinger: It’s our pleasure to be with you this morning to be able to share what was an outstanding quarter for Hormel Foods, and to be back at CAGNY after a few year hiatus and what you know what we’ve been up to and what our priorities are going forward in terms of our brands and our team. As Jon was nice enough to mention, we’re also hosting the lunch. So, we don’t have a formal Q&A session after this but we’ll all be available including others of our team during the lunch to take any additional questions you might have. One of the questions you could ask anybody in there is what does 5 and 10 mean to Hormel Foods. 5 and 10 have been our consistent goals within our corporation for the past 10 years, what we strive to achieve 5% revenue growth each year and 10% earnings or operating income growth. These are among the most aggressive goals within the food industry and even in our past presentations here at CAGNY that Jody and I have done, you should have consistently seen that these were our goals at those sessions as well. Importantly, we’ve really done a nice job at achieving those aggressive goals. Our track record over the past five years on the topline is indeed at that 5% rate. We’re now a $9.3 billion Company. And in area of earnings, we’ve actually been able to exceed our 10% goal with the 12% CAGR capping out last year. What I want to share with you is kind of how we’ve done that and a little bit of our thinking behind some of the decisions we’ve made that have led to these types of results. We’ve grown our Company on a topline basis and certainly significant profit contributions in three ways: Through M&A; through new product innovation; and by continuing to expand our traditional product portfolio. In the area of M&A, we certainly had an active decade during the 2000s with a number of deals, somewhat smaller deals ranging from about $15 million to $200 million in deal value, over a broad spectrum of products. This array of deals enabled us to gain confidence in our ability to integrate and to look for new prospects but as we headed into the most recent timeframe, we kind of did make a couple of changes in our mentality toward acquisitions. We look for somewhat larger deal as our Company’s getting bigger and in order to move the needle, we recognized we needed to look at bigger opportunities. And so, four out the five largest deals in the Company’s history have come in the past four years. Wholly Guacamole at a total deal value of north of $200 million counting, an earn-out off, Skippy which we completed in 2013, a $700 million deal, Muscle Milk in 2014 was a $450 million deal and then most recently Applegate at $775 million. In addition to the deals being larger, we also looked critically at our portfolio and said, you know, I mean our core portfolio, we love a lot of the items that have been with us a long time and we’re continuing to grow those items but honestly, it was a very American dominated portfolio with a lot of kind of traditional American food type items. Neither SPAM nor bacon items are probably going to be accused of being health oriented items any time soon and we recognized the consumers are more and more on the go, and our portfolio is really dominated by kind of sit down meal type items. So, all four of these acquisitions, and Jim’s going to give you more detail on these, really are aimed at making our portfolio more global, more multicultural to add that element of health and holistic attributes and to provide on the go solution. Another decision you have to make when you acquire something is, how are you going to run this operation? We’re still headquartered in Austin, Minnesota, a small town, two hours south of Minneapolis and indeed for some of these properties, particularly businesses or brands that we buy from another company or corporation, we tend to fold those and run those in-house. And so that was true of the domestic Skippy business, it was true of the Lloyd’s barbecue line, it was true of the Country Crock Side Dishes who are now named Hormel Side Dishes. For some of these recent deals however, we have looked at those deals and said look, to really optimize the consumer connection and the uniqueness of some of these opportunities provide, we may need to look at running them a little bit differently. We still try to find ways to harmonize and gain synergies on a back room basis in every chance we get. But in terms of that direct to consumer connection point, for example Skippy in China, it came at the plant in China from which we sell to most of Asia, and so they are Chinese team that have been in place for over 15 years, that’s taken on that business. Muscle Milk had a strong presence in Northern California, was kind of a young vibrant market and we wanted to maintain that, so we’ve left that team there supplementing with a few folks in the Hormel organization. MegaMex into which we put the Wholly Guacamole acquisition is a joint venture. Our partners are two companies from Mexico, Grupo Herdez and Grupo KUO. And so on a combined basis, we run that entity from Southern California, which certainly is a hot market for understanding the Mexican food experience. And then very recently with Applegate, this team and this business really had both a unique supply chain of organic and antibiotic free natural products and also very strong consumer connection to -- and unique set of folks that we wanted to make sure we preserve that connection. So in order to go with the theme of kind of providing you with a little bit of a behind the scenes mentality of what we’ve been seeking to do, I want to share with you now a video that kind of depicts what the Applegate experience is all about from the mouths of their team members.  [Audio/Video Presentation] New product innovation is also a key element of our growth story at Hormel Foods. Indeed, our founder George Hormel founded the Company on the principle of innovate, don’t imitate. We’ve had a number of notable successes over the years including our party trays franchise, NATURAL CHOICE, our Bacon 1 items for the foodservice trade. Within the retail world, we recently were recognized as an IRI Pacesetter for three of our items. This is a tracking of the last 52 weeks sales via the IRI organization of the best selling new products in the United States. And so, we were pleased that our MUSCLE MILK Pro Series, our REV snack wraps and our Wholly Guacamole minis all made this list. In the nature, [ph] the editors from Progressive Grocer magazine bring in products from all over the country and have their editors try these items and see what they are excited by. And we were excited to see that we had eight items from our overall organization, ranging from Farmer John to Jennie-O Turkey Store, to our meat products group to our grocery products group that made this list. The third area of growth I mentioned in top of M&A and innovation is continuing to emphasize the growth of our core items. More often when we’re talking to the press, we’re kind of known as Hormel ‘maker of SPAM’ still, so that’s a long term core item we’ve had. And I’m going to share [ph] a secret, SPAM is still growing it. It’s growing at 3% GAGR over the last five years in the U.S. and a 7% CAGR outside of the U.S. But in addition to SPAM, we own a number of other items within the portfolio that we’ve been able to create really nice household penetration growth, ranging from our flavor bacon portfolio to HERDEZ authentic Mexican sauces to Jennie-O Turkey Store lean ground tray pack and chubs [ph] items to our Hormel pepperoni items. And the story is a little bit different for each of them in terms of what’s driven that growth. For the flavor bacons, these were items that frankly we borrowed from our foodservice team. We came up with these innovative flavors for the restaurant trade and they were so popular there that we created retail versions of the items. For HERDEZ it’s been geographic and consumer expansion, as authentic Mexican food is going into more and more cities in the U.S. and is seen as an authentic eating experience by more and more consumer who are working for that kind of local item. For Jennie-O Turkey Store, it’s been the advertising, the Make the Switch campaign that has enhanced awareness of overall Jennie-O and has enabled us to ride the wave the consumers looking for more health oriented items. And even pepperoni minis that have been around for a 100 years, we’ve been able to grow households recently. And in that case, I think recipes have driven a lot of it, as we’ve encouraged consumers to put pepperoni pieces and slices on many more items.  I mentioned to you that this growth of our overall company, the top-line where all the items I just mentioned and that some of the bottom-line has come from the enhancement of these portfolio items but clearly some of that 12% CAGR on the bottom-line has come from cost efficiency gains. We don’t tend to have kind of active projects going on; we try to really watch this on a continual basis. Another one of the founding principles of George Hormel was continuous improvement, always seeking to find a way to do the job a little bit better day-in and day-out. One of the ways this manifests itself is through our best of the best projects. We encourage our teams from throughout the corporation to have projects during the course of the year to offset inflation and maybe even be able to provide enhanced bottom-line returns as well. We had over 1,500 such projects during the past year. And these projects drive cost control; they allow us to better utilize our raw materials; they can create yield improvements; and they can allow us to better utilize our capacity. An example of those enhanced returns within two of our most vertical oriented units are seen in Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store, as over the past five years Refrigerated Foods has enhanced our overall operating income percentage by 250 basis points, and at Jennie-O Turkey Store that’s about 590 basis-point increase. One other way to see the leveraging of efficiency is the growth versus the kind of the overhead within the Company or the corporate team. So, we’ve grown the top line in the past five years at an aggregate 28% but our corporate staff team during that same timeframe grew at 14%. So, 50% leverage opportunity there. Or if you look at overall sales, the CAGR of 5.11 versus SG&A without advertising at 3.95, again about a 20% leverage point -- versus our sales versus that total cost picture. One last aspect of the secret behind Hormel Foods that I’d like to share with you really relates to our team, where we are -- I mentioned to you we’re in a small town in Minnesota; we’re little bit of a throwback in that regard. When someone joins our organization, they tend to join it for a life and indeed our average tenure of our officer team at Hormel Foods is 26 years, that’s not 26 years of industry experience, that’s 26 years of experience at Hormel, which I think does make it somewhat unique in the industry. We had our chance of -- I saw the earlier presentation from General Mills and they’re celebrating their 150th anniversary, which is fantastic. Hormel Foods is celebrating our 125th anniversary this year. And in anticipation of that event, I had a little gathering here recently with my two predecessors in the CEO, President roles at Hormel Foods, Joel Johnson and Dick Knowlton. We were taping some things for that 125th anniversary celebration and then we kind of had a little breakfast session for some of our favorite SPAM recipes and had a chance to share some of the things we thought have made the Company strong over the last few years. And I want to share a couple of minutes of that video with you right now. [Audio/Video Presentation] So, between Dick, Joel and I, we’ve been President of the organization for the past 35 years; it’s been our privilege to do that. But this last October we had an exciting announcement, it was the announcement of just the 10th President in our Company’s 125-year history. Jim Snee. And let me tell you a couple of things about Jim. So, this maybe the first time for many of you to be introduced to Jim. Jim also has 26 years of Hormel Foods. So, he hits the average on the nose; so, we don’t have to change that slide with him moving into this. He came up to our organization from the foodservice, sales and marketing team. He ran three different regions for our foodservice team. Jim was then asked to head up our corporate-wide purchasing function; after that he was inaugural Vice President of our affiliated foods group within Refrigerated Foods, running Farmer John, Burke and Dan’s Prize. And then for the past four and half years, he lead the International team. And during his tenure, his team grew segment profit for international from $26 million to $88 million. Without further ado, I’m going to bring Jim up to podium, and he’s going to share with you many of the exciting initiatives we have going forward.
Jim Snee: Thank you, Jeff. First, since this presentation is doubling as our first quarter earnings call, I’d like to take this opportunity to update all of you on our outlook for the rest of 2016. And during our fourth quarter conference call, we set our 2016 earnings per share guidance at $1.43 to a $1.48 per share. And those numbers are adjusted for the recent stock split. Now, while sales growth will continue to be challenged, as we navigate lower pork markets and the reduced turkey volumes at Jennie-O, especially through the first half of the year, we do expect our earnings to continue to be favorable. And our strong earnings performance in the first quarter led by Refrigerated Foods, Grocery Products, Specialty Foods as well as improvements in our Jennie-O Turkey segment, as we recover from the turkey supply pressures, has given us the confidence to raise our guidance for the full year to $1.50 to $1.56 per share. And that represents a 14% to 18% increase over 2015. Now, while the Jennie-O Turkey Store business is still recovering from the impact of avian influenza last year, production volumes are expected to return to more normalized volumes by the end of the second quarter. And that will position them for strong growth in the back half of the year. Now, this expectation for normalized production volumes does assume that we do not have any new outbreaks of avian influenza in our operations, which are located in Minnesota, and Wisconsin. We look for continued favorable input cost for our Grocery Products and Refrigerated Foods segment. Refrigerated Foods will also benefit from strong pork operating margins. However, we do expect those pork operating margins to moderate as the year progresses. Specialty Foods should continue to benefit from an improved mix of higher value added items as our Muscle Milk franchise grows and we shift away from some lower margin business in other parts of that segment. That team’s done a nice job capitalizing on operational efficiencies between our existing Century Foods business but also our recent acquired CytoSport business. And we expect Specialty Foods to continue to benefit from those efforts. And we do expect our International segment to be able to deliver improved results as the year progresses with improved export sales of both SPAM and SKIPPY. Now in terms of total Company performance, one of the reasons we’re able to consistently set and hit our aggressive long-term growth goals is the balance that’s built into our business segments. And when you put it altogether, our business model supports growth that exceeds the average for packaged food companies but is also inherently less volatile than our protein peers.  Now, in the first quarter, you’ve heard it several times, we certainly are pleased to post another record in terms of earnings which grew at a significant double-digit rate with four of our five segments delivering earnings growth, really demonstrating our balanced model. But the long term success of this model really is borne out over time, as we’ve delivered year-over-year earnings growth in 27 of the past 30 years. And its financial consistency’s not only due to the diversity across the business segments but also the balance built throughout our business model. And so, we have product offerings that are both protein centric but also packaged foods and that has really served us well over time. And the deep investments that we’ve made in both our pork and turkey supply chains, allow us to better control the quality and consistency of our products and remove costs from our system. This is balanced by our position of buying other key inputs such as peanuts, avocados, and tomatoes on the outside. And that reduces our exposure to potentially volatile growing cycles but it also minimizes our capital investment. And we have a very strong presence in both the retail and foodservice channels which allows us to serve consumers with meal solutions, both at home and away from home. And both our retail and foodservice businesses are strengthened by our dedicated sales force that concentrates exclusively on our family of brands. We have a strong sense of financial conservatism that serves the Company well. And as you saw earlier from Jody, we certainly have a strong balance sheet that gives us great flexibility. Now, this conservative nature is complemented by a relentless pursuit of innovation that’s allowed us to maintain relevancy with consumers. And it drives our success in both process and product improvement. So, this right balance allows us to prosper in various commodity cycles, and our diversified portfolio helps insulate the business in various market conditions. And we have purposely prioritized our investments to expand the growth platform that we think positions our Company for long term growth, while complementing our existing portfolio of very strong brands, ultimately creating a platform of foods that fit the many consumer needs. Now, even with the faster growth that we’ve seen in our International business over the last several years, we acknowledge that our business is still primarily a U.S.-based business but we continue to seek opportunities to expand our global footprint. We also view multicultural items with new and adventurous flavors such as those items that you’d find in our MegaMex portfolio of items as a strong growth platform. We believe there are more opportunities to expand our multicultural food offerings going forward. Additionally, our innovation and acquisition efforts have been focused on delivering foods that fit today’s busy, on the go lifestyles and the growing interest in products that are not only nutritious but has significant holistic attributes. So, now let’s take a deeper look at each of these platforms. Our International business has achieved significant top-line growth over the last five years. We’ve seen a 15% compound annual sales growth rate. And this segment is built on some long standing partnerships that we have with Purefoods in the Philippines, CJ in South Korea as well as a very a well-developed export business with iconic brands like SPAM and SKIPPY. And in China, we’ve developed businesses in both foodservice and retail channels, leading to our decision to expand production capacity in that country. We broke ground this past April on our new production facility in Jiaxing China that will be completed by the end of calendar 2016. This facility will not only produce refrigerated and frozen meat items but it will include in-country SPAM production, allowing us to manufacture SPAM family of products in-country for the first time in our history. And this significant investment will give us much needed capacity and allow us to meet the growing demand for our products in China from both consumers and foodservice operators. Now, while we’re pleased with the great work that our team has done to deliver this organic growth, we continue to seek opportunities to increase our global exposure in a more meaningful way. I want to spend some time this morning, talking about some specific brands in our portfolio that support our growth platforms and the efforts made by our team to deliver innovation to meet the needs of today’s consumers with food best fit their lifestyle. As Jeff mentioned earlier, we have had and will continue to have aggressive expectation to grow our business at a rate of 5% on the top line and 10% on the bottom line. The brands I’ll be highlighting today are going to be key drivers to support this aggressive growth trajectory. So, the Jennie-O has become a clear market leader through our team’s efforts to build awareness. Their innovation and marketing efforts have led to 15 different items that hold the number one or number two market share position in their respective categories. And their Make the Switch advertising campaign highlighting turkey’s versatility as an alternative to beef has been a huge success for the brand, driving both awareness and trial. Consumer awareness for Jennie-O brand now exceeds 95% and it is driving purchase intent and share growth as consumers continue to look for fresh, nutritious meal solutions using Jennie-O Turkey products. In addition to the growing demand for these Jennie-O Turkey products, we believe our fresh supply chain focused on ground turkey is the best in the industry. And these efforts show up at the retailer, as Jennie-O share of ground meat business has shown fantastic growth over the last five years. We hold the number two item in the retail exactly meat category, the only turkey item in the top 10. We have worked hard to achieve that success and we have great retailer support, as they recognize the importance of these types of items and their growing demand from consumers. The healthy attributes of the Jennie-O Turkey product portfolio, our brand leadership and our rapidly growing share of the ground meats category position the Jennie-O Turkey segment to be a strong growth driver for our business for many years to come. Now WHOLLY GUACAMOLE is part of our MegaMex portfolio of brands, and it’s another brand that meets the growing demand from consumers for fresh, natural, fun organic products. This cool, on trend brand holds a 42% market share in the refrigerated guacamole category. and much of that growth has been built through digital media campaigns in conjunction with a strong social media presence and aligns well with our targeted growth areas with its healthy and holistic attributes. And of course, it has multicultural appeal. And from an innovation perspective, our introduction of WHOLLY GUACAMOLE minis has been a huge success as it’s made this great product easy for consumers to take on the go and have anytime, anywhere they want. So, when we acquired the SKIPPY brand in 2013, we knew there were immediate opportunities to capitalize on the brand’s existing recognition among consumers. We were able to make early distribution and share gains commensurate with the SKIPPY brand position. We also knew that we could grow the brand by going back to the basics with the commitment to advertising and innovation. And when we looked at innovation, we were not only looking for close in ideas but we wanted to bring to consumers the great flavor of SKIPPY beyond the jar. And we were able to do that with the introduction of SKIPPY P.B. Bites. It’s a terrific combination of SKIPPY peanut butter with a pretzel or peanut butter center for a delicious protein infused snack that’s perfect for on-the-go and anywhere snacking. SKIPPY peanut butter also enjoys the leading peanut butter brand from a natural perspective, allowing us to provide more choices for consumers. And while the team has done a lot of great work since the time of acquisition, we believe that there’re still many opportunities to grow and innovate with this iconic brand. Now, our Specialty Foods team is capitalizing on the 2014 acquisition of the Muscle Milk brand. Muscle Milk holds the number one market share position in the ready-to-drink protein beverage category. And they’ve also been able to reinvigorate the brand’s innovation efforts, introducing new items like MUSCLE MILK Pro Series and MUSCLE MILK organic products. With innovation even more critical in this fast growing protein category, our team has developed a robust pipeline of exciting innovations that we’ll be sharing with you in the months to come. We’ve also been able to leverage our team’s capabilities to significantly expand distribution of Muscle Milk products with traditional retailers. And we expect our Muscle Milk franchise to continue to grow this premium protein category well into the future. We got a peek at the Applegate brand earlier but I can tell you that we are still very excited about the addition of this great Applegate business to our portfolio of strong brands. Applegate is the number one brand in the natural and organic value-added protein category. And the acquisition was perfectly aligned with our interest in adding brands that resonate with consumers that are younger and more socially engaged. This acquisition has also expanded our distribution into the natural and specialty foods channel. It’s provided us a faster path to creating a significant presence in this high growth attractive margin segment. It also affords consumers more choice, providing access to foods that fit the demand for more holistic products. Now, as we anticipated and we communicated when we announced the acquisition, our team continues to work on securing supply to meet the high demand for some of our Applegate products. The team continues to deliver nice growth with chicken-based products such as our Applegate natural breakfast sausage and Applegate organic and natural breaded chicken. I believe Jody said it earlier, if not, I’ll say it for the first time that I’m pleased to share with you that our Applegate business continues to perform in line with our expectations. And so, our approach of supporting our core items, driving innovation and strategically investing in acquisitions has allowed us to create a product portfolio that resonates with consumers of all ages, foods that fit many different lifestyles. So, many of our core brands have been well-represented in shopping carts for years. Our efforts on new product innovation and acquisitions have been focused on keeping our products relevant with changing consumer needs and trends, brands such as Wholly Guacamole, Natural Choice, Applegate, Muscle Milk and Jennie-O have broad appeal with millennials and a younger, more socially engaged consumer. This broad and balanced portfolio of brands is another key to our long-term sustained growth. And these are strong brands. We have 30 -- we have over 30 brands that hold the number one or number two market share in their respective categories, helped in no small part by our dedicated sales team’s effort to communicate the power of our brands and their value proposition in both the retail and foodservice channels. Many of these brands are familiar to consumers for generations. They’ve grown and strengthened over time and we strive to keep them as relevant with today’s consumer as when they were first introduced. And we remain committed to supporting these brands and strengthening these brands, and advertising is an important component. We expect a double-digit increase in our advertising spend this year on the heels of a similar sized increase last year. Now, I’d like to show you an example of some of our most recent investments, which represents a nice mix of both traditional and digital media. [Audio/Video Presentation] We certainly have some creative individuals working across the Company on these ideas. Jeff shared with you earlier a slide sharing some of the great household penetration gains that we’ve made over the last five years. And while yes, we have made a lot of gains, another reason we’re optimistic about our ability to continue to deliver strong growth is that many of the products still have a long runway ahead of us. I spoke earlier about the growth in Jennie-O Ground Turkey products and they’re only scratching the surface with a household penetration rate of 9%. Items such as Applegate sliced meats, Hormel Natural Choice deli meats, Wholly Guacamole still all in the single digits with great consumer demand for these types of items, and even our iconic brands such as SPAM, Hormel pepperoni and Skippy peanut butter have significant runway growth ahead of them. And Jody mentioned our CapEx plans earlier for fiscal 2016 of approximately $250 million. Now some key items in that plan are the China plant that I mentioned earlier as well as some production capacity expansion for select bacon item, including Hormel Bacon 1 fully cooked bacon which is an item that is developed for our foodservice group. Bacon continues to be on trend and it’s been a great growth vehicle for us. We’re also expanding production capacity for Jennie-O ground turkey products. Now, this was a project that we have scheduled last year but we put it on hold with the outbreak of avian influenza. So, we’re just refreshing it this year. And then, not all projects are about production capacity or plant efficiencies. And to keep pace with our innovation efforts, new technology and to maintain our laser like focused on food, quality and safety, we are making a significant investment in our research and development facility, which will be on line at the end of this fiscal year. And so our efforts to innovate and keep our products relevant with consumers have delivered strong financial results. And clearly we’ve been rewarded for those results in the marketplace. We’ve enjoyed stock performance that exceeds the S&P 500 and an index of our food peers. In fact, an investment at the end of our fiscal year 2010 would have tripled by the end of our fiscal year 2015. And while we are pleased with this stock performance, our team understands that we must remain focused on those things that we can control. We will continue to concentrate on building our branded, value added portfolios and making the right investments today that will drive sustainable growth in our business over the long-term. So, thank you for your attention this morning. We are now prepared to take your questions. And I do want to introduce Jana Haynes, who is our Director of Investor Relations.
Q - Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking the question. So, congratulations on another great quarter. Can you talk a little bit about M&A? Obviously your returns have been above and beyond any of your peers but your balance sheet is still under-levered; you mentioned $3 billion in dry powder. The last three deals on average have added I think 4% to your earnings growth on average. What do you expect M&A to add to your growth algorithm going forward?
Jeff Ettinger: We talk about 5% and 10% but we’ve said that that’s inclusive of M&A. I think over maybe a 10-year timeframe, the M&A is in more like 1 to 1.5 of the 5. Over the last five years, it’s been a little bit more robust as we have done some bigger deals. We clearly have the financial wherewithal to tackle more acquisitions. We’ve talked in the past and if you look at even the recent ones, some are corporate properties, so SKIPPY came from a corporation; Lloyds. From time to time companies are changing their portfolio. And we will certainly look at items within those portfolios that makes sense to Hormel. But a number of our more successful acquisitions have been family-owned business that frankly we try to establish a relationship over many years with a hope that at some point if that family has made the decision to sell the business that we might be a preferred buyer. We certainly have a number of hooks in the water and keep looking for the things. We know we can handle financially, we also know we can handle in terms of the capacity of our Company to integrate and handle more businesses.
Jody Feragen: And I think importantly is the disciplined model that we put around when we are looking at whatever our investments are and taking a long-term view because we do buy things that we intend to keep for the next 125 years.
Jim Snee: And I would add that we would probably keep them tied to those growth platforms, I discussed. So, when we think about global multicultural, healthy holistic and on-the-go, those are going to be key drivers for us as we go in the future. Doesn’t mean that we wouldn’t look at a business that perhaps adds scale to an existing portfolio that we have but really we want to focus on those growth platforms in the years ahead.
Jana Haynes: Farha?
Farha Aslam: Results today really highlighted the success of your allocating raw material to the highest opportunity, particularly your Jennie-O Turkey Store had volumes that were down kind of 20% plus but your earnings were nearly flat. So, kind of as you look forward, what more opportunity do you see in both turkey and pork, going forward.
Jeff Ettinger: I think from a turkey perspective, clearly it’s exactly what you said. I mean the team has done a great job allocating those raw materials. But as we get in to the back half of the year, we will see that return to more normalized returns. We need to make sure that we’ve got our business, our distribution back to where was pre avian influenza because there were some rationalization that had to take place. And so, we’ve got the great fundamentals of the Jennie-O Turkey Store business. And now, if we can go back and put the supply on top of that we think that we are going to be well-positioned for future growth. On the pork side, again, it’s a pork operating margins could have an impact in the back half of the year. But when you look across the Refrigerated Foods in total, we’re talking about meat products, foodservice, a number of different businesses that all -- they don’t all have the same direct impact. So, I mean we expect to be fine on the pork side.
Jana Haynes: Rob Moskow?
Rob Moskow: Thanks. Also I thought what helped the quarter were bacon margins, deli prices were way down and bacon retail seemed really high. Was that a big driver of refrigerated margin in the quarter, and is that also sustainable given the volatility in deli prices historically?
Jeff Ettinger: That was a piece of it. I mean clearly if you look at the portfolio of items that we have available, whether it’s Hormel pepperoni, bacon, certainly the Refrigerated Foods or the items in our foodservice group also has a bacon component to it as well. And so our team does do a good job of staying current on pricing, as it does, there is some volatility and fluctuation. So, I mean I think the margin management piece of it, the discipline our team, does a pretty nice job. And I would expect that we would keep that going forward.
Rob Moskow: Just to follow up, in turkey, is the industry going to come out of this AI event in the stronger position than it was before because maybe some excess capacity came out? I mean your pricing is up at a time when all other proteins are down. Can you explain how turkey pricing kind of takes [ph] once all that?
Jim Snee: I think turkey is kind of unique in the sense that it is a niche protein, even as greater job as our Jennie-O brand has done in proliferating the brand in the marketplace and adding these value added items, I mean it’s not the lead item that the retailers going to feature in their ads, except for Thanksgiving. So, I think the pricing model for us is really fairly consistent one. As long as we build innovative items with true points of difference, we can attain a good margin with those. And we clearly want to support that with the advertising position. Hard to tell from a macro standpoint. I mean this year the whole industry is obviously going to be closely watching this spring to see if there are any further outbreaks. You’re seeing cold storage stocks go up a little bit already. I think that frankly folks are holding to any surplus breast meat or other items they have in anticipation of a potential challenge. We didn’t see any recurrence within our region in the fall. There was a recent incident in Indiana but was a fairly limited one of a different strain. So I think the AI dynamic is going to continue to affect the marketplace at least through the spring and then if it turns out we have a clean spring and we’re kind of out of that mold, then things could change by next year.
Jana Haynes: Mario?
Mario Contreras: Mario Contreras, Deutsche Bank. So, I wanted to ask about your long-term targets; 5% sales, 10% earnings growth. It’s obviously implying a decent amount of margin expansion over time. But, if we look at your specific segment margin ranges, you are already kind of at the high-end or even above the high-end in some cases. So, can you talk a little bit about where you expect to see that margin expansion come from over time?
Jody Feragen: Well, certainly we’ll look to do some of that leveraging on the corporate and the G&A side of things, like Jeff talked about. But really it’s about focusing on what the consumers are looking for and trying to find the value-added products that fit within the growth platforms that we’ve put out there. Some will come from one of the things that we -- criteria we look for when we’re looking at M&A transactions or even those internal investments are -- we expect the margin profile over those investments over the long-term be accretive to the segments that they’re in. So, lots of different things working towards those goals.
Jeff Ettinger: As Jon mentioned in his introduction, we certainly have endeavored to shift the portfolio to become more and more of a prepared foods player but our aggregate margins are still well below the average of that universe. So, we think over time and we’ll certainly move the segment margins as we see a logic behind that; we think over time the total Company margins can definitely migrate northwards.
Jon Feeney: Well, thank you. I think that’s all the time we have on the webcast. Just as a reminder, lunch is immediately after this. I believe Hormel management team will be available for your questions. Let’s take this opportunity to thank Hormel once again for what is sure to be a great lunch and for their support of CAGNY, had a great presentation. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-11-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Jana Haynes - Director, Investor Relations Jeffrey Ettinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Snee - President and Chief Operating Officer Jody Feragen - EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets Diane Geissler - CLSA Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Hormel Foods Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jana Haynes, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Ma'am.
Jana Haynes: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM, Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Snee, President and Chief Operating Officer and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter, and then Jim will comment on our outlook and guidance for fiscal 2016. Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter and the year. The line will be opened for questions following Jody's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional queries, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:30 AM Central Time today, November 24, 2015. The dial-in number is 888-329-8893 and the access code is 6355504. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the Company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 34 through 40 in the Company's 10-Q filed on September 4, 2015. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with the better understanding of the Company's operating performance by excluding the impact of certain non-recurring items effecting comparability. Discussion of non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Please note that during our call, we will refer to these non-GAAP results as adjusted earnings. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thanks very much, Jana, and good morning everyone. We are pleased to report a strong finish to fiscal 2015. Adjusted earnings in the fourth quarter were a record $0.74 per share, up 17% from last year. Sales for the quarter were $2.4 billion, down 6%. For the full year the Company earned and adjusted $2.64 per share representing an 18% increase over fiscal 2014. On an adjusted basis, all five segments registered earnings growth this year. Sales for the full year were $9.3 billion, a decrease of 1%. Lower sales for the quarter and the year were primarily due to turkey supply shortages in our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment and price deflation in the pork markets impacting sales within our Refrigerated Foods and International segments. I will now take you through each segment. Grocery Products operating profit was up 57% in the quarter. Normalized input costs and improved productivity drove the gains. Sales grew 4% this quarter led by SKIPPY peanut butter, DINTY MOORE stew, HORMEL chilly, and WHOLLY GUACAMOLE dips. For the year, adjusted segment profit was up 23% and sales were up 4%. We are especially pleased with the sales growth of our SKIPPY peanut butter products given a price decrease in the peanut butter category earlier this year. We continue to build momentum in our snacking portfolio with excellent results from our WHOLLY GUACAMOLE minis along with positive early reads on our most recent innovation SKIPPY P.B. Bites!. Refrigerated Foods' fourth quarter segment profit increased 27%, with sales down 5% and volume up 2%. For the full year, operating profit in this segment was up 26% and sales decreased 6% on a volume increase of 1%. Results in the fourth quarter were driven by nice increases by our affiliated foods businesses, higher pork operating margins, the addition of the APPLEGATE business, and an improved product mix. Our Refrigerated Foods team had a heightened focus on margin expansion this year and has made nice strides. Lower dollar sales reflect price reductions on some items compared to last year's record high pork markets and the dissolution of Precept Foods the latter of which we will have lapped after this quarter. Our Foodservice group continues to deliver innovative solutions for foodservice operators with notable growth on items such as our HORMEL Fire Braised meats and HORMEL pizza toppings. On the retail side of the business, HORMEL pepperoni, HORMEL refrigerated entrees and HORMEL GATHERINGS party trays delivered sales gains this quarter. We have owned the APPLEGATE business for a few months now and we are pleased with its performance constrained partially by the availability of pork and turkey raw materials during the quarter. The APPLEGATE team remains on track to deliver results consistent with our initial guidance for this business. Jennie-O Turkey Store fourth quarter segment profit declined 23% on an 18% sales decrease. For the full year, operating profit was up 1% and sales decreased 2%. Results were impacted by high pathogen avian influenza as flocks lost earlier this year created large volume shortfalls in operations and sales. We have now completed the repopulation of all of our turkey barns. We've not experienced any new outbreaks thus far into the fall migration of wild birds. While we have been able to purchase some turkey meat to partially offset flock losses, turkey breast prices remain at a record high due to overall industry shortages. Our team continues to work closely with government agencies and other organizations as they study this virus and work to control future outbreaks, and with our customers as we managed through the turkey breast meat shortages. We have made many adjustments and are prepared to minimize any future impact to our operations in the event that the virus returns to our area as the migration season progresses. Our Specialty Foods segment reported an adjusted operating profit increase of 155%. Muscle Milk sport nutrition products sales increased nicely though the gain was not enough to offset some reductions in contract packaging sales, leading to a net 3% decrease in overall segment sales this quarter. Full year results for Specialty Foods showed adjusted operating profit of 48% with sales up 22%. The positive fourth quarter segment profit results reflect synergies captured within the CytoSport and Century Foods supply chain and a beneficial comparison to last year CytoSport acquisition related costs of $9.3 million. The CytoSport acquisition is meeting our valuation expectations. We have decided to explore the sale of a portion of our Diamond Crystal Brands business. While the business is still performing acceptably, we feel it no longer fits within our strategic priorities. We will pursue a sale over the course of the next few months allowing us to redeploy capital and investments that better support our growth goals. International's fourth quarter operating profit increased 3% on flat dollar sales and a 5% higher volume. Results were driven by strong SPAM luncheon meat exports and continued growth of our China business muted by soft demand for fresh pork exports in certain markets. For the full year, adjusted operating profit in the International segment was up 4% on flat sales. In October, the leader of our International segment for the past few years, Jim Snee was elected to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer and was appointed to our Board of Directors. Jim is only the 10th President in our Company's 124-year history. In his new capacity, Jim will be responsible for all five reporting segments. While the finance functions including M&A, R&D, legal, supply chain, and human resources will continue to report to me. Jim's vast experience in both our Refrigerated Foods segment and our emerging growth markets internationally position him exceptionally well to take on these additional responsibilities. I will now turn the call over to Jim to discuss our long-term segment margin guidance and 2016 outlook.
James Snee: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning to all of you. Looking ahead to fiscal 2016, we expect renewed revenue growth as the year proceeds. Grocery Products should benefit from improved pork and beef input costs this year especially as compared to the first half of 2015. Along with positive sales trends for our key product lines including WHOLLY GUACAMOLE dips, SKIPPY peanut butter, and our SPAM family of products, we have made significant improvements in manufacturing efficiencies over this past year, giving us the confidence to raise our long-term Grocery Products segment operating margin guidance from 12% to 14% up to the 13% to 15% range going forward. Our value-added businesses and Refrigerated Foods should benefit from favorable raw material costs and the segment is positioned to start the year with strong earnings momentum. We expect modestly lower pork operating margins and hog prices in 2016, and plan to increase pork production by 1% to 2% over fiscal 2015. While Refrigerated Foods clearly benefited from favorable market conditions in 2015 our team has also made significant progress in their efforts to improve product mix and drive sustainable margin improvements. Given these advancements, we are increasing our long-term segment profit margin range from 5% to 8% up to 7% to 10% going forward. We look for Jennie-O Turkey Store to return to growth in the back half of the year if there are no significant recurrences of highly pathogenic avian influenza. Volumes will remain constrained in the early part of the year as we continue to rebuild our system after significant bird losses last spring. In addition to lower volumes, Jennie-O Turkey Store is also facing difficult comparisons to fiscal 2015's strong first half performance. We expect turkey breast meat prices to remain elevated until the industry can see the impact of the spring bird migration. Lower grain input costs will be a tailwind in 2016. In terms of long-term segment profit margin guidance, we are modestly tightening our guidance range for Jennie-O Turkey Store previously at 13% to 17% narrowed to 14% to 17%. We expect the Specialty Foods segment to deliver increases through the growth of our MUSCLE MILK protein nutrition products. Protein nutrition products remain on trend and promising new products in our innovation pipeline for this category should continue to drive success. Our long-term segment margin guidance for Specialty Foods remains at 8% to 11%. Though we are encouraged to see their upward migration within this range, the range does include contributions from the Diamond Crystal Brands business. If a sale occurs, we will provide an updated guidance range for this segment. We look for the International segment to achieve year-over-year improved results through increased sales of our SPAM luncheon meat and SKIPPY peanut butter products along with expansion of our China business. We are maintaining our long-term International segment margin guidance at 14% to 17%. From a total Company perspective, in light of the improved ranges mentioned, we are increasing our operating profit margins range from 9% to 12% to a new range of 10% to 13% reflecting our current business structure, product mix, and typical market volatility. Deporting our brands remains the top focus for us. In 2016, we are planning a double-digit increase in advertising support over the prior year. We will focus advertising dollars on REV's snack Wraps HORMEL GATHERINGS party trays, HORMEL pepperoni, our SPAM family of products, SKIPPY peanut butter, MUSCLE MILK protein rich products, and in the back half of the year, we expect to reignite our Jennie-O Make The Switch campaign. The MegaMex joint venture will also continue to provide significant marketing support to the wholly and [Herdez] brands of Mexican food products. We also plan to reinvest in our business through higher capital investments in fiscal 2016. We expect to complete the construction of our new plant in [Zhanjiang], China and start production there by the end of 2016. Here in the U.S., we intend to increase capacity for our HORMEL bacon products and Jennie-O fresh turkey tray pack items. Additionally, we plan to expand our research and development capabilities through the construction of a newest new facility to support our team's constant focus on food safety, quality, and innovation. After taking these significant factors into account, we've established our fiscal 2016 earnings guidance range at $2.85 to $2.95 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over at Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2015.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Jim. Good morning everyone. On a GAAP basis, net earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 totaled $187.2 million, up 9% over last year. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.69, a 10% increase. Excluding non-recurring charges adjusted net earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 totaled $199.9 million, up 17% from net earnings of $171.3 million last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.74, up 17% compared to $0.63 per share a year ago. As Jeff mentioned, we made the decision to sell a portion of the Diamond Crystal Brands business. This business has now been classified as held for sale and asset impairment tests were performed as part of the evaluation process. The fourth quarter included pre-tax non-recurring charges of $21.5 million relating to a goodwill impairment charge for this business and that is reflected in our Specialty Foods segment. We also had a positive $8.9 million adjustment due to a reduction of a contingent consideration liability related to the CytoSport acquisition. This adjustment was due to an updated evaluation of the earn-out targets associated with the acquisition. The CytoSport earn-out agreement requires aggressive financial targets to be met and sales got off to a slower start than anticipated in the earn-out. To be clear CytoSport continues to meet the base business case used in our valuations. For the full year, adjusted earnings per share were $2.64 representing an 18% increase over last year with all five segments contributing to the earnings growth. Sales for the fourth quarter totaled $2.4 billion compared to $2.5 billion for the same period last year, a 6% decrease. Sales were down 10% excluding the incremental impact of APPLEGATE and MegaMex products not included in last year's results. Lower pork prices, turkey supply shortages due to high path avian influenza and the dissolution of the Precept Foods joint venture were the primary drivers of sales declines compared to last year. For the full year dollar sales were $9.3 billion down less than 1% compared to last year. Volume for the fourth quarter was 1.3 billion pounds, down 2% from fiscal 2014. The decrease was primarily the result of lower sales for the Jennie-O Turkey Store segment. For the full year, volume was 5.1 billion pounds up 2% over the prior year. Selling general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were 7.9% of sales compared to 6.5% last year. For the full year, selling general and administrative expenses were 8% of sales compared to 7% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be approximately 8% of sales for fiscal 2016. Advertising expense for the fourth quarter was $29.6 million compared to $22.4 million last year. Full year 2015 advertising expense was $145 million compared to $114 million last year. Equity in earnings of affiliates was $8 million in the fourth quarter versus $5.7 million last year. The increase is largely the result of improved earnings at our MegaMex joint venture. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.8 million compared to $3.4 million last year. Year-to-date interest expense was $13.1 million up from $12.7 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $14 million for fiscal 2016. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 35.2% versus 34.1% in fiscal 2014. The year-to-date effective tax rate was 35% compared to 34.3% last year. For fiscal 2016, we expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 34%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year were 264.3 million and 264.1 million respectively. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year were 270.9 million and 270.5 million shares respectively. We repurchased 400,000 shares of common stock spending $24.9 million in the fourth quarter. We have 7.8 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. Long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million unchanged from last year. During the fourth quarter, we paid down $165 million of the $350 million short-term debt associated with the APPLEGATE acquisition. The remaining $185 million is expected to be repaid in fiscal 2016. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $47.3 million unchanged from last year. For the full year, capital expenditures totaled $144.1 million compared to $159.1 million last year. The primary driver for the lower capital expenditures was our decision to delay the addition of capacity for Jennie-O fresh tray pack products in the face of lower turkey supply in 2015. We plan to move forward with this project in 2016 assuming there are no significant recurrences of avian influenza. For 2016, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $250 million as several projects in process during 2015 are completed in 2016, including the construction of a new plant in China and other projects Jim mentioned earlier. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $34.4 million compared to $32.9 million last year. For the full year, depreciation and amortization was $133 million compared to $130 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $130 million in fiscal 2016. As Jim mentioned earlier, we have established a fiscal earnings guidance range at $2.85 to $2.95 per share for 2016. This guidance includes a full year of contributions from our Diamond Crystal business. When a sale of the business occurs, we will provide updated earnings guidance. Fiscal 2016 also includes an extra week in the fourth quarter. We have assumed the 53rd week will contribute approximately 1% of the earnings increase over last year in our guidance range. We announced a $0.16 per share increase to the annual dividend making a new dividend $1.16 per share. This represents a 16% increase on top of a 25% increase last year and marks the 50th consecutive year in which we have increased our dividend rate. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for questions and answers. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question, we'll hear from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Hey, yes, thanks. Good morning everyone.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess more detail on the margin, so let's say in the quarter and in the outlook the normalize ranges that you provided. Maybe in the quarter can you provide a little more clarity on, and especially in Grocery and Jennie-O, the very sharp year-over-year margin improvement that you saw, and maybe give a little more color on the drivers there? Was it simply timing of raw materials, manufacturing efficiencies, mix, a little bit more granularity there? And then on the long-term target, I appreciate you updating the long-term ranges, but I'm just trying to think about where you are today and especially Grocery, Refrigerated, and Jennie-O still running near at the high-end of the ranges that you've laid out and thinking about the contributors to earnings growth going forward, if you still think your margins are near the high-end of the normalized range? Thanks.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thanks, Adam, this is Jeff. So in terms of the current quarter, on the Grocery Products side, what we feel we're seeing is a return to normalized margins in terms of some of the raw material inputs coupled with some systemic changes in our overall operations environment, while we feel we have added efficiencies that will stick and we attribute that to the strong quarter they just generated and also that was why we have now increased that earnings guidance range by 1% on either end for the Grocery Products group.  In the case of Jennie-O Turkey Store, you'll recall we provided our best shot at what our second half adjusted guidance range would be in light of avian influenza and it pulled the range down to the 10% to 12% range. We certainly did see better returns in that in the fourth quarter on the aggregate for the half that turned out to be closer to 14%. They were able to do better on some of the dark meat-based items than we originally anticipated and they did a nice job of obtaining as much efficiency as possible in their operations.  In the case of Jennie-O Turkey Store, you will see, we really are not changing the upper end of the guidance range, but we did tighten up the bottom end like partially to their success and being able to achieve what they did this quarter.  The only other thing I guess I would add in terms of the long-term target ranges is clearly the Refrigerated Foods group with their performance this year broke out of the previous range and we were at a 5% to 8% range and they exceeded 9% this year. We have confidence in that business unit’s ability to maintain margins and grow them over time from that level, and hence we've raised that guidance range to the 7% to 10% range.  Specialty Foods have seen improvement within the range as Jim indicated in his comments, but the overall results for the year are still within the guidance range we had previously provided, so we're leaving that unchanged especially with the DCB issue still lurking out there.  Overall, what we felt it added up to was a 100 basis points change in the total Company margins and so we're looking at now 10% to 13% as being what we think we can look at going forward versus the 9% to 12% we had previously provided.
Adam Samuelson: It's very helpful, Jeff. And maybe just on Refrigerated piece, as you think look about the 200 basis points increase in the range there, would you attribute that to any particular part of the business? Bacon comes to mind as an area that's been seems to be particularly strong this year or really just manufacturing efficiencies and value-added mix, any more color there?
Jeffrey Ettinger: It's been a strong performance all the way around and we think it's a sustainable progress with these brands. Bacon is clearly a shining spot for that group both on the meat products and foodservice side. While both of those value-added units had excellent results beyond just the bacon franchise as we mentioned some of the brands that did well in the release, pepperoni and party trays and entrees for the Refrigerated Foods retail group and then on the foodservice side pizza toppings and Fire Braised meats and other items. The affiliated part of Refrigerated Foods which is our Farmer John, Burke, and Dan's Prize operations, all had excellent years and contributed nicely to the results and they too as I mentioned with Grocery we've tried to attain some long-term efficiencies Refrigerated Foods certainly has not been quiet in that respect also. And so it all really adds up to that new level that they are now able to attain.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam: Hi good morning.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Good morning.
Farha Aslam: Could you share with us your pork margin, basic pork margin estimates for this year and also if that's factored into your guidance and then the longer-term outlook what's kind of in your longer-term guidance?
Jody Feragen: Sure. I guess everybody is pointing at me Farah. I have to take the pork's operating margin question. So certainly they were stronger than we expected in the fourth quarter and moving into the first quarter of 2016, they are pretty robust. I would expect as the year goes on that those will trend downward and we'll see modestly lower pork operating margins. Supply seems to be robust. Demand at this point in time is robust as well so that's basically what we factored into our business model going forward. Really this was the first quarter where we saw pork operating margins for Refrigerated business unit being a contributor to the year-over-year results and that's really been an improvement on their mix and the value-added products.
Farha Aslam: And just as a follow-up. Could you talk about the recovery in the turkey business and the timing of that recovery?
Jeffrey Ettinger: What we're seeing in terms of the supply challenges, fortunately it's been a benign fall thus far and there is obviously close watch even in terms a wild bird testing to make sure that we're not encountering the renewed presence of high pathogen avian influenza and kind of knock on wood thus far, we've not seen that. We were able to completely refill our barns, but as we talked about before, the primary turkey for most of our value-added items is our tom turkeys. It's a 22-week market cycle and so we will not been fully back to normalized volumes throughout the earliest of second quarter of fiscal 2016. That being said, the team has done the best job they can with making sure that we have the product allocated fairly among our customers in terms of what is available. And then ultimately as Jim indicated, if everything continues to go well and we don't have any further outbreaks, we should be in a position by second half of next year to renew our successful Make The Switch advertising campaign and restimulate growth for Jennie-O Turkey Store brand.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital.
Patrick Chen: Hey good morning. This is Patrick Chen in for Ken. A quick question about pork exports, we understand that China has opened its borders again to a couple of processing plants including yours. Just wondering what the broad implications are for your pork exports, your pork margins, and input costs for other parts of your business? Thank you.
James Snee: Good morning, Patrick, this is Jim. Last year 2015 was a struggle with the pork exports especially in our International business. One of the bigger contributing factors was when Russia banned the imports from the European Union that supply had to go somewhere and it did find its way into the Asian market in general at similar favorable currency rates, and so more supply, favorable rates really were almost a perfect storm against us last year. Certainly the opening up of the China market and the approval of our plants, while we don't export pork directly into the China markets because of their ractopamine or lack of ractopamine requirement, what we do think it'll do though is really maybe redistribute the supply of the available product. And so as we're looking into 2016 for our pork exports in the International business specifically, we think sometime in the second quarter, the back half of the year, we'll be able to return to more normalized levels of our export business which is still a very important part to our overall International business.
Patrick Chen: Great, thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: And next we'll move to Heather Jones with BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather Jones: Good morning.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Hey Heather.
Heather Jones: I had a question first on your pork business. Talking about, it sounded like you have a pretty bullish outlook on the fresh pork side. And one thing that we've been hearing from a number of companies in the industry is that, you were looking at the USDA cutout? Just how that's trending? Is there seem to be a widening gap between what USDA is reporting on that cutout and what company are seeing on a blended basis? And I understand you guys have not a value-add, but just wondered if you're seeing a similar trend, so that maybe the USDA cutout is not as good proxy as it used to be for just trend for pork prices?
Jody Feragen: I'm not familiar with where your data is coming from, but one of the contributing factors could be the fact that the drop credits that are not included in the cutout have significantly declined from normalized type level, so that could be causing some of it -- those are credits or items that aren't traditionally sold in the U.S. or byproducts of the productive process.
Heather Jones: Yeah, I was talking about on the cutout specifically, but it sounds like you're not seeing same things. On your Jennie-O business, what do we understand Hormel is backwards integrated back to the greeters where it's quite a bit your competitors not, so it sounds as if Hormel's Jennie-O's volumes may return to normal borrowing another operate quicker [indiscernible] overall industry will return to normal from the volume perspective. It's what we understand basically on our conversations. And I guess my question is, I understand the difficult comparisons for the first half, but as we're thinking about late Q2 and Q3, I know a lot of your business is valued-added and more fixed price contract type of thing, but the part that is on the market, should we see some benefit from you guys having your volume return to normal quicker than the overall industry and there is still being benefit from some elevated pricing?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, Heather. Let me I guess make sure we're on the same page in terms of the verticality of the Jennie-O operation. We don't actually engage in the breeder stock, we do have our own hatcheries, so we do have a direct egg source. Our egg experience from what we're seeing in the industry maybe a little bit better than the overall industry number, but that's as close as I can get to being able to compare ours to others. In terms of that the second half outlook, we've frankly been the leader when it comes to branded value-added products for some time. I mean we're the one that's advertising. We're a local company that creates innovative new products. We have a dedicated team that focuses on the sale those items into multiple channels, and so definitely if we have the supply in place, that team is primed and ready to renew our momentum of growing the value-added businesses indeed. I mean before this thing hit in the first half of this year, all three of our groups the Retail deli and Foodservice at Jennie-O Turkey Store, their value-added sales were all up double-digit, so they were really on a roll here and we would expect during the second half of this year, if we have the meat supplies available and can turn the advertising back on to renew that kind of growth.
Operator: And next we'll move to Diane Geissler - CLSA.
Diane Geissler: I just wanted to ask on Diamond Crystal. So you obviously took a charge there, I'm assuming that's in anticipation of potential sale. Can you help us just how big is that business and what are its topic contribution then so as we model out this year, we can kind of get an idea for what the potential dilution to your EPS would be?
Jody Feragen: So I don't think we specifically called out any profitability numbers on that business and we will provide you the appropriate guidance when we do have a transaction to talk about. From the sales perspective, it's about $250 million to $260 million, without a margin structure that's generally lower than the guided range that we have further Specialty Foods segment. We'll try to help you when we have something to talk about.
Diane Geissler: Okay. I appreciate just given quantification on the size of the business. And then Patrick ask about China, so you talked about the plant additional CapEx this fiscal year to finish the construction there. How do you think about the timing in terms of obviously for SPAM etcetera that's been a product that you had introduced [indiscernible] poll. Can you just kind of talk about what your plans are with regard to when the plant is up and running and how long you think it will take to get products, kind of out of the door and under shelves and just kind of the maybe a longer-term 12 to 24 months outlook on your business in China. Thank you.
James Snee: Thanks Diane and this is Jim. Our business in China really has been performing exceptionally well here over the last couple of years. That team is really hit their strides. In terms of needed capacity, the sooner we complete this plant the better offer going to be. We are expecting the plant to be completed in the fall of 2016, so if we think about the September timeframe, and as a reminder that plant will be a combination of Refrigerated meats and also our in-country SPAM production as you mentioned. So that plant in the capacity that's going to be made available to our business in China. It's really going to keep us on the path of sustained growth that we've been able to deliver here the last couple of years. Business is very well developed both in the retail and foodservice channels, not only on the meat side, but with our SKIPPY business, and so as we think about it going forward we're exceptionally well-positioned to continue to grow the business in me instantly and were very excited about the synergies that will get within country production a stamina and being able to leverage them against what we've learned through the SKIPPY business. And so as we think about it going forward we're exceptionally well-positioned to continue to grow that business in meats and SKIPPY and we're very excited about the synergies that we'll get with the in-country production of SPAM and being able to leverage them against what we've learned through this SKIPPY acquisition integration, so lots of the letter great things coming out of China.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And next we'll move on to Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank.
Mario Contreras: So I wanted to clarify on the guidance for fiscal 2016, on the 53rd-week mathematically would expect that to add 2%, so given it's not going to add 1%. I'm just curious is that related to timing or some of that extra week profit going to be reinvested back into the business?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Okay, Mario, this is Jeff. Our business is the hybrid business between the store grocery channel and in the protein base channels, and I guess the way we assess it is yes on the protein side when you have meat coming at you in the system, you should anticipate frankly a full extra week, you'll have full cost and frankly should deliver full margins. When it comes to the Grocery side of the business which impacts not only our Grocery product segment, but also our international piece is significantly Grocery base. Our experience in the past has been, non-buying programs or those types of items, you really don't get a whole extra week. A lot of them are on monthly programs and so forth and so we're just trying to provide the guidance based on what our best experience has been. I would say though there is a certain element of reinvestment going on. We've have [stuffing] up ad spend on an annualized basis, and this current plan no exception to that. We have a number of brands that we're excited about that we think we can continue to build momentum in the marketplaces, so there is a little bit of element in general of us making sure we're reinvesting in our brands.
Mario Contreras: Okay, thanks for that. And then just one additional clarification there, corporate expense was a bit higher than its historical trend? Was there anything unusual there this quarter and what type of run rate do you think would be appropriate going forward that line item?
Jody Feragen: I would expect that, well in the fourth quarter we really had some higher employee related expenses as we took a look at all of our incentive programs and made adjustments there. We also had some higher legal expenses for some activity that was going on there. On a normalized level, I think he could look at possibly 5% increase over where we finish this full year. That ends up being a spot where lots of miscellaneous adjustments, so it's little harder to forecast. 
Operator: And next we'll move on to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hey there. A great year, great two years in a row, so here is a question about turkey. I literally just bought our turkey at Stop & Shop $75, $3.12 a pound. I mean it seems like a shockingly high priced.
Jody Feragen: Probably Jennie-O.
Robert Moskow: First question, would it be cheaper the Jennie-O. The second question, I look at your pricing back half of the year, there was no pricing despite the fact that the industry is sort of volume constraint and I'm trying to think about next year for Jennie-O. What is the pricing kind of flattish and for next year, will it continue to be flattish? And then I'm still not quite sure, I understand the cautious guidance for the first half for '16 for Jennie-O if fourth quarter came in loudly above what I had forecasted and I understand the volume constraints, but can you give us an order of magnitude on the first half profit guidance for Jennie-O?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I mean first of all, when whole bird pricing, I mean it's a relatively small percentage of the overall results of the business and you're also dealing with something that's very retailer specific and retailer dependent. I mean it ranges from apparently you hadn't experience where the retailer was certainly seeking to attain some margins out of their whole turkey sales, all the way to kind of the more historical treatment. Frankly there is a lot of retailers usually there is a lot sweeter and so you'll see a price out there and you might think that's breathtakingly low sometimes, that's not necessarily what our value was into them. It's up to the retailer to decide how to price the product.
James Snee: In the aggregate we came up with as many whole birds as we could for this year given the shortages we were fronted with and allocated them out on a national basis. In terms of your question about pricing in general and the guidance, fourth quarter is traditionally our strongest quarter, most favorable feed conversions and so forth in your birds. You do have the added bump if you will of the Thanksgiving sales rolling through. We know we're going to be short product again in Q1. We're certainly going to try to perform as strong as we can. We're going to be comparing against a very robust performance by Jennie-O Turkey Store in Q1 and Q2 in fiscal 2015. So we're comfortable that Jennie-O will be a solid contributor to the guidance range that we've provided you on an aggregate basis with most of it coming in the second half of the year.
Robert Moskow: Okay, but pricing like -- there is no pricing in Jennie-O right now and I imagine no pricing next year either and in the capacity constrained environment, I would have expected pricing to be higher. Is it because of those contracts in place with retailers or is there something else?
James Snee: It kind of runs the game, Robert. In some cases you're dealing with product shortages. In a significant enough shortage position, you may end up having a raise of price of what you have left. There are other aspects or other portfolio that you are on more of a contract basis or on a committed basis, so it's just kind of ends up blending out to the position you're seeing. Clearly there have been a steep increase in the commodity turkey pricing, but I think as we've talked about in the past, even in years and we're not sure of turkeys, we're not really a net seller of breast meat at commodity meat markets, and so these very lofty $4 and $5 rates that you're seeing on the commodity breast side that's not something we're able to enjoy in our sales. 
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Jeff for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, thank you very much. I just want to conclude by saying that I'm proud of the excellent quarter and full year performance by our team as we achieved record earnings for a 10th straight quarter. It's an extraordinary experience of our employees throughout the Company and that's such a key factor to our ability to consistently deliver strong results for the Company. On behalf of this team, I want to wish all of you Happy Thanksgiving, and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-08-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jana L. Haynes - Director-Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC Jason M. Fraprie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Hormel Foods Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Jana Haynes, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jana L. Haynes - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2015. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:00 AM, Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter, and then Jody will provide detailed financial results. The line will be opened for questions following Jody's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional queries, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 AM Central Time today, August 19, 2015. The dial-in number is 888-203-1112 and the access code is 1732023. The audio replay will be posted on our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and outbreaks of disease among livestock and poultry flocks. Please refer to pages 34 through 40 in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 26, 2015 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Also, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors additional information to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. Discussion of non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jana, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today, we announced record third quarter non-GAAP earnings of $0.56 per share, up 10% over last year with four of our five segments registering gains this quarter. We generated sales of $2.2 billion, a decrease of 4% versus last year on a 3% volume increase. Sales were lower due to turkey supply shortages in our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment and price deflation in the pork markets, primarily impacting sales within our Refrigerated Foods and International segments. To illustrate the dramatic change in pork markets, the average USDA pork cutoff price in July of 2014 was $133 compared to $83 in July of 2015, almost a 40% decrease. While across the company our team is generally focused on our goal of 5% top line growth, in this particular market scenario, volume growth may be the more appropriate metric by which to gauge results. I will now take you through each segment. Refrigerated Foods finalized the purchase of Applegate near the end of the third quarter on July 13, 2015. I am pleased to welcome the Applegate team to Hormel Foods. Refrigerated Foods grew operating profit 9% inclusive of incurring $8.6 million in transaction cost related to the acquisition of Applegate. Results were driven by lower pork input cost and strong performance by our value-added retail and food-service businesses. Refrigerated Foods sales were down 11% this quarter despite a 2% volume increase. As I mentioned earlier, lower sales were primarily due to pricing decreases on items such as bacon, driven by the declining pork market values. We enjoyed strong sales growth of many of our value-added items during the quarter, including retail sales of Hormel pepperoni, and Hormel Gatherings party trays, and foodservice sales of Hormel Natural Choice deli meats and Hormel Fire Braised meats. Grocery Products delivered an excellent segment profit increase of 57% on an 8% sales increase. Segment results were driven by favorable raw material cost, and increased sales of SKIPPY peanut butter, HORMEL chili, and WHOLLY GUACAMOLE refrigerated dips. WHOLLY GUACAMOLE minis in a single-serve container have been a key driver to the brand's growth this past year. They squarely meet consumer's desires for portable, better-for-use snacking options. Grocery Products continues to build brand equity and drive sales with marketing support for key items. Jennie-O Turkey Store segment profit decreased 45% and sales decreased 12%. Results were impacted by high pathogen avian influenza, as flocks lost earlier this year created large volume shortfalls in operations and sales. We have now repopulated approximately two-thirds of the farms' previously impacted and we expect to complete the repopulation process during the fourth quarter. While we have been able to purchase some turkey meat from other suppliers to partially offset flock losses, Jennie-O Turkey Store continues to estimate approximately 15% lower sales in the fourth quarter versus last year, similar to the sales impact in the third quarter. Our team continues to work closely with government agencies and other organizations as they study this virus and work to control future outbreaks. Our Specialty Foods segment reported a robust operating profit increase of 79%. Improvements to the cost structure in the CytoSport and Century Foods operations, along with stronger performance in our Specialty Products business benefited results this quarter. Specialty Foods segment sales increased 31%, largely driven by the recently acquired CytoSport business. The CytoSport team has achieved additional distribution of MUSCLE MILK protein nutrition products with big gains coming from one of our more recent product introductions, MUSCLE MILK PRO SERIES. Innovation is a top priority for our CytoSport business, and we look forward to the launch of some great new items currently in the pipeline for our MUSCLE MILK brand. International & Other segment profit increased 3%, while sales declined 6%. Higher royalties on sales of our SPAM family of products, strong performance by our China businesses, and increased sales of SKIPPY peanut butter drove the profit gains. However, sales and margins were hampered by significantly lower pork exports due to soft demand in key markets in East Asia. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect Refrigerated Foods to benefit from value-added sales increases and lower input costs. We look for Grocery Products to deliver another quarter of strong segment profit growth, with favorable raw material cost and volume growth in key categories. Jennie-O Turkey Store will continue to be significantly challenged due to the impacts of avian influenza on our turkey supply chain. However, we do anticipate modest margin improvement as compared to third quarter results. Specialty Foods should finish the year well based on the fast-paced growth and improved cost structure of our recently acquired MUSCLE MILK protein nutrition products. And we expect our International segment to continue to face headwinds in the pork export markets over the near term, partially offset with anticipated gains from our China businesses. Given the strong results through three quarters, along with our positive outlook for Refrigerated Foods, Grocery Products and Specialty Foods as we close the year, and better visibility of the impact of avian influenza on Jennie-O Turkey Store in the near term, we are raising our fiscal 2015 non-GAAP earnings guidance range from $2.50 to $2.60 per share, up to $2.57 to $2.63 per share. I am proud of our experienced team as we have demonstrated our ability to navigate an unprecedented raw material supply challenge and still be on track to deliver another double-digit increase in earnings in fiscal 2015. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the third quarter.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Earnings for the third quarter of fiscal 2015 totaled $146.9 million or $0.54 per share, compared to $138 million or $0.51 per share a year ago. Excluding the impact of Applegate-related transaction cost of $8.6 million, non-GAAP earnings were $0.56 per share. Consistent with our guidance, given on the announcement of the deal, we expect the Applegate acquisition to be net neutral to fiscal 2015 earnings. The bulk of deal-related expenses have been booked in the third quarter. The non-GAAP adjusted earnings guidance Jeff provided of $2.57 to $2.63 per share for fiscal 2015 assumes this neutral impact on a full year basis for the Applegate acquisition. Dollar sales for the third quarter totaled $2.19 billion compared to $2.28 billion last year, a 4% decrease. Sales, excluding the incremental impact of CytoSport, Applegate, and MegaMex products that were not included in last year's results, were down 10%. Lower pork prices, lower turkey supply, and the dissolution of the Precept Foods joint venture were the primary drivers of sales declines compared to last year. Volume for the third quarter was 1.21 billion pounds, increasing 3% from the same period last year. Tonnage was down 2%, excluding the incremental impact of CytoSport, Applegate, and MegaMex products not included in last year's results. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were 8.4% of sales, up from 6.7% last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses were higher compared to last year due to increased advertising expense, the Applegate deal cost, and employee-related expenses. For the full year, we expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be approximately 8% of sales. Advertising expenses for the quarter were $34 million compared to $21 million last year. The increase was due mostly to advertising expense at CytoSport for the Muscle Milk brand which was acquired last August, as well as increased Hormel Brands support in the Refrigerated Foods and Grocery Products segment compared to last year. Equity and earnings of affiliates was $6.4 million in the third quarter versus $3.5 million last year. The increase is largely the result of prior-year incentive expenses related to the Fresherized Foods business not repeated this year, as well as savings associated with the exit from the international joint venture businesses announced in the first quarter of this year. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.1 million, unchanged from last year. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 35.6% versus 34.7% in fiscal 2014. For fiscal 2015, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 34.5% and 35%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 264.3 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 270.6 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $33.3 million versus $33.5 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $130 million in fiscal 2015. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, unchanged from last year. The Applegate acquisition was funded in July with cash and $350 million of short-term debt. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $41.8 million, up from $34.8 million last year. For fiscal 2015, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $155 million to $165 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Levi?
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Congratulations on a good quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: I have questions regarding two of your smaller businesses. The first one's on Specialty. How has the restructuring of the supply chain benefited you? And how sustainable do you anticipate those Specialty margins to be? They were pretty strong this current quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: When we announced the Muscle Milk deal, we mentioned how one of the benefits we saw was that we did have familiarity and experience within the segment with our Century Foods operation. They're a manufacturer on the powdered side of that business. We have taken the opportunity to combine the previous manufacturing capabilities in Benicia with the Sparta, Wisconsin-based Century operation. And you're seeing some of the benefit of that already being reflected in the Q3 results. Another key area of gains has just been the general management of the business in terms of organizing the sales and marketing structures and so forth and then a lot of top line benefit. I mean, the business is growing very nicely. We've been able to gain distribution in the food, drug, and mass channel. We've been able to rejuvenate the portfolio in the Specialty channel. We continue to enjoy an excellent relationship with Pepsi in terms of distribution into the convenience channel and also parts of the food, drug and mass. The Muscle Milk franchise, on a Nielsen basis, the ready-to-drink items grew in the high single-digit levels and the powdered items grew double-digit. And so that's all contributing to very solid results, and I do believe this new level of performance for Specialty Foods should be repeatable in Q4.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then on International, you were quite positive about your Chinese business. With all that's going on in China, could you just share with us your reasons for being positive, especially given the more constrained pork supplies in China, and then your outlook for that division as it relates to exports of U.S. pork?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I mean, we're really happy with the performance of the China group. I mean, you look back even four years ago, that business was not making money, or maybe barely making money. And this year, it's going to be a solidly double-digit returning entity. We provide niche products in that market, particularly to the foodservice channel. Obviously, SKIPPY would be another retail-based item. And so to us, at least so far the macro level things going on with their currency and their stock market and so forth, we really have not seen any detrimental impact to our sales capabilities or our margins on that business. In terms of exports, it was a more challenging quarter for International. We've had some port issues. Obviously, there was the U.S. port issues earlier in the year, that was less of an effect in Q3. We continue to have Philippine-based port issues, though, that did impact Q3 results. We've seen a little bit of a turndown in demand in some of the key Asian markets, particularly Korea and China that we sell some of our products to. So that was a more challenging area. I mean, typically, for the last four years, you've seen International deliver top line and bottom line double-digit growth, and we clearly haven't done that the last couple of quarters. So we need to turn that around. But notwithstanding that, I mean, China is growing double-digits, SKIPPY is growing double-digits. So we're very high on what International should be able to achieve overall.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thank you for the added color.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks for the question. I guess, a couple questions. One is that I definitely understand the declining export environment into China. And, I guess, my concern had been that it might lead to excess supplies domestically. And certainly you're already seeing the price of cuts of pork falling quite a bit. Jeff, is there any concern that the declining values could lead to more, I guess, price competition for bacon and for cold cuts, and then threaten the spreads that you're getting on the value-added side, and then perhaps even the packing spreads as well?
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: So Jeff's pointing at me, Rob.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: She's our resident expert.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Yes. I do agree. Hog supplies are up and prices are low, which have been a benefit to our value-added franchises, and we do have some items that are considered more supply chain such as bacon and ham that will move with pricing, but we've been able to maintain a nice margin profile. And then we have a lot of our portfolio that just doesn't move quite as rapidly with changes in market conditions such as the items Jeff called out being pepperoni and the party tray business. We're fully expecting hog supplies to continue to increase for the balance of the year. Exports will remain a wild card, if you will. I think the USDA is calling for them to be up over 4% for the year when they're down 4% through June. So we'll see if that happens or not. Pork operating margins have been lower than last year. We saw extremely high results last year in our third quarter. We're expecting them to be, say, neutral to our results for the fourth quarter. So that's kind of my take on the pork markets. Hopefully I answered all your questions.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. I mean, to the degree that it's possible. I guess as you look at fiscal 2016, is it fair to say that you could still have a very, very strong year in Refrigerated just because of the value-added pricing powers there or is it kind of a year where you're like, well, maybe it's kind of more of a normalized year? Because your margins are well above your normalized levels and that was just my thinking about 2016.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: So, right now we are just in the beginning of putting together our assumptions and market conditions for our 2016 planning process. So, I really can't even comment on what we're thinking at this point in time. We do continue to believe that our value-added franchises should continue to grow as well as provide nice margin results. So, we'll give you an update on 2016 on our next call.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. I'll get back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Diane.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: So, I wanted to ask about Applegate, which I appreciate you've owned for about 30 days. But you did give some commentary on your expectations for fiscal 2015 I think net neutral to EPS this year. As you make your way through the transition process of bringing that on to your books, et cetera, is there anything that you've seen would makes you more excited or less excited? And then, Jody, I wanted to ask on the debt that you took on for that. I think you said short-term, so I think there's a bit contingent of us on the Street that's looking for you guys to really kind of lever up your balance sheet. But to me, it sounds like you've taken on some short-term debt to fund that and you probably will pay that off with cash flow in the next 12 months. Is that how we should be thinking about that? I'm just trying to model your interest heading into 2016.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'll take the first part. We're still very excited about Applegate. As you point out, I mean, it's been a month, counting today, and if you really look at the quarterly results, I mean, you're talking barely even a couple of weeks of results. However, if you just look at the general business trends, they're still rocking along at double-digit growth rates and we're very excited about the ability of that franchise to connect with consumers. A lot of activity has been going on in terms of getting the teams to meet each other and seeing if there are opportunities to take advantage of each other's capabilities. But we're still very high on what Applegate should be able to deliver for us in Q4 and beyond.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: So, as far as the debt, you are correct. We are expecting to have any outstanding amounts repaid in 2016, I would say mid-year, which leaves us with a very good balance sheet capable of taking on other opportunities and we continue to look for strategic investments, whether it's internally or externally through acquisitions.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Great. And then, just a quick question on JOTS and AI. I mean, you're repopulating. It sounds like you'd be fully repopulated by the end of the fourth quarter. Is there less risk during this upcoming migration? Because the wild birds are going from the northern tier to the southern tier or do you – are you at all concerned that there's going to be sort of another kind of flurry of AI activity that would put those newly repopulated birds at risk for contagion again. I'm just trying to – sounds like you're filling up the barns and there's a little bit of risk associated with that. I mean, what are you feeling about that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think your last line just summed it up very well. We are filling up the barns but there clearly is at least a little bit of risk associated with that. We've heard a similar theory as to perhaps birds go south faster than they come north and they may not linger as long in the areas, and so that might be a positive factor. But I mean, at this point, it's just such a wild card. I mean, this was an unprecedented incident already. We're trying to learn from it, the government's trying to learn from it. It could hit other parts of the country, it could hit another time of the year, it could go away, it could come back in a smaller manner. And so, we're trying to be ready for any contingency. And the best I can tell you right now is we haven't had a system outbreak since early June and that frankly even if something did hit this fall, it won't affect 2015 results. Because I mean, you just wouldn't see the loss of bird flow that quickly. But by the time we're talking again in November, we should have a much better sense of whether something seems to be occurring on a fall basis this year or not and what potential impact that might have. Even if nothing occurs, however, and as we indicated the last call, I mean with the 22-week lifespan and with egg shortages and so forth, I mean, we're expecting volume struggles even in the first half of next year until we cycle through this.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you for the additional color.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Jason M. Fraprie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. This is Jason filling in for Adam.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jason.
Jason M. Fraprie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, Grocery volumes were flat year-over-year in 3Q after falling 3% to 5% for the prior four quarters? Do you think this is reflective of easy comps or some of the efforts that you've made to stabilize volumes in that segment?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we'd like to think the latter, but I mean, I would acknowledge there's some element of the former going on. The Grocery results continue to be – I mean, you really have to kind of read them carefully in the sense that one of the things we pull out is the Fresherized sales. But when you pull out sort of both years' worth of Fresherized sales, I mean, you're neglecting the fact that that's one of our fastest growing franchises. That's a double-digit gainer when you look at it on a apples-to-apples basis. So, we're excited about that. We had double-digit gains from HORMEL chili this quarter. We had gains from Dinty Moore and Mary Kitchen hash. So it's all – a number of items doing quite well. SPAM was down slightly after last quarter being up 10%, so that franchise overall, I'm really quite content with where they're headed. So overall – and then SKIPPY had a good quarter which we're happy to see. Overall, I think that the trend for Grocery is positive. I'm happy to see the changes that have been made.
Jason M. Fraprie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. This is Patrick filling in for Ken.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Patrick.
Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States): You kind of touched on this earlier. Can you discuss or give a little bit more color on the pricing environment across some of your key categories, especially with the input prices declining? I guess is promotional and pricing activity picking up or which category you should see limited pricing?
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Sure. Obviously those items that are more supply-chain related, bacon and ham, would have it as well as any fresh items, our flavored fresh items, and small amount of commodity will move with the marketplace. We do have a large foodservice business. Some of those contracts have levers that react to marketplaces. But, I think the team has done a really nice job of looking at really stressing and selling the innovative items that we have in the marketplace and those have a tendency to not be as volatile to commodity price movements.
Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. And just a quick follow-up. I guess, we were expecting your deli customers to switch from high-priced turkey breasts to hams. That hasn't really played out. Do you expect that to happen sometime soon over the next couple of months, next year? What are your thoughts on that? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, it's not just a matter of the price. I mean, realistically, we have seen within both the Hormel deli group and the Jennie-O deli group, we've not been able to fill orders on a complete basis. We've been on an allocation to customers, an allocation internally. And so, clearly, we've made the effort to try to convert some of those sales into ham-based items, and we've seen some of that go on. But, overall, it's not just the price that's constraining our ability to service the deli with turkey right now.
Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mario.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I just wanted to ask, first, in the Jennie-O Turkey segment, can you confirm how much, I guess, of the volume loss, how much of that was loss of your supply versus external purchases that sort of helped bridge the gap? And then I guess in addition to that, as far as the EBIT headwinds, how much of that was volume deleveraged versus, again, the higher cost of these external purchases?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, on the first question, I mean, I can give you – it's not exactly an apples-to-apples, but it'll give you directionally what we're talking about. I mean, the bird loss, if you will, ended the system near 20%. And then when you netted it out and there's some price differential here, I mean, it was a 12% sales drop. So, we were able to buy in some meat, mostly on the dark meat side during the quarter in order to try to mitigate that effect. And we're looking at similar levels for Q4 realistically. In terms of the EBITDA drop, I mean, I really don't have a way of quantifying exactly what's what. I mean, there were some costs in the live production system that were reimbursed by the government. There were some costs that weren't. When you're that short in volume in your plants, that creates all sorts of overhead issues. When you literally don't have products to sell, I mean, you're losing that margin and that volume. So there were all those factors combined that moved us down from the kind of run rate Jennie-O had been operating at to what we thought we would hit and what we did hit this quarter.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I see. And then one follow-up, moving to the Refrigerated Foods segment. There has been some consolidation in the pork industry, a couple of your key competitors, looks like there's a pending consolidation going on there. Is there any impact on your strategy? I mean, how does – does that change the way that you fit into the industry? What are your thoughts on that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think it really does. I mean, our philosophy when it comes to pork is we do want to control our own destiny and we have for years, so even years ago when Oscar Mayer and Sara Lee chose to get out of being vertical in hog processing and rely on others for their meat supply, we made the decision to stick with it. And frankly, as the industry consolidates, to me that decision is even more firm that we need to be able to control our own destiny. That being said, we've never tried to be one of the big players when it comes to pork slaughter. And so, we're still four, five, six, somewhere in that range, and I would expect us to stay there.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go to another question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Wow. Look how fast this call goes without Akshay around.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: He'll be back next quarter. I'm sure he's listening to it. Hi, Akshay.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Sure he is. But, SKIPPY, just one point of question here. In the Nielsen data it did not show really much growth at all in SKIPPY, and you had said it had a really good quarter. So is there something that we're not seeing there, maybe some alternative products that are doing well on test or channels that are not being measured?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I probably should let Jana follow up with you rather than speculate on that. I just know in terms of our shipment data domestically, it was a solid quarter both for volume and net sales. Outside of the U.S. it was a double-digit gain, but that wouldn't be – being reflected in the data you're looking at. But why don't I let her give you some added color as to the match-up of Nielsen versus the shipments.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: It would seem at this time, we have no further questions.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, I'd like to just make a little concluding statement. 2015 is shaping up to be an excellent year in terms of earnings growth for the company. Based on the increased non-GAAP earnings guidance range of $2.57 to $2.63 per share, we would expect to deliver a 15% to 18% earnings increase over our record performance in fiscal 2014. Our balanced business model has again allowed us to limit volatility in a challenging supply situation, while our experienced team has demonstrated their ability to navigate changing market conditions and continue to drive growth. Thank you, all, for joining us today.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-05-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jana L. Haynes - Director-Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP
Analysts: Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Lubi J. Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Rachel N. Nabatian - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Jana Haynes, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jana L. Haynes - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2015. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter; then Jody will share detailed financial results for the quarter; the line will be opened for questions following Jody's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional queries, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:00 AM, Central Time today, May 20, 2015. The dial-in number is 888-203-1112 and the access code is 3883596. The audio replay will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and outbreaks of disease among livestock and poultry flocks. Please refer to pages 29 through 36 in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 25, 2015 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, everyone. We announced record second quarter earnings this morning of $0.67 per share, up 29% over last year. Segment operating profit increased by 29% with all 5 segments registering gains this quarter. We also generated record sales of $2.3 billion, an increase of 2% over last year on a 5% volume increase. In terms of segment performance, Refrigerated Foods grew segment profit 52%, driven by strong performance by our value-added businesses and lower pork input costs. Segment sales were down 8% this quarter despite a 1% volume increase. Lower sales were primarily due to pricing decreases on items such as bacon, driven by declining pork market values. Additionally, the dissolution of our Precept Foods joint venture announced at the beginning of the year impacts Refrigerated Foods segment sales by approximately 2.5% each quarter in fiscal 2015. We enjoyed strong sales of many of our value-added items during the quarter, including retail sales of HORMEL pepperoni, HORMEL GATHERINGSTM party trays and Lloyd's Ribs. Foodservice sales of HORMEL BACON 1 fully cooked bacon, OLD SMOKEHOUSE bacon, and HORMEL pizza toppings also delivered solid growth. We launched a new AUSTIN BLUES competition-style barbecue meats line in the Foodservice channel this quarter as we continue to drive innovation in the category. Grocery Products segment profit increased 1% on a 1% increase in sales. Segment results were aided by lower pork input costs along with strong sales growth from SPAM luncheon meat and WHOLLY GUACAMOLE dips. Sales volumes of SKIPPY peanut butter grew this quarter, benefiting from our new advertising campaign, however, dollar sales decreased as a result of the category price decline earlier this year pressuring segment margins. Sales of HORMEL COMPLEATS microwave meals were lower this quarter. Grocery Products continues to drive sales by leveraging our iconic brands in new and innovative ways. We recently kicked off the coast-to-coast SPAMERICAN Tour with our food truck travelling to popular events across the country this summer, featuring SPAM creations by Food Network Chef, Sunny Anderson. Our Specialty Foods segment reported an operating profit increase of 11% and a sales increase of 32%, largely led by the recently acquired CytoSport business. During the second quarter, we announced that we will be closing the Benicia, California CytoSport manufacturing facility in June and moving portions of the production to our Century Foods operation in Wisconsin and to a third party facility near Benicia. The planned closure of the facility negatively impacted second quarter segment results by $4.5 million. The team continues to achieve additional distribution of our MUSCLE MILK protein-rich products, delivering gains in the club, food, drug and mass and convenience channels this quarter. International and other segment profit increased 2%, while sales fell 7%. Improved joint venture results were mostly offset by lower exports, a result of port issues and a strong U.S. dollar during the quarter. We did experience higher sales of SPAM luncheon meat gift packs, which are popular gifts in South Korea during celebration of the Lunar New Year. Meat sales in our China operations were also up, primarily driven by growth in the Foodservice business. Jennie-O Turkey Store increased segment profit 41% and grew sales 15%. Results were driven by robust sales of value-added products and lower grain and fuel costs as compared to last year. Sales growth was led by Jennie-O lean ground turkey and Jennie-O rotisserie turkey. The Midwest began experiencing significant outbreaks of highly pathogenic avian influenza in late March. To date, approximately 55 farms have been impacted that were to supply Jennie-O Turkey Store with turkeys. While we experienced modest financial impact from the outbreak in the second quarter, Jennie-O Turkey Store is estimating a loss of approximately 15% of second half sales. This sizeable estimated loss of volume is not only due to bird losses over the past month, but also takes into account the fact that many of our barns remain empty under quarantine. Due to lack of internal turkey supply, we will be purchasing some additional meat from external sources but at a higher cost. We are also planning for lower sales as we are forced to rationalize some business. As a result of the turkey supply shortages, on May 5, we regrettably announced a temporary layoff of our second shift employees at our Faribault, Minnesota facility. We look forward to welcoming our team members back when bird numbers and production levels return to normal. Our team is working closely with government agencies and other organizations as they study this virus and work to control the spread. As always, employee safety and food safety are top priorities in our organization, and we remain focused on safety even as we work through these unprecedented challenges. Looking ahead to the second half, operating margins of Jennie-O Turkey Store will be significantly challenged due to the impacts of avian influenza on our turkey supply chain, reducing expected segment operating margins in the back half to the 10% to 12% range. Refrigerated Foods should continue to benefit from strong value-added sales and lower input costs, although segment earnings growth is expected to be less robust in light of difficult comparisons to last year's third quarter. We look for Grocery Products to deliver strong segment profit growth in the back half, benefiting from lower input costs, and softer prior year comparisons. Specialty Foods is positioned for strong performance in the second half as the team has realized synergies, achieved distribution gains and ignited innovation in the recently acquired Muscle Milk business. We expect our International segment to deliver growth in the second half as well with improved export sales and solid results from our China business. Based on our assessment of the impact of avian influenza on Jennie-O Turkey Store to date, and given that Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store segments delivered excellent results in the first half, we are maintaining our fiscal 2015 adjusted guidance range of $2.50 to $2.60 per share, but expect full year earnings to be near the lower end of this range. Our balanced business model provides Hormel Foods the ability to navigate challenges, such as this year's unprecedented turkey supply shortage and continue to deliver consistent growth over the long term. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the second quarter.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2015 totaled $180.2 million, or $0.67 per share, compared to $140.1 million, or $0.52 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the second quarter totaled $2.28 billion, compared to $2.24 billion last year, a 2% increase. Sales excluding the incremental impact of CytoSport and MegaMex products were down 3%. Lower pork prices, the dissolution of the Precept Foods joint venture, lower exports and the price reduction on SKIPPY peanut butter products were the primary drivers. Volume for the second quarter was 1.29 billion pounds, increasing 5% from the same period last year. Tonnage was up 1% excluding the incremental impact of CytoSport and MegaMex products. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were 8.3% of sales, up from 7.4% last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses were higher this year due to employee-related expenses along with higher advertising expense. For the full year, we expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be between 7.5% and 7.8% of sales. Advertising expense for the quarter was $39.5 million, compared to $34.8 million last year. The increase was due mostly to advertising expense at CytoSport for the MUSCLE MILK brand, which was acquired last August. Equity and earnings of affiliates was $7.9 million in the second quarter versus $3.6 million last year. The increase is largely the result of prior year incentive expenses related to the Fresherized Foods acquisition not repeated this year, and also savings associated with the exit of the international joint ventures last quarter. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.1 million, unchanged from last year. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 34.6% versus 34% in fiscal 2014. For fiscal 2015 full year, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 34% and 35%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 264 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 270.4 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $33 million versus $31.9 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 million in fiscal 2015. Total long term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, unchanged from last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $27.3 million, down $12.7 million compared to last year. For fiscal 2015, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $165 million to $180 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to Hanna for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Hanna?
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Adam
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, I guess the first question in Jennie-O, I want to understand – it seems like, Jeff, the details you gave about a $0.09 to $0.12 or so EPS impact in the second half from AI guidance and the full-year range maintained despite moving towards the low end. First, help us bridge what got better in the rest of the business as you think about the outlook that has allowed you to maintain the EPS range.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the first half has been a very strong half for us. Q1, as you recall we were able to raise the guidance range at the conclusion of Q1. Q2 was also a very strong quarter for us. And honestly, but the for the avian influenza incident, we would be talking to you today about raising the guidance range. So, clearly that provided some momentum. I also have the expectation that the other four business segments will generate positive results year-over-year during the second quarter and we'll then be able to offset much of what's going on at Jennie-O for the half.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, that's great. And maybe at Jennie-O specifically, I want to – the guidance – is it – I mean does it reflect kind of the status quo today? I know no more – no further cases of AI in Minnesota or in your facilities or does it give you some cushion for some further outbreaks? And how do you think about the impact into 2016 at this point as you still have to get the barns repopulated and potential volume impact as it slips into next year?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We did attempt to bake in at least some sense of, okay, if there's some added percolation going on, there where there might be another outbreak or two and indeed, if you look at it over the last two weeks, we had one fairly significant barn complex encountered the disease. So, we have tried to factor in that somewhat, but also are expecting that the thing should slow down during the summer. The fall is a wildcard in terms of if and when it comes back. In terms of next year, and we really are not in a position to give you any quantifiable new range for Jennie-O or for the whole company for that matter. We're just beginning our planning process. But I do believe it would be fair to say that at this point, the outlook for the first half of the year for Jennie-O Turkey Store should be somewhat subdued based on the issues that you've raised. I mean, it is going to take them some time to get back into full production. I just – I can't tell you whether that 10% to 12% range though that we gave you for the second half is the right range for the first half yet, but it probably will be something short of what we experienced this year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And maybe just quickly on that point. The repopulation of the barns, can you walk us through the timeline there? Just help us think through how long it will take to get your volume back to where it was in March?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I can't really give you any precision with that because we're in somewhat new territory. We're working with the government on that. It's going to depend in part upon the continuation of no outbreaks for a timeframe. We do understand that there's recently in Wisconsin the repopulation of a chicken-based facility, so it wasn't one of ours, but – so the process is at least beginning. But I really can't give that to you with great precision, I mean other than to tell you, obviously once we do get the poults in barn, I mean it's 22 weeks after that before we would be bringing them to the manufacturing facility for our tom based turkeys.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Great. Thanks very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could we talk about your Refrigerated Foods business? The results there were exceptional. How sustainable are the results in the second quarter? How long do you think the hog commodity tailwind is going to benefit you? And how are you thinking of product innovation in that segment?
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Wow, you loaded a lot of questions into one there, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's all one, yeah.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: She is counting it as one. The hogs, we expect supply to be up 5% to 6% for the year, so I would assume, particularly given the extremely high comps that we had last year due to the disease issues in the industry, that we'll see some reasonable hog prices, so that's a good thing. Domestic demand seems to be pretty robust at this point in time. We do see that exports have fallen a bit so we'll keep an eye on that. But it's really our value-added businesses that are driving the results for Refrigerated Foods. They didn't have a big benefit from any pork operating margins this quarter. It really was the value-added side of the portfolio that was delivering for them. They came in above our guided range, but we'll continue to monitor given the amount of volatility that can occur in that segment. So, I'm not willing to call that this is the new norm going forward. And innovation?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I just would mention – I mean we received notice here recently that both the REV product and our WHOLLY GUACAMOLE minis were named IRI Pacesetter Top 100 New Items from kind of the last 12 to 18 months of introduction. Our Foodservice group has really enjoyed some excellent results with their BACON 1 product and also their Fire Braised meats, so innovation still is a key component to what we're seeing for success for Refrigerated Foods and our other segments.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Great. And then in terms of CytoSport, that acquisition was expected to be roughly $0.05 accretive to EPS this year. Is it on track, is it ahead or behind pace?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, the first quarter was probably slightly behind. The second quarter, if you look at operating results, we were very happy with the results. They did have the additional $4 million plus charge as we made the decision to close the Benicia plant. Over time, that should enhance operating returns and heading into next year then hopefully, we'll be able to increase on that. But we're still comfortable with that number.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: So still around that $0.05 number?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: For this year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Diane.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: I wanted to ask on the Turkey business, so could you give us an idea about given where things stand today, and obviously can't know about future outbreaks if that happens, but what you expect industry production volumes to be this year down kind of year-on-year for the full year? And then I was also curious to know, do you expect sort of ramped up CapEx to maybe, I don't know, fortify your positions around the barns or whatever to protect from potential future outbreaks? I know we don't get high path AI very often, I think the last outbreak was over 10 years ago. But I guess I'm just curious – it seems to have decimated turkeys and I guess table egg layers. And so, I guess the question is should the industry be spending more to defend against potential future outbreaks and would that include you as well?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Both good questions. On the expected turkey volumes. I mean, I can tell you the USDA has not modified their number from the 3% to 4% increase that they expected for the industry. I mean, given our experience and given that we're sort of tied for one of the lead players in terms of volume in the industry, I guess I have a hard time seeing how those numbers happen if we're going to be short 20% in terms of at least turkeys coming into our system and about 15% net of the meat we're going to have to buy. So, I don't have an adjusted total industry number for you, but I guess I'm skeptical as to the industry's ability to hit that 3% to 4% gain number. In terms of ramped up CapEx, I think the theory that you've laid out is probably correct. We're still a little too early to know exactly what might be required. But in talking with APHIS and just kind of studying, okay, what are better ways to potentially prevent this in the future. And also given the fact that there seems to have been airborne introduction this time, and so that may cause some added fan and ventilation requirements that will be different than what we've done in the past. I think it probably would be safe to assume some additional level of CapEx spending, but I don't have any ability to tell you whether – what the delta is versus normal either for Jennie-O or for the total company heading into next year.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Is the AI outbreak covered under any insurance plan you might have, business interruption or any other – or is it seen as sort of an act of God and is non-insurable?
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: It's a non-insurable event, although as it has been in the press, the government helps farmers with birds that they have to euthanize.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Eric Larson with Janney Capital Markets.
Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yes. Thanks for taking the question, and good morning, everyone.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Eric.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Good morning.
Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Jeff, just kind of a strategic question with Jennie-O. I mean, obviously your production is highly concentrated and it is highly efficient obviously with your manufacturing facilities in the upper Midwest, Minnesota. Is there any thought that maybe you should geographically diversify some of your production over time? I mean maybe via an acquisition somewhere that gives you – maybe try to get off the Mississippi flyway or some other thing. I mean, does this prompt some different thoughts strategically how you might run the business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I guess I would concede that this is – given this unprecedented and rare incident that's kind of exposed a little bit an Achilles' heel to the strategy of being very centralized. It had been a tremendous advantage in the past in terms of just knowledge of feed within an area and growing practices, the ability to move meat from plant to optimize products and so forth. And indeed, all of our facilities are either in Minnesota or Wisconsin. So, whether this is something that then prompts a change in that, we're still on the triage mode right now and I guess that's something on a strategic long-term basis I'll be talking with the team about. But it's a valid question.
Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay, thanks. And then just back to the Refrigerated division again, it's very impressive to see the fact that your hog prices are so low, but you're able to hold your pricing at retail with your value-added products. Can you give us a rough idea of what percent of your Refrigerated volume today would be, quote, value added? And I don't know how you want to define that necessarily, whether it's your all marinated products and flavored products. And is there a way that we can think about that, that helps us – because it looks like it's a longer-term positive margin shift for you that's become more apparent in the last 12 months.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: So, I think we've discussed before that about 70% of our Refrigerated Foods portfolio would be considered value-added. But understand included in that 70% would even be things that have pricing that's more market-driven such as bacon and hams and our marinated fresh meat. And even on the Foodservice side, some of the contracts they have for items are driven by market forces. So, yeah, the team has performed well, they have a focus on providing great value for our customers, but also making sure that there's a margin left for us.
Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mario.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: In terms of M&A, how is the company's acquisition pipeline relative to recent quarters? And then secondly, does the increased company resources focused on avian flu limit the company's interest in pursuing M&A, at least in the near-term?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I guess from a pipeline standpoint, I mean, we're – I don't have anything different to report than normal. I mean, we certainly have a track record of generating growth through M&A along with our product innovations and doing a better job with our traditional items. And we continue to look for both family-owned businesses and institutional properties that might come out, but I don't have anything to report specifically on that. In terms of AI, clearly it is a time-consuming challenge, particularly for the Jennie-O Turkey Store team, but it's not having any impact in terms of our overall team's ability to seek out M&A opportunities, nor would it have any issues in regard to our ability to finance such a transaction.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then, just as a follow-up, I guess maybe stepping back a little bit, there's been a pretty significant or increasing industry focus on ZBB and overhead reductions. So, how do you feel about Hormel's overall overhead spending? And do you anticipate any changes to the company's strategy regarding that?
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Well, I do not plan to announce any special cost reduction initiative. I think that's kind of the culture that we live by day-by-day. We always run a pretty lean operation with a lot of processes in place such as Jeff signing off on any salaried employee that's being added to the payroll. So, everything gets a pretty difficult look. We do – I would argue that we already have been doing zero-based budgeting for many years, but we just didn't call it that. So, I'm pleased with the initiatives we have underway with the constant look at expenses and keeping things in line.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Lubi J. Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning. This is actually Lubi on for Akshay. Just with regards to your Jennie-O outlook for the second half, can you just talk a little bit about how we should be thinking about the cadence between third quarter and fourth quarter? I mean, will it be fairly evenly distributed, or do you think things sort of get progressively worse before stabilizing again?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I mean, they're both significantly challenged and to a pretty close level, is our best shot at it right now. And we're short the birds already in terms of what's been going on over the last several weeks, so we're in it.
Lubi J. Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you. And then, could you provide us maybe an update on how SKIPPY performed during the quarter domestically and internationally, and also REV Wraps? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. SKIPPY on a domestic basis, we were pleased that we returned to volume growth and expect that to continue going forward. We did see with the price decline, our net sale number was down. And as I mentioned in the introductory comments, that did squeeze our operating margins a little bit on SKIPPY. We're happy, thus far, with the performance of the ad campaign. We've been able to see demonstrable results in advertised markets that were enhanced over the non-advertised markets. And we also continue to look for new product innovation, and we'll have some things to show the marketplace later this year in that regard in terms of the SKIPPY brand. Outside of the United States, so far, our experience in China has been – it's kind of an up and down quarter-to-quarter business. The second quarter wasn't particularly strong this last quarter, but in visiting with the team, they're very comfortable that they will see overall growth in terms of the SKIPPY international portfolio for the second half of the year as they have programs in place to generate that. In terms of REV, we're kind of making a little bit of a transition with that product. We, upon advice of some of our trade customers, we've changed the case, we've changed the product packaging somewhat. We're trying to attain a price point that we think is going to be able to stimulate the next wave of growth for that item. And so, second quarter kind of was the transition quarter for that. The new products are now in the marketplace and then we're complementing that with a new ad campaign that just launched at the very end of April. And early reads on that are positive, but we'll be able to give you that full report when Q3 is done.
Lubi J. Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Rachel Nabatian with Credit Suisse.
Rachel N. Nabatian - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Rachel N. Nabatian - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So I wanted to ask about the normalized margin range for Refrigerated Foods. With demand for protein being quite strong and pork input costs going longer due to the rising supplies, isn't this pretty much an ideal scenario for the Refrigerated Foods division and maybe even Grocery? And do you think that we can assume that margins can stay at the high end of this normalized range for quite some time?
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: I think I addressed it earlier, but never hurts to reemphasize. We're certainly pleased with how the value-added portfolio within Refrigerated Foods delivered for this quarter. But given the fact that we have pork operating margins, as well as a component of commodity sales within that portfolio, we're still sticking to our 5% to 8% range, and when we see that, that's been sustained for a period of time then we'll take a relook at it. The guidance we've given is for over the longer term and through different types of market cycles. So I would expect that the value-added piece should still keep going. Grocery Products definitely should benefit from lower pork input prices particularly on the SPAM family of products, and that should help drive their results in the back half.
Rachel N. Nabatian - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. And then the pork packing margins that we track has been very good so far this year. Can you just remind us how this – how the pork processing trend (33:38) flows through your Refrigerated Foods business and how maybe excess supply might benefit that business later on in the year?
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: So, it's all in – the pork packing margins, or the pork operating margins, as we call it, are included in the Refrigerated Foods. And, yes, they were – they have been lower than last year. Part of that is due to the – what they call the dropped credits, the parts of the animal that traditionally are sold overseas. And with the port issues and the continued strong dollar, we've seen those values go down. So, I think that's impacted the whole industry. I would expect that some of that may pick up in the back half, as we work through the port issues. I'm not recalling the last part of your question.
Rachel N. Nabatian - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Oh, yeah, I was just wondering if maybe there was too much supply, if that might be a benefit for the processing operations.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Usually, we like to see – low hog prices are the best thing for our operating divisions.
Rachel N. Nabatian - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue. I'd like to turn it back over to the speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, this is Jeff. I just wanted to conclude by saying we're very pleased with the record second quarter earnings we were able to announce today. While the next few months certainly will be challenging for our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment, we will look to our experienced team and our balanced business model to deliver a successful year in fiscal 2015. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-02-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jana L. Haynes - Director-Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP
Analysts: Jason M. Fraprie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Hormel Foods' Corporation First Quarter Conference Call on 2/19/2015. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jana Haynes. Please go ahead.
Jana L. Haynes - Director-Investor Relations: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods earnings conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2015. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter; then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter; the line will be opened for questions following Jody's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional queries, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11.00 AM Central Time today, February 19, 2015. The dial-in number is 888-203-1112 and the access code is 7062923. It will be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 26 through 30 in the company's Annual Report for the fiscal year ended October 26, 2014 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors additional information to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We're off to an excellent start to our fiscal year with adjusted net earnings up 22% from a year ago, on record first-quarter sales of $2.4 billion, a 7% increase over last year. In terms of segment performance, Refrigerated Foods delivered a 19% increase in operating profit on a 1% sales increase. Our food service group achieved strong sales of branded items such as HORMEL BACON 1 fully cooked bacon, HORMEL pizza toppings and MENUMASTER hams. Meat products grew retail sales of HORMEL GATHERINGS Party Trays, HORMEL pepperoni and Hormel Natural Choice lunch meat. In addition to this value-added product growth, lower than anticipated hog prices were a nice tailwind for the segment during this quarter. The combination of lower feed cost, a more mild winter and a fairly quick rebound from the PED virus that plagued the industry over the past year is resulting in an increasing domestic hog supply. Pork remained an excellent relative value to consumers, and we continue to see solid demand from our customers. While we drove growth in our value-added Refrigerated Foods businesses, our overall sales increase was only 1% and volume was down 3%. We reduced harvest levels by 2% compared to last year, as certain market conditions did not support volume increases for much of the quarter. Also, as we announced on our last call, we dissolved our Precept Foods joint venture, which resulted in lower sales and volumes this quarter. Jennie-O Turkey Store delivered impressive growth this quarter, exceeding our expectations with segment profit up 56% and sales up 10% compared to last year. Results were driven by value-added sales and excellent execution throughout the segment, along with favorable commodity turkey prices and lower feed cost. Jennie-O lean ground turkey, rotisserie turkey and premium seasoned deli turkey led sales growth this quarter. We continue to support and build the Jennie-O brand though our Make the Switch media campaign which began running in new U.S. markets in January. Grocery Products adjusted segment profit decreased 8% this quarter, with sales up 2%. High meat input costs and varied pricing actions in key categories hampered the growth of some of our brands. Products including SKIPPY peanut butter and Hormel chili were down this quarter. On the positive side, our SPAM family of products, Wholly Guacamole dips and Herdez salsas and sauces grew nicely during the quarter. Grocery Products is dedicated to strengthening our brand through advertising and merchandising support with campaigns running in the first half of the year for SKIPPY peanut butter, Hormel chili, and Hormel Compleats microwave meals. Out Specialty Foods segment reported an operated profit decrease of 13% and a sales increase of 34%. Excluding sales of CytoSport products, sales were up 3%. The lower operating profit was primarily driven by reduced contract manufacturing business during the quarter, which offset the incremental CytoSport results. Specialty Foods achieved solid distribution gains from Muscle Milk protein nutrition products in the food, drug and mass channel over the past quarter. International & Other adjusted segment profit increased 6%, with solid increases from both our retail and food service businesses in China, offset in part by lower results from SPAM exports due to high input costs and transportation challenges. First quarter sales for International were up 17%, benefiting from strong growth in China, increased SKIPPY peanut butter sales, and the addition of the SKIPPY China business. Looking ahead to the rest of fiscal, we believe hog and grain costs will remain favorable. We expect the high turkey commodity prices, which have been beneficial over the last several months, to trend down as the year progresses. We anticipate sales of our value-added products in Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store will remain strong throughout the year. Lower meat prices will provide input cost relief for some of our Grocery Products categories after we work through higher-cost inventories. Specialty Foods will maintain its focus on maximizing CytoSport synergies, gaining distribution, igniting innovation and building the Muscle Milk brand to drive segment growth. We continue to expect the CytoSport business to deliver the $0.05 per share earnings accretion we have previously guided. We look for Grocery Products and Specialty Foods segments to contribute to our growth goals in the back half of the fiscal year. We expect International to build on its growth trajectory in China with some challenges to its export business over the next few months, offsetting a portion of that growth. Due to our strong performance in the first quarter, we are raising our fiscal 2015 adjusted earnings guidance range, excluding the non-recurring charges, from $2.45 to $2.55 per share up to $2.50 to $2.60 per-share. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the first quarter.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. On a GAAP basis net earnings for the first quarter of fiscal 2015 totaled $171.7 million, up 12% over last year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.64, a 12% increase. Excluding non-recurring charges, non-GAAP adjusted net earnings for the first quarter of fiscal 2015 totaled $187.3 million, up 22% from net earnings of $153.3 million last year. Non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.69, up 21% compared to $0.57 per share a year ago. The first quarter included pre-tax non-recurring charges of $10.5 million related to the Stockton, California, plant closure and $9.5 million for the exit of international joint venture businesses. Sales for the first quarter totaled $2.4 billion compared to $2.2 billion for the same period last year, a 7% increase. Volume for the first quarter was 1.3 billion pounds, up 3% from fiscal 2014. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were 7.5% of sales compared to 7.4% for the same period last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be between 7.5% and 7.8% of sales for fiscal 2015. Advertising expenses for the first quarter were $42.2 million compared to $36.1 million last year. The increase over the prior year was primarily associated with advertising for CytoSport products in the Specialty Foods segment. Equity in earnings of affiliates was $1.7 million in the first quarter versus $4.7 million last year. Charges associated with the exit of international joint venture businesses totaling $9.5 million offset improved performance from our MegaMex Foods joint venture. Interest and investment income was $1.1 million for the first quarter compared to $1.2 million last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.1 million, unchanged from last year. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 34.7% versus 34.4% in fiscal 2014. We expect the effective tax rate to be between 34% and 35% for fiscal year 2015. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the first quarter was 263.7 million shares. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the first quarter was 270.1 million shares. We did not repurchase shares during the first quarter. We have 8.2 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. Total debt at the end of the quarter was unchanged at $250 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $27.7 million compared to $37 million last year. For fiscal 2015 we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $175 million to $190 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $32.8 million compared to $31.8 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 million in fiscal 2015. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Steve?
Operator: Our first question is from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason M. Fraprie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. This is Jason filling in for Adam. First off, congratulations on the great quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jason.
Jason M. Fraprie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And I was hoping you could talk a bit about whether 1Q is in line with your internal expectations. I guess I'm curious on whether the guidance increase was more a function of the 1Q beat or kind of a stronger-than-expected remainder of the year. And if the latter, can you talk a bit about what's changed from your original outlook given lower pork prices and higher commodity chicken? Thanks. Or on turkey?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Yes, really the guidance range increase is pretty much recognizing the beat for the first quarter. As we look at the remainder of the year, we had a robust growth plan already submitted for the year. We're still confident that we should be able to deliver against that plan. There are things that are trending more strongly and there are things that are more challenging, but all in we're comfortable that this new range reflects our best estimate of where we think the year should turn out.
Jason M. Fraprie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Farha Aslam from Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning. Could you update us on your two acquisitions, the Hormel acquisition of SKIPPY as well as CytoSport? Are they performing in line with your expectations? Or do you think CytoSport's going to deliver that $0.05 accretion that you anticipated given that you're spending pretty heavily in the first quarter against that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. SKIPPY has been a wonderful acquisition for the company. Even this current quarter where we experienced some down sales in the grocery part of it, the domestic U.S. part, we really feel that's a short-term reaction to kind of the pricing activity going on within the category and we're still very, very bullish on the item long-term. We've done a good job of gaining new distribution. We have our new ad campaign that we have confidence in going forward. We are looking to create innovative products, the first of which are the SKIPPY Singles items out in the marketplace. And even this quarter SKIPPY on a international basis enjoyed very good results and we're pleased with where that's heading. CytoSport is also off to a good start. A lot of activity has gone on in these first few months of ownership. We've already seen some really significant sales achievements within the food, drug and mass channel that we frankly kind of knew that Hormel would be an advantage for us bringing that skill set to that brand. And we continue to bolster efforts in some of the other channels as well, the club and specialty channels. The team is hard at work at creating the right cost structure for that overall business. We're now running that business on a collaborative or combined basis with our previous Century Foods organization. That was a custom manufacturer within the sports nutrition world. And so we're definitely confident in the $0.05 accretion that we've called out for that business going forward.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. And then, as a follow-up, there's two businesses up for sale in the protein area. Can you just comment generally what you think about valuations and transactions in the food and protein space right now and Hormel's interest in M&A?
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Well, Farha, I'm not sure what two transactions you're talking about and we wouldn't comment on any specific businesses that are available. But still go back to the things that we're looking for in acquisitions and really to meet the platforms of global, certainly things that have an international component are very attractive. We've done some nice work in the snacking and on-the-go business. So meeting things that meet that criteria, better-for-you as well as things that can add accretion to our existing margin structure. We like number one and number two brands. And certainly anything that adds a component where we can bring some innovation is obviously attractive to us. So we continue to evaluate opportunities.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I just have two questions. One is on grocery, what are the prospects for the top line growth in that business? I know it struggled a little bit, but on the flipside is what are the key inputs that have broken your way in terms of – and what's the timing to which you're going to be able to realize some of those breaks in the input prices?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. On the top line side, we enjoyed really an excellent quarter on the MegaMex franchise, particularly the Herdez and Wholly brands and so those definitely should be superior delivery vehicles for Grocery Products going forward. Our expectation is that SKIPPY is going to be a solid growth contributor for our company and it has been every quarter that we've owned it, except for this one. And so we need to get through this price decrease activity that occurred during the quarter and move on and restore our growth there. We continue to enjoy growth with our SPAM product line, have good consumer marketing against that line and continue to add flavors. So overall, we're encouraged that Grocery Products should be able to deliver growth within its segment. On the input or more cost oriented side, I mean we were talking about probably the second half of the year is where we really expect Grocery Products to start showing significant year-over-year growth. That will come in part we think from the top line benefit of the ad campaigns that we referenced in our earlier comments. We're in a better raw material cost picture. When you look at churn (18:54) costs, for example, they're much more favorable right now than they were a year ago. And we're still working through some old inventory before we can fully reflect those, but that definitely will be a help. We should be in a better position in terms of our production resources following the closure of the Stockton plant and moving a couple of those lines as well as some new lines of production at Dubuque that we previously announced. So those are all reasons why we're bullish on the second half for Grocery Products on the input side.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): You expect to have volumes up in the back half of the year. Is that fair?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And then just, I guess, follow-up is, can you just talk about what is the impact of the West Coast port issues? Have you had any major impact? Did you foresee it? Do you think it's going to get resolved? Is it one-time in nature? Any sort of color on that. I know it's a loaded question, but just curious on that. Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean compared to a lot of companies, we're probably not as exposed, but we still do care about our International business and it's certainly a pain to have some of our important branded products being held up and not being able to deliver them to our customers in the marketplace. We're as hopeful as anyone that the thing will get resolved, but I don't know that I have any better perspective than anyone reading the paper can provide as to how likely that is to happen, but we're a little hand to mouth with some of our inventories right now in terms of shipping overseas, but in terms of total impact to the business, it has not been meaningful.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Larson from Janney Capital. Your line is open.
Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Nice quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Two questions. Margins in the turkey segment were obviously off the charts this quarter. Can you give us a little bit of help? I know that a year ago in the extremely cold weather that we had we just had crazy fuel costs, mainly in propane and even shortages. They were even hard to get it. Could you give – possibly quantify the potential year-over-year benefit you received Q1 from that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I can't put a price tag on that, Eric, but in terms of the trend, you're absolutely right. I mean not only was propane short, it was very expensive. So the market for the product is much better this year. On top of that we basically operate in Minnesota and Wisconsin. That's where all our turkey barns are. It has been relatively speaking a more mild winter here, so in terms of propane usage it's not been as significant. So those are both definitely benefits that have been part of what you described as sort of the off-the-chart performance by Jennie-O, coupled with commodity meat markets that have remained higher than we had thought they would, although they certainly are starting to trend back to a more normal level.
Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yes, obviously your commodity meat markets are going to have a much bigger impact. The next question is probably for Jody. Jody, in the quarter your year-over-year corporate expense line was down sharply. Was there a one-time issue in last year's number or was there a one-time positive issue this year or how should we look at corporate expense?
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: So I would say there were one-time positive issues this quarter. We had some miscellaneous sale of assets as well as some sales on (22:38) use tax refunds and that would get parked in that corporate line. So I would guess that last year is more representative of a going forward rate.
Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Diane Geissler from CLSA. Your line is open.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Diane.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Good morning.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Hey, I wanted to ask about your comments about the food service strength in the Refrigerated Foods group. Could you talk a little bit more about that? I think we've seen some improvement in comp trends recently in the restaurant space. So maybe your forecast and what you're hearing from your customer base that would be helpful?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Yes, we definitely have heard more positive commentary in terms of the general outlook for the marketplace. The lower gas prices seems to kind of play itself out fairly quickly within that segment in terms of traffic builds. We obviously hope and I think we've delivered over time performance over the trend line for the overall business. And I guess I would attribute that to some of the innovative new products that the team's come out with, including the BACON 1 that we're having good success with right away this year. And then also their focused approach on certain of the business segments, some of the non-commercial areas such as colleges and universities and healthcare that they've really been able to create new items for and really create some excellent relationships and service that again hopefully allow them to perform above that market trend.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then I wanted to ask a follow-up on Eric's question actually on the JOTS margins. So obviously very strong this quarter, but you did indicate that you felt that commodity prices would begin to soften as we move through the year. Can you just tell me what your expectations are for the margin structure in JOTS in the back half of the year, comparing your expectations on the commodity side versus what I think will still be beneficial raising cost year-on-year, not only the roll-through of the inventory in terms of the propane and terrible weather last year, et cetera, but also lower grain prices? I guess what I'm asking is when you look at the second half of the year, do you expect your JOTS margins to be above your normalized range or do you think the pricing dynamic will bring JOTS margins back into a normalized range?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We did provide heading into the year a new sense of what we thought was a normalized range of 13% to 17% and certainly acknowledge this quarter exceeded that. Now all the ranges we provided were annualized ranges. Jennie-O has historically had stronger profit delivery in the first quarter and the fourth quarter, and then as you get into the summer months the cost picture is a little more challenging typically and some of the demand changes. So it's hard to give you a quarter-by-quarter sense of that. I mean for the full year, we certainly expect Jennie-O will come in nearer to the top of the range than in the middle and they definitely still should enjoy the benefits on the grain side, but we expect less benefit in terms of the commodity meat performance.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks. Greetings from sunny Florida.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It's only two degrees up here, so...
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Oh, don't make me jealous. Don't make me jealous.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's my line.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes. But I think it's very rare that we get to see 9% volume growth in a meat business and you're seeing it in Jennie-O, and is it really a function of greater demand for value-added products that you're selling? Is it new customers that you brought along or is there a commodity element in that 9% as well?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, there is some commodity element, but we did enjoy solid high-single-digit growth really throughout the value-added pieces of Jennie-O. The most heralded part of the brand would be the retail products that we're enjoying excellent success on ground turkey, sold both in tray pack and chub forms that are being supported by the ad campaign, but also a nice quarter from the deli group, rotisserie and some other premium seasoned items. Food service also had a good quarter. So I think we do look at it as we've been able to spur greater demand for the value-added products. The consumers that have found the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand are trying more items and enjoying it more often. And while we've enjoyed really great growth, not just this year but over a number of years, when you look at overall household penetration, it's still very low. And so we think we've got all sorts of room to go. The trend toward health and wellness is certainly a tailwind that Jennie-O takes advantage of. And so I think we're well positioned to continue to grow this item.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So, when you say that the commodity benefits in turkey aren't going to stick around forever, are you also referring to that top-line number or are you just referring to the pricing in turkey has to fall due to – I don't know – increased supplies or something?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, our focus at Jennie-O is clearly trying to have a supply chain that delivers against the value-added portfolio. Although we've done a great job of creating items that utilizes dark meat portion of the turkey, the reality is, as with most companies, there is an element of that product line that ultimately ends up being exported or utilized in the non-value added form and it will probably, I don't want to say it will always be that way, but it's certainly been that way for the last 10, 15 years and it certainly is trending that way. So that aspect of it we think the dollar sales will definitely be lower because those prices are coming down on a market basis. But in terms of then the $1 billion plus worth that go out in a value-added form for Jennie-O, those we see holding their own even in this diminished marketplace for commodity.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I'm going to cheat with one follow-up. You raised your guidance $20 million or so pre-tax. How much of that do you think is just a commodity benefit and how much of it do you think is like really earned kind of value-added business? Is it possible to break that out?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think it is. I mean when you look at the total portfolio, I mean there's elements that Jennie-O probably had some commodity benefit, but there are other parts of the business that are still experiencing general input pressures frankly that diminish their usual returns. So I mean all in, we're all about our balanced model and we're comfortable that for the course of the year with that $0.05 we certainly attained for the first quarter and we expect to be able to hold our plan then for the rest of the year.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mario Contreras from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Good morning.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, I wanted ask in the Refrigerated Foods business, I guess looking at pork, their cutout values, the spread between the cutout values and live hog costs are bit wider than what they've been on a historical range. Is there anything in particular that you see driving this? And how do you see it playing out over the remainder of the year? Is it your expected normalization or is it still going to kind of remain a bit wider than where it's been historically?
Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Yes, this is Jody. We certainly have seen that spread remain high, although the year-over-year impact to Hormel was not significant. So that was not a big driver for our Refrigerated Foods business this quarter. And we'd expect them to be in more normalized ranges for the rest of the year. The hog prices have come down, but the value of the inputs have also come down and they've maintained that respective spread.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, in the International business, it looks like you confirm the exit of the Vietnam joint venture. I guess I wanted to ask is given that Asia has been kind of a focus in terms of you've talked in the past about wanting to expand there both organically and by M&A. Your experience in Vietnam, does that change your outlook in terms of what you want to do in that region from a growth perspective?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: A good question, Mario. No, it really doesn't. I mean maybe it's a refinement that we're going to just redouble our attention on the markets where we have enjoyed better success; China, Japan, the Philippines, Korea. And Vietnam, it's a combination of how that business was structured. We just were not able to find a way to profitability given its verticality. It was feed mills, pig farms, a meat processing business and then ultimately the sale into the marketplace. And after trying for several years in collaboration with our partner there we just decided, look, this doesn't seem to be working for us. And so we've sold our interest to the partner. But no, that should not be seen as a reflection of any sort of abandonment of Asia overall. We're still very high on that. We've been happy with our new plant in China that came onboard with SKIPPY and our ability to grow in Asia with that franchise as well as many of our meat franchises.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. Very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Larson from Janney Capital. Your line is open.
Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thanks, everyone. Thanks for the follow up. I was going to ask this and I didn't. Could you just give us – and you've talked about this in the past, Jeff, about (32:42) the opportunities with CytoSport for distribution gains. Can you give us a rough idea of what your ACV penetration is today across all the various channels? And then the one thing that CytoSport did bring to you where you didn't a lot of presence was access to the convenience channel, the C-store channel and I believe that was really with the liquid beverage product form for Muscle Milk. Can you give us an idea what we can look for more distribution gains or where we sit on that front?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, on the specifics of ACVs that's probably something maybe Jana could go over with you. I don't have those numbers with me right now, and it kind of does depend by channel. But I certainly can get to the second part of your question. We were fortunate within the convenient store channel to be partner with the Pepsi organization. They do a terrific job within that area. They've enjoyed being partners with the Muscle Milk team for a long time and have been really appreciative of the redoubled effort that we're now able to do to our new product innovation in that area. And so they see it as a growth vehicle for their distributors to utilize and we clearly see it as a growth area for us as well. It does enhance our overall knowledge of the C-store area and we kind of handle the food aspects of the C-store still with our own team with products such as our Don Miguel products and REV and those other types of items, but as we become larger within that segment that can only help in terms of our ability to develop the types of items that the C-store world is looking for.
Eric J. Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thanks, everyone. I'm really pleased with the opportunity to be able to talk about another record performance for the company this quarter. We recognize that there are still a number of challenges that face us this year, but I'm confident that our teams have the plans in place to drive continued growth for our shareholders. Thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-11-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Jana L. Haynes - Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, President and CEO Jody H. Feragen - EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Eric Larson - Janney Montgomery Scott Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Diane Geissler - CLSA Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse 
Operator:  Good day and welcome to the Hormel Foods' Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Jana Haynes, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jana L. Haynes:  Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods' conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6.30 A.M. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our Web-site at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter and the year along with our guidance for fiscal 2015. Then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter and the year. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks. As a courtesy to other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional queries, you are welcome to get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11.30 A.M. Central Time today, November 25, 2014. The dial-in number is 888-203-1112 and the access code is 9752232. It will also be posted to our Web-site and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter and the year, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the Company are fluctuations in costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 31 through 37 in the Company's 10-Q for the quarter ended July 27, 2014, which was filed on September 5,2014, for more details. It can be accessed on our Web-site. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the Company's operating performance, by excluding the impact of certain non-recurring items affecting comparability. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate Web-site. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you, Jana, and good morning everyone. We are pleased to report a strong finish to fiscal 2014. Earnings in the fourth quarter were a record $0.63 per share, up 9% from a year ago, on sales of $2.5 billion, also a 9% increase. For the full year, the Company earned a record $2.23 per share, representing a 14% increase over last year. We also achieved record sales of $9.3 billion, an increase of 6%. I will now take you through each segment. In addition to discussing segment results, I will also provide an operating profit margin guidance range for each segment, which is our estimate of margin potential over the next few years given our current business structure, product mix and typical market volatility. Grocery Products segment profit was down 21% in the fourth quarter with sales down 3%. High meat input costs and related pricing actions hampered the growth of some of our brands, including Hormel chili and Hormel Compleats microwave meals. On the positive side, HORMEL bacon toppings, WHOLLY GUACAMOLE dips and HERDEZ authentic Mexican foods grew during the quarter. For the year, segment profit was down 9% and sales were up 3%. We continue to support our iconic brands. This year we increased our Grocery Products' advertising spend by over 20%. At the end of September, we kicked off a national SKIPPY peanut butter advertising campaign after many years off air. Effective at the beginning of fiscal 2015, we will integrate Fresherized Foods, the maker of WHOLLY GUACAMOLE, into our sales and distribution systems to give this brand the full benefit of our consumer products sales force capabilities. Going forward, we will report 100% of the estimated $200 million in sales in our Grocery Products segment revenue. We will continue to report only 50% of the Fresherized Foods earnings, net of tax, in the equity and earnings line of the Grocery Products segment. Taking into account the addition of WHOLLY GUACAMOLE sales to our Grocery Products segment revenue, along with the similar integration of our other MegaMex Foods joint venture businesses in recent years, we expect Grocery Products segment operating margins to be within a range of 12% to 14% going forward. Refrigerated Foods' fourth quarter operating profit increased 10%, with sales up 9%. For the full year, operating profit in this segment was up a robust 45% and sales increased 9%. Pork operating margins were a significant driver to the higher results this quarter. The Refrigerated Foods team showed impressive leadership by managing through especially volatile market conditions this past year and achieving excellent business results in the face of tight raw material supplies. Our Foodservice Group continues to deliver growth in our Refrigerated Foods segment with innovative solutions for Foodservice operators. These include products such as our HORMEL FIRE BRAISED meats and HORMEL Bacon 1 Fully Cooked Bacon, along with continued growth of HORMEL fully cooked sausages. On the retail side of the business, the reformulation and packaging updates of our HORMEL side dishes introduced just under a year ago have led to restored sales growth. HORMEL BLACK LABEL bacon and HORMEL party trays also delivered sales gains this quarter. Effective at the end of fiscal 2014, we dissolved our Precept Foods partnership by mutual decision with Cargill Meat Solutions. Sales of $115 million were associated with this business, but we do not anticipate a material impact to segment profit as a result of this change. Given our current product mix and taking commodity volatility risk into account, we expect Refrigerated Foods operating profit margins to be within a 5% to 8% range over the next few years. Jennie-O Turkey Store continues to build momentum delivering increased segment profit of 45% on a sales increase of 11% during the quarter. For the full year, operating profit was up 23% and sales increased 4%. Results at Jennie-O Turkey Store in the quarter were driven by continued growth in value-added sales, along with high commodity turkey prices. JENNIE-O lean ground turkey and JENNIE-O turkey bacon led sales growth this quarter. We increased our Jennie-O Turkey Store advertising spend this year with a Make The Switch campaign that started early in fiscal 2014, featuring ground turkey tacos. We plan to continue this advertising campaign in new U.S. markets early in fiscal 2015. We expect Jennie-O Turkey Store segment operating profit margin to be within the 13% to 17% range going forward. Our Specialty Foods segment reported an operating profit decrease of 14% and a sales increase of 31%. Excluding sales of CytoSport products, sales were down 4%. Full year results for Specialty Foods showed operating profit down 20% with sales down 3%. Full year sales excluding CytoSport were down 11%. We are pleased with our team's initial integration of the CytoSport business as we have started to leverage Hormel Foods strength in operating efficiencies, food, drug and mass marketing capabilities, and purchasing synergies to maximize the potential of this business. Excluding deal related costs and acquisition adjustments, CytoSport performed in line with our expectation this past quarter. We expect Specialty Foods segment operating profit margins to be within a range of 8% to 11% going forward. International & Other's fourth quarter operating profit increased 3%, with sales up 13%. Higher meat input costs pressured International segment margins during the quarter. For the full year, operating profit in this segment was up 19% and sales also increased by 19%. Our International team continues to do an excellent job expanding our business in China. To support that growth, we are announcing the construction of a new Refrigerated Foods plant in China, slated to open in the back half of fiscal 2016. This facility will produce pepperoni, bacon, ham and other refrigerated meat items sold in the foodservice and retail channels within China. Our expectation for International segment operating profit margins is a range of 14% to 17% over the next few years. From a total Company perspective, we anticipate operating profit margins in the 9% to 12% range, given our current business structure, product mix and typical market volatility. Moving into fiscal 2015, we expect to exceed our stated 5% sales and 10% earnings growth goals. We look for pork commodity prices and pork operating margins to normalize as the year progresses. We anticipate commodity pork prices will exhibit some volatility in fiscal 2015 with PEDV still lingering in domestic herds but not to the degree experienced in fiscal 2014. Lower meat protein prices will eventually provide input cost relief for our Grocery Products segment but will lead to challenging comparisons for our Refrigerated Foods segment. We plan to increase pork production by 1% to 2% over fiscal 2014 numbers. Lower corn prices should benefit Jennie-O Turkey Store throughout next year, offset to some degree by stubbornly high soymeal cost. We expect commodity turkey prices to normalize as fiscal 2015 progresses, down from the extremely high prices experienced in 2014. We plan to increase turkey production modestly in fiscal 2015 to support our value-added businesses, on the heels of no increase to our production level last year. In our Specialty Foods segment, we continue to expect the CytoSport business to deliver earnings accretion of $0.05 per share in 2015, as disclosed in our acquisition call earlier this summer. We look for our China business, along with our exports of SKIPPY peanut butter and pork products, to drive growth in the International segment in fiscal 2015. We will continue building our brands in 2015 with a double-digit increase in our advertising support over the prior year. We will focus advertising dollars on our Jennie-O Make The Switch campaign, REV snack wraps, our SPAM family of products, SKIPPY peanut butter and MUSCLE MILK protein rich products. Late yesterday we informed our team that we will cease operations at our Grocery Products manufacturing facility in Stockton, California effective the end of February 2015. This was a difficult decision but a necessary step given available capacity and other more modern dry grocery facilities in the Company. We are also considering a potential exit from operations in Vietnam early in fiscal 2015, which have been part of a larger joint venture in the region. This business which includes hog production, feed mill and a processed meats facility, all located in Vietnam, has not delivered the results we expect from our international investments. As a result of the closure of the Stockton facility and the potential exit from the Vietnam business, we expect nonrecurring expenses of $0.04 to $0.06 per share to impact our profits in the first half of fiscal 2015. We are providing details about these anticipated nonrecurring items to allow better visibility of our long-term operating performance expectation. After taking all of these significant factors into account, we have established our fiscal 2015 non-GAAP adjusted earnings guidance range at $2.45 to $2.55 per share, excluding the expected nonrecurring charges. Our balanced model continues to benefit our performance, as evidenced by our track record of increased earnings in 27 of the last 30 years. We believe our strong brands in niche categories and our focus on innovation position us to continue to drive superior growth and shareholder value. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2014.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net earnings for fiscal 2014 fourth quarter totaled $171.3 million or $0.63 per diluted share, compared to $157.3 million or $0.58 per share a year ago. Net earnings for the 12 months of fiscal 2014 totaled $602.7 million or $2.23 per share, compared to net earnings of $526.2 million or $1.95 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the fourth quarter totaled $2.5 billion compared to $2.3 billion last year, a 9% increase. For the full year, dollar sales were $9.3 billion, a 6% increase from last year. Volume for the fourth quarter was 1.34 billion pounds, up 3% from fiscal 2013. For the full year, volume was 5 billion pounds, up 1% over last year. When we announced the acquisition of CytoSport, we indicated that the acquisition would have a neutral impact on fiscal 2014 earnings, net of transaction costs. Besides the expected transaction costs of $4.8 million, we incurred the fair value inventory adjustment of $4.5 million, which negatively impacted the results of our Specialty Foods segment. The inventory adjustment was not included in our original guidance. As previously stated, we expect CytoSport to contribute approximately $0.05 per share to our fiscal 2015 results. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were 6.5% of sales, compared to 6.3% last year. For the full year, selling, general and administrative expenses were 7% of sales compared to 7.2% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be between 7.5% and 7.8% of sales for fiscal 2015. The growth over fiscal 2014 will come as a result of plans for the increased advertising Jeff alluded to, including the marketing associated with CytoSport. Advertising expense for the fourth quarter was $22.4 million compared to $16.6 million last year. The increase over the prior year was primarily associated with advertising for CytoSport products in the Specialty Foods segment and the national advertising campaign for HORMEL REV Wraps. Equity in earnings of affiliates was $5.7 million in the fourth quarter versus $2.1 million last year. The increase is largely the result of improved earnings at our MegaMex joint venture. Interest and investment income was $0.8 million for the fourth quarter compared to $2.5 million last year. Year-to-date interest and investment income was $3.2 million compared to $5 million the year ago. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.4 million compared to $3.1 million last year. Year-to-date interest expense was $12.7 million, up from $12.5 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2015. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 34.1% versus 33.9% in fiscal 2013. The year-to-date effective tax rate was 34.3% compared to 33.6% last year. For fiscal 2015, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 34% and 34.5%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year were 263.6 million and 263.8 million shares respectively. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year were 269.8 million and 270.2 million shares respectively. We repurchased 666,000 shares of common stock during the fourth quarter, spending $30.9 million. For the full year, we spent $58.9 million purchasing 1.3 million shares. We have 8.2 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, the same as last year. During the fourth quarter, we repaid our line of credit used to fund the CytoSport acquisition. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $47.3 million, compared to $38 million last year. For the full year, capital expenditures totaled $159.1 million compared with $106.8 million last year. For fiscal 2015, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $180 million to $200 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $32.9 million, compared to $31.9 million last year. For the full year, depreciation and amortization was $130 million compared to $125 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 million in fiscal 2015. We announced a $0.20 per share increase to the annual dividend, making the new dividend $1. This represents a 25% increase, after an 18% increase last year and marks the 49th consecutive year in which we have increased our dividend. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I will go first to Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow: Can we just talk about the guidance for a second? I was just surprised by the muted tone of it. I guess when I think about it, if I strip out the CytoSport and I strip out some of the weather and issues that you happened to have last year, which I thought was going to recur, it seems like the internal growth is about mid-single digits. First of all I guess my question is, did I do my math right, and then second, does that strike you as the right balance, are you conservative on that, how do you think about that in terms of the internal growth, that's how I look at it?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Let me walk you through our thinking in terms of the guidance range that we've established for 2015. Starting with Refrigerated Foods, as we talked about earlier in the call, we do expect processing margins to not be as favorable as they were in 2014. Notwithstanding this, Refrigerated Foods we would expect to still grow modestly due to their value-added sales momentum in foodservice and with their retail brands and due to improved general efficiency, but it will be fairly modest growth in 2015 at a segment profit operating level. This more favorable cost environment should help Grocery Products, so we do expect Grocery Products to rebound to more normal growth rates, plus the fact that they will no longer have the earn-out as part of Fresherized Foods in their costs. The favorable cost will also help International. We expect International to achieve its fifth consecutive year of double-digit growth. For both Grocery Products and International, there are certain lingering high costs in the inventory that will continue to sort of dampen their results in their opening quarter of the year, but as the year goes on we'll be working through that inventory. Clearly Jennie-O Turkey Store, our expectation is to have another good year. They are in a more favorable grain environment, plus they have great value-added momentum, and this should move them towards the top of the operating profit range that we just articulated. That being said, there are some mitigating factors for Jennie-O Turkey Store. The grain benefit is partially offset by hedges. We've talked before about our hedge philosophy. The soymeal side of the grain formulas has remained stubbornly high. And we do have certain grain based contracts with foodservice customers within that segment. Secondly, we expect the turkey commodity meat markets, which have been at an all-time high, to not be quite as favorable in 2015. And then third, we have approved an enhanced advertising budget for Jennie-O Turkey Store, the Make The Switch campaign has driven good results, and so we're going to be investing further there. In fact, overall advertising spending, as we talked about, was up double digits in 2014 for the whole Company and should be again in 2015. For Specialty Foods, by the fourth quarter that the unit had recovered from the year-over-year SPLENDA change in business operations, their results were actually up modestly in Q4, if you don't count CytoSport at all. And so we expect again modest growth of the overall Specialty portfolio in 2015, plus they should attain the $0.05 a share benefit from the acquisition of CytoSport. So for us, this adds up to a range of $2.45 to $2.55, exclusive of the nonrecurring events. The midpoint of this range is a 12% increase over the year we just completed, on top of the 14% increase we generated in 2014. So that's our thinking at least in terms of providing this kind of guidance range.
Ken Zaslow: That's great. And then just a follow-up, is the cost savings, is there a greater initiative at Hormel to focus on cost savings? I know obviously one facility you're closing down, you're thinking about the Vietnam, is there something that you're doing more broadly that we should be thinking about, maybe internal actions, and does it have to do with the retail environment, or these are just one-offs that I shouldn't read anything into it?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess I wouldn't read anything into it. I mean the timing on those types of decisions, I mean we've had the investment with our partner in Southeast Asia in the Vietnam operations for several years, and kind of given that we think a good try there but really feel we'd be better off focusing our attention elsewhere. In terms of the Stockton plant decision, I mean it's an older facility. We really had to kind of make a determination, do we pour more money into that facility or could we utilize the capacities we have available in more modern grocery facilities elsewhere in the U.S., and so we made that difficult decision for that reason.
Ken Zaslow: Great, I appreciate it.
Operator: We'll go next to Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam: I noticed you had a considerable step-up in your CapEx expectations for 2015. Is there something incremental that you're investing in for next year?
Jody H. Feragen: Sure, Farha, this is Jody. Jeff talked about the new SPAM production facility that we're going to be – Refrigerated Foods production facility that we are building in China. So a portion of that plant will impact 2015. We had started the construction of additional SPAM lines domestically that will flow over into 2015 as well. And then we have several other initiatives that we're looking at to expand capacities for some of our product lines that are running at tighter capacities. So, yes, it is a step-up and then we have just the general repair and maintenance type CapEx that comes with operating many facilities across the country.
Farha Aslam: Right. And then in terms of capital allocation overall, it looks like you have a net debt-free balance sheet. Could you share with us your uses of cash and kind of your priorities in terms of how you look to deploy that capital going into next year?
Jody H. Feragen: We certainly took a good step forward with the 25% increase in the dividend that we made this year. So that's obviously something, a legacy that we are extremely proud of and would look to continue to do that going forward. We've made several acquisitions, SKIPPY in 2013 and then more recently the CytoSport acquisition in 2014. So we'll continue to look for opportunities there that fit with our strategies of brands that are number one or number two in the marketplace, transactions that can be accretive both from a margin perspective as well as overall profit, certainly looking for things that provide us the global footprint, and then more recently trying to look at things that fit more into a health and wellness type portfolio appealing to younger consumers addressing the snack area as well as our ability to add innovation to anything that we would purchase.
Farha Aslam: And then share repurchase?
Jody H. Feragen: You know that's probably a little more opportunistic. We did do some this year and I would expect that we'll take a look at doing that a little bit in 2015 as well.
Farha Aslam: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Eric Larson with Janney Capital Markets.
Eric Larson: Thank you and happy Thanksgiving to everybody. I'd like to drill down just a little bit more on the cut-out margin. I think it's reasonable to assume that the cut-out margin would normalize a little bit more next year, but demand has remained I think a lot stronger than what we would have all expected. Now I think there can be a lot more competition from chicken next year as well, but can you – exports for pork have been particularly strong, can you try to put some of the demand context into that how you're looking at that cut-out margin?
Jody H. Feragen: Sure, I'll give the wheel here. We certainly have seen some volatility in those operating margins in the first part of our fiscal year in November here, so they've been a little bit all over the board, certainly lower than they were last year at this time from that perspective. We do expect to see hog numbers increase 3% to 3.5%, we're not taking our harvest up that high, but that should provide lots of availability. The demand seems to be the equation that we'll see what happens with that. We would expect the cut-outs to come off the historical highs that they have been and we've seen some of that come already. So our balance is that they're going to go back more to a normalized range, maybe not as low as the five-year average, and that's what we've used in our assumptions.
Eric Larson: Okay, alright. And then just one follow-up question on Jennie-O, obviously your ad campaigns have been very successful for your value-added products and you're going to bump up your advertising next year. Is part of that reflecting the fact that you might have easier fuel comps and fuel comparisons this upcoming winter, I mean Lord knows what that will be, but is part of the thinking that you'll just reinvest some of the positive variance in some of your operating costs in that division?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean we do pulse the advertising somewhat based on macro conditions, but clearly the Jennie-O brand has benefited from being on-air and from emphasizing this sort of Make The Switch theme, and the most recent version has been the taco campaign, but we had a burger campaign and a bacon campaign in prior years as well. Their plans right now are to kind of roll into some new markets with that advertising to support some product placements that we've been able to attain through our sales organization. And so, we'll definitely be on-air early in the year and we may complement that with more of a fall campaign as well.
Eric Larson: Okay, thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: I want to spend a little time in Grocery, if we could, and talk about the volume outlook there. I think they were down 5% in the quarter and it's been really challenged for most of the year, and help us think about some of the product categories, I know there's been a big focus on Compleats over the course of the year to right that, but maybe a bit of context in terms of the categories where that have struggled this year and some of the actions that you're taking or anticipating can drive an improvement in 2015?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean on the positive side, as we talked about, I mean bacon business had a fantastic year. We have two brands within the Mexican portfolio that are really on a roll in terms of double-digit growth, the HERDEZ brand and WHOLLY, and now the WHOLLY sales in 2014 were not being reflected in our results. So that would have changed the year-over-year results had we had those in there, and starting in 2015 we will have that. Our franchises, our iconic brands of SPAM and SKIPPY, had fairly flat Q4 results but both have what we hope are good solid marketing campaigns going forward and we expect growth out of both of those brands in 2015. The areas where we have struggled a little bit more have been some of the other traditional canned meat items, the Dinty Moore and the Hormel chilli items. And then we kind of continue to have coming up and down experience with our microwave meals, we are going to market with a little bit different tactics within that category in terms of tiered pricing and new offerings and we'll see if that works. That's our game-plan going into 2015.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, that's helpful. Maybe that rolls into my follow-up on the 5% plus sales growth target, I would imagine in spite of 3% growth from CytoSport, if that layers in, I think you're consolidating some different parts of the business that you haven't in the past, but I would imagine that the commodity price environment in pork and refrigerated as well as in turkey would be a little bit of a headwind, and so I guess I'm surprised that – am I thinking about it right that the 5% is really about acquisitions and some of the kind of consolidating different businesses as opposed to underlying with offsetting price declines and more flattish volume environment across the portfolio?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Pricing is always a wildcard. I mean our long-term revenue goal is a 5% goal. We actually expect to exceed that here in 2015, in part because of the WHOLLY brand coming onto Grocery sales. And so in general, I mean if you look at our long-term track record, we have actually exceeded the 5% over the last five years, but that is definitely with some assistance from acquisitions such as SKIPPY and the MUSCLE MILK acquisition. So in general, clearly when I look at the grocery store environment, I think our perimeter based items, we do expect to be able to grow at that kind of a 5% clip. Center of the store, maybe not quite that robust, but we have had investments in acquisitions such as SKIPPY that have added to that portfolio and we think Mexican can definitely grow at that pace. Our Foodservice Group has done a nice job with that as well. So our target kind of not counting acquisitions is certainly in the 3% to 4% range, and then we've been able to round that up by virtue of finding the right prospects periodically.
Adam Samuelson: Alright, that's very helpful. I'll pass it along.
Operator: We'll go next to Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler: I wanted to ask you about the normalized ranges that you provided this morning. It looks as if you've taken down the Grocery Products normalized margin by about 200 basis points, but you've improved your JOTS margin by 200 basis points. So my question is really in the Grocery Products segment, how much of the margin reduction is due to the fact that you'll be rolling in sort of 100% of the Fresherized Foods and what percentage is just due to your ongoing outlook for whatever tighter protein markets which impacts that margin or slower growth coming from the center of the store, is there any way to quantify for us what's going on with your outlook on the Grocery Products margins?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I can tell you for 2015, our expectation is that the net margin will be kind of equivalent to what you saw in 2014. So what you have there is the watering down effect of a lot of the Fresherized sales coming in with only half margin being reported, but an expected improvement in terms of – we said we had some very difficult operating cost challenges during 2014 and we don't expect those to recur. So altogether, those two factors should cancel each other out. I guess I would also point out that if you take away MegaMex, so I mean you've got a great growing business with great consumer franchises but franchises that were accounting 100% of the sales and only half of the earnings and the after-tax of that in some cases, the core Grocery Products portfolio not counting MegaMex is still, we still look to be in the high teens in terms of their operating delivery. So we really don't feel we've seen a denigration in the portfolio, we just are seeing the impact of MegaMex rolling through there in terms of that range we just provided.
Jody H. Feragen: And I would add that MegaMex generally is growing at a little faster clip than our corp portfolio is.
Diane Geissler: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. And then I wanted to ask about the new plant in China. I think you said, peanut, bacon, ham, pepperoni, whatever, I'm assuming that's going to be under a branded, like Hormel brand, and I guess if you could just few more details about what your strategy will be in China, do you expect to open retail outlets, do you have partners there who will be providing the sourcing materials, I mean can you just give us a little bit more clarity on what your plans are when that plant opens in 2016?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. So right now we have three plants in China. One of them is a SKIPPY peanut butter plant, exclusively for that production, and so that one we won't count that right now but our team definitely operates that in terms of the G&A efficiencies of the total operation and it's a great sales vehicle for us in that and other markets. We then have two other facilities that we've operated for more than a dozen years, one in Beijing and one in Shanghai, that produce these similar refrigerated based items. Our team has done a very nice job growing that business over time, I mean that's many times a 20% plus growth trajectory, and so as we project forward with the kind of business we have, we needed new plant capacity and so the team has been working on identifying kind of where that should be and how that would roll together. And so that production in terms of the sourcing for the last several years, we buy meat from approved suppliers within the Chinese market, we don't raise hogs ourselves and we're not a basic slaughter in that market, but we're confident that we have sufficient meat suppliers to meet these growth needs that will go ultimately into that new plant.
Operator: We'll go next to Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank.
Mario Contreras: You had mentioned PEDV briefly. I just wanted to maybe get a little bit more of your thoughts on what you've seen so far now that we're getting into the kind of early months of the core winter weather, and then how do you anticipate potential impact on profitability if prevalence is greater or less than maybe what you're expecting?
Jody H. Feragen: This is Jody. That certainly could be a wildcard. What we have seen in the industry is, it slowed down during the summer months as one would expect, as the weather seems to be more conducive in the winter when it's cold and damp, but we've also seen a lot of the producers really increase their bio security and I think that will have a positive impact on any further spread of the disease. So our assumption is that hog production should grow in the 3% to 3.5% for the industry as a whole and that assumes that there is a lot less impact than there was last year on PED.
Mario Contreras: Okay. And then one additional question, if I could, on the International segment, I believe you had indicated your volume was up 6%, but if I back out the benefit from SKIPPY China and CytoSport, is it fair to say that core volume was down, am I thinking about that right for that business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I wouldn't want to do the math on the fly. I mean certainly it was flattish. It wasn't the best quarter either for SPAM in terms of we had high inputs and then some cases then had some deferred shipments to some of our export markets, and we had an uneven quarter in terms of SKIPPY, we have a couple of markets where it's going great but a couple of others where it receded somewhat. But overall, I mean they saw a double-digit growth on a full year basis for International last year and we expect a strong growth heading into 2015.
Mario Contreras: Okay, so I guess it sounds like maybe you view that as more of sort of a one-off weak quarter with some timing issues but strong when we look into 2015?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, with the other caveat that I mentioned earlier that from a margin standpoint International still will be kind of – SPAM is a major product line for example on the inventory carrying cost that they have from the spike in raw materials this summer will still impact them certainly through Q1, but after that they should be in better condition.
Mario Contreras: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale: Good morning and happy Thanksgiving. So first question is on SG&A, you mentioned you expect an increase next year. Can you address where you ended up this year? I believe came in a little bit less than what you were expecting. So is part of next year's increase a timing shift and if you can just give us a sense as to why this year's SG&A to sales came in lower than what you were expecting? That's my first question.
Jody H. Feragen: So, part of the driver for 2014 SG&A being somewhat lower was the timing of some compensation accruals we had last year but we didn't have this year. As far as 2015, the majority of that increase is really being driven by the increased advertising campaigns.
Akshay S. Jagdale: Okay. And then with your long-term guidance on margins, very helpful, what timeframe should we be thinking of that margin outlook to be? And you've made a lot of portfolio changes, Jeff, so in general where are your portfolios today versus where it was five years ago? I mean do you feel generally better about expanding margins longer-term as a whole or you feel better about the growth prospects, organic growth prospects of this portfolio?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess we're probably putting these ranges out as reasonable over the next three to four years. I mean things can change, both in macro conditions and in our businesses, so we would want to keep an eye on those and update those as those things make modifications. In terms of your other question, I mean we certainly hope we've improved the portfolio over time, that's been the goal. I think it depends on which segment we're talking about as to whether the expansion of margins versus growth is the bigger area of emphasis. So clearly within Refrigerated Foods, that team understands very clearly that their mission is to expand margins. They had a very nice year this year in terms of moving upward and expect to hold that in 2015 and grow from there. In other areas such as Jennie-O Turkey Store or International, I think those are excellent growth opportunities. So the bigger those two pieces can become of our overall portfolio, the better off we'll be in the aggregate. When we announced the CytoSport acquisition, we conceded that at least on an onboarding basis, it was kind of even with Specialty Foods' margins, but we do think that as we get our hands around that business and drive efficiency and growth going forward that that can start migrating those margins up, and so that was why that range has an upside to it that's above where they are at today. So it kind of depends on the area of the business.
Akshay S. Jagdale: That's helpful. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert B. Moskow: Just a few kind of odds and ends questions. On Jennie-O, you said that you expected commodity turkey prices to be a little lower. Can you give me some of the drivers behind that? I thought supplies have been tightened quite a bit. Do you expect supplies to increase? Secondly, I think your competitor in peanut butter is taking a price cut. Are you going to do the same? And then lastly, I'm planning to visit your offices in January, any wardrobe recommendations for visiting Minnesota in January?
Jody H. Feragen: Boots and a long coat.
Robert B. Moskow: Alright, thank you for that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: [Once you reach] [ph], we'll have you well taken care of. The roads are a different story.
Robert B. Moskow: No golf outing this year in January?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We'll find you a simulator somewhere. I don't know, that would be a [better idea] [ph]. So let's start with Jennie-O. We have seen increases in egg sets and poult placements recently. We had a flat year in 2014 in terms of total pounds brought into the system, yet our value-added businesses keep growing, and so we will be increasing our supplies somewhat going forward. The market also seemed like it kind of got an early jump last year when a number of entities had issues with propane and winter weather and so forth and the meat supplies tightened quite a bit. So we are expecting a more normal situation there. We have taken steps to get our hands on more of the propane ourselves so that we're not quite as much at mercy of the marketplace for that, and I don't know what others have done. But overall, I mean they were at very high levels this year and our best outlook is that it will still be strong levels next year but not at what we've benefited from this year. In terms of the peanut butter equation, going into this fall and going into our fiscal year for 2015, we had not been looking at taking further price decreases. The crops certainly have been more favorable lately and there was an overall decline in costs, but relatively speaking that decline has not accelerated in recent months, it pretty much was already priced into the crop. But when the leading share player made their announcement as to their strategy going forward, we huddled our group and really thought about, okay, what's our reaction going to be to this? We're still pretty early on in the ownership of this brand, we recognize that we're at kind of almost a 2-to-1 deficit when you look at market share in the U.S., and so we thought – and we're not really asserting that SKIPPY is a premium peanut butter product, it's a mainstream product, and so our assessment was, when the market leader has modified the price and that we want to in essence stay competitive with that price, and so we will be executing a price decrease in the marketplace. We think that this should allow fewer promotional dollars to be spent in the category because the bases are lower, so the feature that needs to come off with that doesn't need to be as deep, and so that will be our execution strategy going forward.
Robert B. Moskow: Got it. So [indiscernible], yes, but the price cut, so that didn't really affect your profit outlook for fiscal 2015 for SKIPPY, you think that the promo adjustment will kind of balance it out?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess I don't want to give you a one line item like that. I mean in the aggregate of our Grocery, what we expect for Grocery Products, what we're spending our ad dollars on, et cetera, we're comfortable with the returns that SKIPPY will deliver in terms of the overall growth we're expecting for grocery in fiscal 2015.
Robert B. Moskow: Yes, okay. Alright, have a great holiday.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay, we will conclude our call. I am pleased with the opportunity to announce another record performance this year. This has been the result of the hard work and dedication of the really talented team here at Hormel Foods and we're looking forward to an even stronger fiscal 2015. So on behalf of our team, I want to wish you all happy Thanksgiving and thank you for joining us today on the call.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-08-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jana L. Haynes – Director-Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jody H. Feragen – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc. Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC  
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Hormel Foods’ Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Jana Haynes, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jana L. Haynes: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods’ conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2014. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 A.M. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter. Then, Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for questions following Jody’s remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you’re welcome to get back in the queue. The audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 A.M. Central Time today, August 21, 2014. The dial-in number is 888-203-1112 and the access code is 2700055. The audio replay will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference to the Safe Harbor statements. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 32 through 38 regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors in the company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 27, 2014, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you, Jana. We announced record third quarter earnings this morning of $0.51 per share, up 21% over the last year. Operating profit increased by 23%. We also achieved record sales of $2.3 billion, an increase of 6% over the last year with a 1% volume decline. The resiliency of our balanced business model was evidenced this quarter by our ability to deliver sales and earnings growth in a highly elevated input cost environment with three of our five segments registering profit gains. I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products segment profit decreased 36% and sales were down 3%. Pricing actions taken earlier this year on our core canned meat and microwave meal items slowed sales of these products. Record high beef, pork and chicken input costs also significantly impacted margins. The center of the store has become a more challenging environment for many food categories. We have some franchises such as our Dinty Moore stew and Compleats microwave meals that appeared to be affected as well. However, we have several items positioned in the center of the store that continue to grow even in this more difficult time, such as SKIPPY peanut butter, Hormel bacon toppings and the HERDEZ line of salsas and sauces within our MegaMex Foods joint venture. We will continue to build on the momentum of the SKIPPY peanut butter brand with national advertising during the back-to-school season this fall after many years off air. Segment operating profit for the Refrigerated Foods group was up 101%. The large increase was driven by beneficial pork operating margins, which were stronger than expected and growth of retail and foodservice value added products. Pork cutout values remained unseasonably high this summer, which more than offset record high hog costs. At the end of the quarter, we had anticipated volatility in the Refrigerated Foods segment due to tight hog supply, but our team did an excellent job by curing hogs and managing inventories to support growth of our key franchises. As part of the preparation for low hog availability, we’ve reduced our Fremont, Nebraska harvest operation to four days per week through most of the summer. We have recently returned to a normalized schedule. Dollar sales for Refrigerated Foods increased 12% led by retail sales of our Hormel Black Label bacon, Hormel REV Snack Wraps and LLOYD’S ribs. We also enjoyed sales growth in our foodservice business, including such items as our Hormel FIRE BRAISED Meats, Hormel Bacon 1 fully cooked bacon, and Hormel fully cooked sausage. Segment volume was flat compared to last year driven by lower commodity sales, as we have increased internal utilization of raw materials in our value-added products along with higher pricing on key retail items to mitigate margin exposure. Our Refrigerated Foods team launched distribution of Hormel REV, A.M. Breakfast REVs this quarter. We introduced four varieties each with flatbread, egg, cheese and breakfast meat. Jennie-O Turkey Store delivered a segment profit increase of 42%, driven by value-added sales growth, strong turkey commodity pricing and beneficial grain input costs. The last of the flocks impacted by the harsh winter weather and elevated fuel cost, moved through our system during the quarter. Segment dollar sales rose 4% on a volume decline of 2%. High turkey commodity prices more than offset lower volumes driven by the timing of whole bird sales in the retail channel. Sales of our value-added items experienced nice growth this quarter, led by our Jennie-O Turkey Store ground turkey items, which continued to benefit from our turkey taco advertising campaign won earlier this year. Value-added products in our foodservice and deli lines also drove sales growth. Our Specialty Foods segment reported an operating profit decrease of 25%, and a sales decrease of 10%, largely resulting from the expiration of the agreement in July 2013, allowing Diamond Crystal Brands to sell certain sugar substitutes into foodservice trade channels. This is the final quarter of challenging comparisons related to the expiration of this agreement. We completed the acquisition of CytoSport Holdings on August 11, 2014 and welcome the team to Hormel Foods. We look forward to realizing the synergies between CytoSport and our existing protein-rich sports nutrition operations and applying our innovation capabilities to maximize the potential of the Muscle Milk brand in the fast-growing sports nutrition space. Our international and other segment profit increased 12% and sales grew 18%. results were led by strong sales from our Beijing and Shanghai facilities into the foodservice channel, along with the addition of the SKIPPY business within China. exports of our SPAM family of products were impacted by high input costs, during the quarter. as we move into the fourth quarter, we expect elevated meat input cost to continue to squeeze margins on certain of our value-added products, especially in our Grocery Products segment. Pork operating margins will likely remain seasonably positive this fall, as hog cost began to moderate with better supply, but difficult comparisons to last year will minimize this factor for our Refrigerated Food segment in Q4. We expect our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment to finish the year strong with value-added sales growth, continued high turkey commodity prices and beneficial grain markets. Specialty Foods has lapped the expiration of it sugar substitute contract and should return to year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. CytoSport results will also be included for Q4, increasing revenues for the segment, but not materially impacting earnings net of the acquisition closing cost. We look for our International & Other segment to continue to drive growth, led by our China operations and SKIPPY peanut butter export business, offset in part by high U.S. meat input costs, impacting exports of our fresh pork and SPAM family of products in the near-term. Taking all of these significant factors into account, we are maintaining our fiscal 2014 guidance range of $2.17 to $2.27 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the third quarter.
Jody H. Feragen:  Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Earnings for the third quarter of fiscal 2014 rose 21% to $138 million, or $0.51 per share, compared to $113.6 million, or $0.42 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the third quarter totaled $2.28 billion, compared to $2.16 billion last year, a 6% increase. Volume for the third quarter was 1.17 billion pounds, down 1% from the same period last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were 6.7% of sales versus 7% last year. For the full year, we expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be about 7.1% to 7.3% of sales. Equity in earnings of affiliates was $3.5 million in the third quarter versus $1.3 million last year. The increase is largely due to the improved performance at our MegaMex Foods joint venture. Advertising expense for the quarter was $21.1 million, compared to $22.4 million last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.1 million, unchanged from last year. We expect interest expense to be about $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2014. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 34.7%, versus 35.7% in fiscal 2013. For fiscal 2014, we expect the effective tax rate to be about 34.5%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was $264 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was $270.4 million. We repurchased 267,000 shares of common stock during the third quarter, spending about $13 million. we have 8.9 million shares remaining to be purchased under the current authorization in place. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $33.5 million, versus $31.8 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be about a $130 million in fiscal 2014. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million unchanged from last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $34.8 million, up $11.5 million over the last year. For fiscal 2014, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $150 million. As Jeff indicated, we closed on the acquisition of CytoSport Holdings using available cash and a portion of our $300 million credit revolver to fund the $450 million acquisition. We expect to repay the credit revolver by the end of fiscal 2014. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Danny?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we’ll take our first question from Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi, Farha.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.: Congratulations for a great quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.: We’ve noticed a lot of variation between divisions in terms of performance and so just starting with Grocery Products those earnings were very impacted with the higher commodity cost. How do you think that recovery goes and when do you think earnings can get back to flat year-over-year and back into growth?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Obviously Grocery Products was the one hit hardest by the input cost environment during the quarter. We expect the fourth quarter to be still negative year-over-year, but not to the depth we’re reporting here today. Now we’re not in a position to give 2015 guidance here, but the long-term – our long-term outlook for the Grocery division is that it should be able to drive growth. We have some excellent franchises still within that business such as all our Mexican Foods businesses as well as SKIPPY and SPAM continues to have general strength on a long-term basis. So we’ll provide more specific guidance on the next call in terms of what 2015 will look like that we should start trending in the positive direction.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then a question really on MegaMex, I mean earnings in that business almost tripled. What is the trend? How should we think about that business going forward and what’s driving the improvement?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Q3 last year, I mean to be fair, we had a fairly significant hit, remember we announced in terms of the added earn out on the fresh foods component, and so in terms of comparison that that was an easier comparison if you will for the MegaMex group. They’ve had some costs squeeze within their group as well frankly both on the Don Miguel side and in terms of the avocado based products. Avocado costs seem to be normalizing and so and the top line is excellent in terms of the Wholly Guacamole franchise, so we’re encouraged and excited about that and the HERDEZ brand is very strong and we just continue to rack up double-digit of top line increases for the variety items sold under that authentic Mexican brand. So overall MegaMex is a key component not only to the Grocery Products, but to the total company period on trend products, and we think that’ll continue to deliver growth for us.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Hey, good morning, everyone.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Hey, Ken.
Jody H. Feragen:  Good morning.
Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  So, one strategy question, Hormel has been very successful of gaining outside market shares in niche categories, that’s kind of your – over the last decade or so. You moved into SKIPPY, obviously you made a bid for Ragu. Could you think – and any of this performance you see what you are doing here, the success has been always in your niche categories. Do you think that you are starting to move away from that and do you think that’s a good thing or bad thing? Can you talk about that and then I have a follow-up.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: 
 : We’ve had identified that we really thought we needed to provide more on the go offerings, and so hence our innovation with REV, that was a big motivator frankly behind the MUSCLE MILK acquisition was that – people are viewing those items in many cases as meal replacements, consumed on-the-go. And so again we are looking in most cases for leading share brands that we can drive with our marketing and hopefully operate on an efficient basis.
Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, my follow-up question, what would limit the Turkey margins from moving up from this 17% – 16.9% or 17% level going forward, it seems like this quarter kind of as represented what the future will look like if not even better, is there something that I’m missing here?
Jody H. Feragen: 
 :
Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: So you don’t think 17% is the right level to move – am I miss understanding you?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean – I don’t know if you are looking for a long-term number or a short-term number, as mentioned earlier we’re not going to give 2015 number here today. But it would be fair to layout; obviously what’s going on in the marketplace as we head into 2015 could well be in a market where the commodities are little less favorable. But I’m recognizing that the grain markets could be more favorable, and so we’ll just see what that – when we provide that guidance in November.
Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Good morning and congratulations on a good quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you, Akshay.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  So, can you give us an update on REV, the AM Wraps, you are launching I guess am I correct in understanding that the difference there is you’ve added the sort of the egg component to it. So can you talk a little bit about why now with the AM Wraps instead of overall how is REV doing relative to your expectation?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure, Akshay. So, I mean I know on past quarters I was – I provided some estimates based on some of the early tracking with the brand, we’re now in a position where we have 52 weeks of scanned data available, the sales on that basis were on $55 million on the last 52-week basis, that does not count sales into the college and university or convenience store channels, that’s a little bit more, the lion shares through the Grocery channel. We’re very happy with those that’s one of our best ever first-year performances on our brand. We think the brand has upside in terms of its sales capabilities beyond that, even with the core items and then as you point out on top of that, we are introducing the breakfast items. a part of it is just kind of coming out with the core line first, a part of it is making through that you have the product ready and performing the way you want, I’m actually really quite excited and pleased with the team, coming out with a year later if you contrast it for example to our complete line and it took a several years to get a breakfast offering, that was the right offering within that product line. Right now, we’re focusing our attention on these breakfast related items on customers that already have a pretty good set of REV items. There are certain customers that really do have that in place, other certain regions of the country and certain retailers that’s still spottier, or maybe they only carry three or four or five items. In those cases, we’re probably saying that we may not want to come right out with two or three breakfast items until you settle little more legitimately. But we do think breakfast revenue is another excellent innovation that will drive new consumption to this product line and we’ll continue to excite consumers who like the REV line.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just on SKIPPY, give us an update especially on the International operations you talked about it a little bit, but given what happened in the grocery segment this quarter it would be nice if you could sort of tell us if SKIPPY was impacted by any of that doesn’t seem like it. And then more importantly, can you give us a little bit more color on the Cyto acquisition and strategically sort of longer term how that fits in and what kind of growth profile you expect from that? Thank you, and I’ll get back in queue.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Okay. SKIPPY, we’re very pleased with the domestic results for SKIPPY, on a net sales basis, lesser because of – that was a category that saw price decreases. But a volume high single-digit increase in volume still continuing to get good future activity, we’ve had some nice placements in terms of distribution sales there. And we’re going to work on innovating within the category, our SKIPPY Singles are off to a good start, the dark chocolate natural item is doing well; also and look for more items in 2015, maybe more in the middle of the year for that. On an international basis, it’s still a little rocky to read. I mean it was positive in the sense that we obviously now own the China plant and all the production out of that plant is now being reflected in the sales. We saw a little bit of decline in business in Canada. And we also – in a couple of the Asian markets, we’re still on kind of a conversion mode between our ownership and the prior ownership in terms of who has got the distribution and so forth. But overall, I mean that plant is in a good position to support growth and we expect to have that be a real growth catalyst for international going forward. On CytoSport, we were obviously very excited, last time we’re on the phone with all of you was in the middle of the quarter, when we made the announcement related to the deal, we did close on that deal recently. A couple of follow-up questions that had kind of emerged, just even since we announced the deal related to the kind of this notion of all, what does Hormel bring to the party, when it comes to the Muscle Milk acquisition. So I did want to address that. We have knowledge of manufacturing and of the category, that perhaps has been overlooked a little bit, I mean our Specialty Foods group is a less branded group, and so sometimes doesn’t get talked about quite as much, but we’ve been manufacturing both powdered and ready-to-drink protein items for over 10 years with our Century Foods business unit that’s under Specialty Foods, indeed to us. This was a great opportunity to bring a branded catalyst for that group to build apply that knowledge, the way we do in the rest of our companies to a branded item. We feel we’re going to be able to bring deeper sales and category management skills to the largest market for this product line, which is the food, drug and mass market where we sell so many of our other items. And really, I mean anytime you’re bringing a product line, that’s frankly kind of a one-off product line, a single brand and bringing it to a portfolio where you have deeper relationships at least we found that we should be able to drive growth doing that, we certainly did that with Wholly Guacamole for one example and we should do that here. We also feel our innovation track record bodes well in terms of coming up with great new items that would fit under this brand. We’re very early on; the category growth that we’re looking at is still very significant. as we mentioned on the last call, our feeling and even the prior management were kind of conceded us, there was prior a little bit of lack of focus as they were in the sale process of the business. and so their share has not quite kept up with all the category growth, but notwithstanding that, I mean it still grew in terms of both the ready-to-drink components, the big Muscle Milk branded presence, as well as the full protein line. And so it should be a great growth catalyst for Specialty Foods and for Hormel going forward.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks a lot. that’s excellent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi, Diane.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Congratulations on your quarter. I wanted to ask you about the outlook, which you maintained your guidance, it seems like an awfully wide range for having normally, one quarter left in the year. and I just wanted to make sure that that wasn’t sending us a signal about one area of your business team, potentially problematic. I know the hog numbers have come down pretty significantly, but it sounds like you are finding adequate supply in the fact that you’ve reopened your plant, the one that you have curtailed those. There is something we need to be aware of, as we move through the fourth quarter, that’s kind of giving you pause and making you keep that that wide of a range for the fourth quarter?
Jody H. Feragen:  So Diane, as we were sitting down this time for – at the end of our second quarter, there, we certainly did not expect the type of positive pork operating margins that we experienced in the third quarter. So I would say that’s probably one thing that would lead us to have a somewhat wider range there going into the fourth quarter, but certainly feel more comfortable that we are in the middle range of that guidance instead of the lower end that we’ve guided to at the end of the second quarter.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, all right. Well, that’s fair enough. And then I wanted to follow up on Jeff’s comments about the acquisition. so you guys have obviously signaled that you are looking to do bigger deals, I think you’ve made sort of more aggressive comments at your Analyst Day last year after doing the SKIPPY transaction about big deals, small deals take as much time and kind of management time as little deals do, but if I heard you correctly Jody, you basically used your big pile of cash and your revolver, which will be paid out by the end of this fiscal year. So if you kind of rate back where you started from which is significantly under our balance sheet. So the question is really more, do you think that you could do another sizable transaction here in the near-term and then would it be a drain on the organization’s ability to kind of integrate, or do you feel like you need to give the CytoSport acquisition kind of time to get integrated before you could go out and make another sizable transaction?
Jana L. Haynes:  Diane, you are right. from a financial perspective, we certainly have the bandwidth to do another acquisition. And I think from organizational resource perspective, we also have the ability, especially foods might have trouble doing another one right on top of this, but we certainly would have the ability to do it from an organizational perspective. It’s finding the right transaction that has the strategic fit that has the number one or number two brand, looking for something that is accretive to our margins and where we can really add some values. so something that has non-U.S. portion of the business is also very attractive. So we just need to find the right set and certainly, I believe our organization is ready to step up and do that.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC:  Can I just ask a – sorry expected to follow up to that comment, that’s sort of accretive to your margin, but you’re talking about accretive to your margins are on the whole, or just within the segment in which year?
Jana L. Haynes:  We look generally…
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC:  Making acquisition.
Jana L. Haynes:  The first step is segment, but with the ability to become accretive to the overall Hormel margins.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC:  Okay. All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, sir. Your line is open.
Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Hi, thank you. I guess two questions. One is, everyone thought that the PED virus was going to have a negative impact, eventually on packing margins, and it really hasn’t, are we thinking now that there is not going to be any negative impact on those processing margins? And then secondly, Grocery margins, I get it that the protein inflation flowed through here and hurt the margin, but I guess there’s a little surprise that SKIPPY didn’t stabilize the business enough to kind of keep them from going into single-digit. Our SKIPPY’s margins lower than the margins in the rest of Grocery, and is that also an impact for why margins are lower? 
Jana L. Haynes: Well, I think I’ll take the first part of your question regarding the pork margins. I think what the unexpected on result that we saw in the third quarter was that demands continue to hold up to cut out value. So we’ve really had anticipated the hog prices to rise like they did. But then the final portions also seem to be supported by that. We are looking to continue to see that positive thread, but we are up against some pretty positive thread from the fourth quarter of last year. So don’t expect that to have a significant impact on the Refrigerated Foods segment in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: So on the Grocery side, SKIPPY’s margins should be accretive ultimately for the Grocery Products group and are currently. that being said, I mean probably, the highest profitability element of the Grocery Products portfolio is the canned meat area, and that’s the area where we clearly saw the biggest squeeze during the quarter, brought in part by the prior price increase that we’ve taken based on just kind of long-term increases in the raw materials. and then when you add to it despite from PED in terms of the input cost on hog. I mean that really hurt their ability ultimately that deliver margin. So that’s what needed to cover, that’s what, to the earlier question, I mean we’ll start seeing some recovery in that Q4, but not all of it and we have some of the inventories already put up with higher cost and so forth, but heading in the future we do expect that to normalize.
Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: And, Jeff, what is going to cause it to normalize? Do you need the protein prices to fall, because it sounds like you already to pricing earlier in the year? Do you have to take it again, or are you waiting for the protein to fall?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: That’s well, I mean I guess waiting for that in the sense that we didn’t feel, we’ll show it, or we are in a very good position to take second pricing based off of a spike. if these inputs have become the new norm, we always do it and have to reevaluate that, but a lot of these input costs are already down, also really significantly even in the last couple of weeks. So I mean we do think that’s what PED cost, it didn’t end up hurting the processing margins, but it did end up driving very significant increases in inputs that we didn’t still think we could price against, and we don’t hopefully involve and we don’t feel we’ll have to, because we do think those are going to come back to a more normal level.
Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Just a last question, one of the concerns I hear a lot from investors about the process food industry in general is that people are paying more and more attention to help in wellness, and especially, in the meals part of the store like convenient meals. And I mean I will take the view that Dinty Moore, and chili and SPAM are kind of our own niche businesses, but microwavable meals like shelf-stable microwavable meals, I think are – could be just off trend. Do you have any view on the long-term for Compleats and what your strategy for investment there is?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: So I mean we had obviously, enjoyed very significant growth in the Compleats line during the 2000 decade almost right to the end of it. and then clearly, the product line has stagnated somewhat since then, one effort to try to attract new consumers and restore growth had been the notion of kind of going after the more health oriented consumer or a looking for higher end items and hence the introduction of our blue and green labeled subcomponents are complete. No. I think, we’ve conceded here in recent calls that really doesn’t seem to be working. I mean the consumer that really enjoys these types of items is looking for more of a basic meat , potato casserole type item, value is a very important element to this franchise and so as you kind of add more bills and vessels in cost to product that that doesn’t seem to resonate well with the consumer. So we do believe we can get kind of go back to the basics and get this product line stabilized whether it’s going to be a big growth catalyst for grocery products anymore. I mean at this point, I guess we’re not seeing that, but we think between Mexican Foods, SKIPPY, and some of the other items grocery should be able to meet their growth objectives using those items, but I think your overall take is correct. My understanding know when it comes to single-serve meals that especially even if you look in the frozen segment which has also suffered. Even the health and wellness oriented items and frozen aren’t doing all that well. So I do think it maybe a combination of – where consumers are looking for items, but also just kind of shear economic and who is getting hit the worst from that.
Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  That would make – I would agree with you that frozen isn't doing well either in that area. But I was focusing on your shelf-stable part of it because that’s really where you play. Totally make sense. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We’ll take our next question from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Thanks for taking the follow-up. The first one is for Jody. Can you talk a little bit about the corporate expense line item this quarter? It was significantly higher than the run rate that we've seen in the past. Does that include charges for the Cyto deal?
Jody H. Feragen:  Not really those will get in our fourth quarter and we’ll show up in the Specialty Foods segment lines. General corporate expenses really impacted this quarter by some employee related costs, as well as the write-off of a bad debt. Those will be the two biggest things, so we’ll see the transaction cost in the next quarter.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  How much of that would be sort of one-time like the bad debt write-off seems unusual, right? I mean would you say first of all – sorry?
Jody H. Feragen:  That was about $4 million.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Okay.
Jody H. Feragen: It would hopefully be a one-time thing Akshay.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yes. And, just going back to the PED virus from my recollection and just talking to others in the industry I mean this quarter was the quarter where you expected the most impact on supply. It doesn’t seem like it translated into any volume declines in Refrigerated Foods. Can you help us with how many hogs you process? I mean we’re thinking the industry would see 6% to 7% lower hog supplies. Does that just not materialize or can you give us a sense of what’s happening there with supply?
Jody H. Feragen:  I think you can get a follow-up with Jana on the specifics with the industry numbers, but the amount of hogs being processed has increased week-over-week. The trouble is we’re looking at some significant numbers from last year, so the year-over-year comparisons are still going to be down probably until the October timeframe. We – our team has just indicated, has done a super job of making sure that we have had the supply and we are now back up to normalized operations, a lot of the hog numbers that we’re down were being offset by higher rates as well. So impact of the total industry isn’t down as much as I think people originally anticipated, certainly helped by a summer that’s been much cooler than normal and that allowed the hogs to put on the extra weight .
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Okay. and just one last one on the guidance range being as wide as it is, first, does it include these charges that you expect, or the Cyto deal, and if you can give us the order of magnitude that will be helpful and then just secondly, I mean you cited our margins that has been a main reason for your conservative approach there. What I can tell I mean margins so far have held pretty steady relative to the quarter you just reported. So is there something else that we should be thinking off when we are looking at that $0.10 range, which is unusual?
Jody H. Feragen:  Okay. the first comment regarding the titles for the expenses, as we indicated on the call, when we announced the transactions, we would expect that any income from that operation would be – would offset the transaction costs. so those should be a net neutral in the Specialty Foods segment. Pork margins are being maintained at the levels that we saw in the third quarter to-date, but there has been a lot of volatility. the comparison that Jeff talked about was to fourth quarter last year, and they were unusually strong in our fourth quarter last year. so that year-over-year comparison for the fourth quarter won’t be as beneficial to Refrigerated Foods as it was in the third quarter.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Okay, great. I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) At this time, it appears there are no further questions in our queue. I’d like to turn the conference back over to Jeff Ettinger for any closing additional remarks.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Well, thank you. We are pleased to have achieved another record quarter, leveraging our balanced model to deliver consistent earnings growth. Our team will continue to deliver relevant, innovative and high-quality foods to meet the needs of our consumers and to drive long-term growth for our shareholders. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator:  As a reminder, this does conclude today’s session. We appreciate everyone’s participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-05-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jana L. Haynes – Director-Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jody H. Feragen – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc. Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs & Co. Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC Eric J. Larson – C.L. King & Associates, Inc. Sachin Shah – Albert Fried & Co. LLC  
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Call on the 21st of May. Throughout today’s recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn over the conference to Jana Haynes, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jana L. Haynes: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods’ conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2014. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6.30 A.M. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter. Then, Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will open for questions following Jody’s remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit your question – yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional queries, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10.30 A.M. Central Time today, May 21, 2014. The dial-in number is 1-800-406-7325 and the access code is 4679596. The audio replay will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference to the Safe Harbor statements. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 28 through 35 in the company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 26, 2014, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning. We announced record second quarter earnings this morning of $0.52 per share, up 13% over last year. Operating profit increased by 14% with four of our five segments registering gains this quarter. In terms of the top line, we generated record sales of $2.24 billion, an increase of 4% over last year with a 1% volume decline. I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products segment profit increased 16%, aided in part by a favorable comparison to fiscal 2013, which included SKIPPY peanut butter acquisition cost. Dollar sales were flat versus last year. We have now left our acquisition of the SKIPPY peanut butter business. so we are no longer providing quarterly segment sales without SKIPPY peanut butter sales. Higher pork, beef and avocado input costs, squeezed margins in our Grocery Products segment. To mitigate these higher costs, we increased prices during the second quarter on our SPAM family of products, Hormel chili and Dinty Moore stew. These products, along with Hormel Compleats microwave meals, all experienced year-over-year sales declines. We also increased prices on our Wholly Guacamole products. Sales gains in Grocery Products were led by SKIPPY peanut butter, Hormel bacon toppings and the HERDEZ line of products within our MegaMex Foods joint venture. We are excited about our new SKIPPY Singles peanut butter items launched this quarter. These six packs of single-served, one and a half ounce cups are offered in SKIPPY Creamy and SKIPPY Natural Creamy varieties and are excellent for on-the-go meals or snacks. Segment operating profit for Refrigerated Foods was up 38%. Higher pork operating margins and growth in our foodservice area, more than offset margin pressures due to higher raw material costs. Sales for Refrigerated Foods increased 10%, led by retail sales of our Hormel Black Label bacon, Hormel REV Snack Wraps and Hormel Country Crock side dishes. We also enjoyed sales growth in our Foodservice businesses, including such items as our Hormel FIRE BRAISED Meats, Old Smokehouse Pecanwood Smoked Bacon, and Natural Choice deli meats. Segment volume was flat compared to last year driven by reduced commodity sales, as we increased internally utilization of raw materials in our value-added products. Our Foodservice team continues to focus on meeting the needs of our customers with our latest innovation, Hormel Bacon 1 fully cooked bacon. This product delivers a crisp, delicious, pre-cooked bacon that performs in taste like it was cooked from raw. Segment profit at Jennie-O Turkey Store increased 2%. As we discussed on our call last quarter, the unusually cold winter along with abnormally high propane and natural gas prices, negatively impacted our live turkey productivity in margins, because turkey’s average at 22-week growing cycle. these higher cost turkeys were marketed in our second quarter and will continue to work through our system. We have also experienced lower bird weights impacting volumes throughout our system to Jennie-O Turkey Store segment reported second quarter dollar sales, 1% lower than last year with a volume decline of 5%. Other macro conditions including lower corn costs and higher turkey commodity prices, along with growth in our value-added product sales allowed our Jennie-O Turkey Store team to generate at least a modest increase in operating profit during the second quarter. For example, our investment in Make The Switch media campaign drove heightened consumer interest in the featured product, Jennie-O fresh ground turkey tray packs and ground turkey chubs. Our Specialty Foods segment reported an operating profit decrease of 26% and a sales decrease of 12%, largely driven by the expiration of the agreement in July of 2013 allowing Diamond Crystal Brands to sell certain sugar substitutes into foodservice trade channels. Our Specialty Foods scheme was able to generate gains in our nutritional products business during Q2. Our International & Other team turned in another strong quarter. segment profit increased 34% and sales grew 23%. this is the first full quarter in which we are including our SKIPPY operations in China. Strong export sales of SKIPPY peanut butter and fresh pork along with growth in our China operations, drove the positive results. Looking ahead to the second half, we expect elevated beef, pork, turkey, and avocado costs to continue to squeeze margins on many of our value-added products. Pricing actions taken this quarter will partially mitigate margin pressures, but will likely impact sales growth. on the other hand, the addition of the SKIPPY peanut butter business has added additional balance to our portfolio, moderating some of these overall input cost pressures. We anticipate pork raw material supplies that tighten significantly later in our third quarter, impacting our great food segment. Our team has done a good job preparing for these potential raw material challenges. due to anticipated lower hog supplies, today, we notified our Fremont, Nebraska employees that we will reduce our harvest operations to four days a week beginning in June. We will work closely with our employees and customers to keep them up-to-date on any additional changes that may impact them. The overall impact of tighter pork supplies on our industry remains to be seen. We continue expect the year-over-year sales and profit growth from our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment, our growth will be at more modest level than initially anticipated. Finally, we are enjoying significant growth in our international segment and look for this to continue going forward. Taking all of these significant factors into account, we are maintaining our fiscal 2014 guidance range of $2.17 to $2.27 per share, but expect our full year earnings to be toward the lower end of this range. The elevated input costs due to tighter supplies of many of our raw materials are transitory in nature and will normalize over time. Until then, we believe our experienced team will navigate these challenges and continue to deliver growth. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information, relating to the second quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2014 totaled $140.1 million or $0.52 per share, compared to $125.5 million or $0.46 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the second quarter totaled $2.24 billion, compared to $2.15 billion last year, a 4% increase. Volume for the second quarter was 1.22 billion pounds, down 1% from the same period last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were 7.4% of sales, down from 8% of sales last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses were higher last year due to SKIPPY related transactions and transition costs, totaling approximately $9 million, and primarily reflected in the Grocery Products and international segments. For the full year, we expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be between 7.3% and 7.6% of sales. Equity in earnings of affiliates was $3.6 million in the second quarter versus $7.2 million last year. The decrease is largely the result of higher input costs at our MegaMex Foods joint venture. Advertising expense for the quarter was $34.8 million, compared to $26.1 million last year. The increase was the result of the new Make The Switch ad campaign for Jennie-O Turkey Store and advertising for Hormel chili and SPAM luncheon meat. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.1 million, unchanged from last year. We expect interest expense to be $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2014. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 34%, versus 31.5% last year. For fiscal 2012 rate was lower due primarily to the benefit of settlements with various foreign and state tax jurisdictions. For fiscal 2014, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 34% and 34.5%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was $263.9 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was $270.4 million shares. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31.9 million, versus $31.3 million last year. we expect depreciation and amortization to be $125 million to $128 million for fiscal 2014. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $215 million unchanged from last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $40 million, up nearly $17 million over last year. For fiscal 2014, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $140 million to $150 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Rodney?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Farha Aslam of Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning, Farha.
Jody H. Feragen: Good morning.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.:  Two questions, the first one on your core business. could you just give us more color on the REV Wraps, and now that it’s been in the market for a while, how it’s performing, and the second one is on again, on your core business on the Compleats side, it looks like your shelf-stable microwavable meals just are soft and any actions you’re taking to turn that around.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you, Farha. In terms of REV, we’re really quite pleased with the progress of that relatively new product line. We’re hitting just about the one-year anniversary of it being available broadly in the marketplace. We’ve already hit our trial goal with the product and we’re very close to hitting our repeat purchase goal as well. To give you a sense of scale of the product line, I mean the IRI reported sales, whether you look at the last 13 weeks or last four weeks and extrapolate out on a full year basis, we’re at a pace right now of $50 million to $60 million, so that’s really a quite nice introduction. As we’ve talked about in the past, it’s not presently contributing to Refrigerated Foods segment profit in any meaningful way, because this is an investment time for that brand both in terms of advertising and slotting, but we’re very pleased with the progress thus far. Compleats is a slightly different story, where we continue to see sluggish sales, when it comes to that product line. There are certainly some products within the line that are doing well, including our new Compleats breakfast items. but overall, I would say that is a watch out for us. Our team is earnestly looking at different ways to either present the products in terms of the packaging, or in terms of what should be in the product line, pricing strategies, you name it, but we recognize that we need to restore growth in our Compleats product line.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.: Great. And then as a follow-up, you have a very strong balance sheet, and M&A is very prevalent in the space right now. Could you give us some commentary on what you’re seeing in terms of transactions, what’s of interest to Hormel, and any thoughts you’d have in terms of international versus domestic?
Jody H. Feragen: That’s a lot of questions. Let me try to answer them. First of all, we like to look for acquisitions that would add to our strategic platforms, certainly, those that are in growing categories and we certainly like number one or number two. We like them to be accretive to the segment profits, as well as accretive to the company as a whole. And we’re always looking for something where we bring more than just the checkbook to the closing. Certainly, anything that offers the opportunity to expand in the international area would be equally, or if not more appealing. So that’s kind of some of the things, if you look back at the SKIPPY transaction, that’s really what we got with that, so certainly looking for some of that. As far as transactions, where there has been a lot of them some expected, some unexpected. So I would say there’s probably some divesting of orphan brands like SKIPPY was, and then probably some consolidation, so a mixed bag there.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.: And anything that’s of particular interest to you?
Jody H. Feragen: I have nothing to comment on right now.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Hi, thank you.
Jeff Ettinger: Good morning, Robert.
Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Good morning. I’m just wondering if you Jody, whether you feel like this is the cut-in guidance, is it going to be enough? because as I look at the back half of the year, the back half still requires quite a bit of operating profit growth in order to be delivered. You’ve talked about the impact of the PED virus hurting your access to supplies, rising costs. And I think Jeff; I think you said that these price increases will partially mitigate to higher input costs. So it sounds like the back half is tough. You have a very tough comp in fourth quarter. What are the things that are going to help you deliver the back half?
Jody H. Feragen: Bob, I think there are some – certainly some unknowns and we’ve done our best job of making estimates of what those impacts are going to be for us. I will tell you that the macro industry conditions, relating to the hog supplies probably is hitting us a little later than we originally anticipated, but we’ve done our best job in factoring that. We have a few levers we can pull as far as making sure that some of the businesses have the appropriate investments to drive their business.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess the only thing that I could add is, I mean at a segment level, to add to Jody’s comment, I mean we think Refrigerated Foods is still in a position to be a strong contributor in Q3, given the delay and impact that we just discussed. And then, by Q4, we expect Jennie-O Turkey Store to be in a position to be providing positive growth, because they worked, by that time, they worked through these weather related issues that we’ve referenced.
Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay. Is your outlook for Q4 for Jennie-O, is it any lighter than it was before, or is your fourth quarter the same as it was, because before you were talking about fourth quarter being a very strong quarter for turkey.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The only remaining challenge that that group will be confronted with is that the grain picture is not as positive today as it was when the year started. So then that all comes down to how successful they are at balancing that against other production costs or pricing actions. but at this point, we do expect it to be a very solid quarter for them.
Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: And the spike in commodity turkey prices that happened recently is that a net positive for you in fourth quarter or is it kind of neutral?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It’s a positive, but it’s not a massive positive and we really don’t sell a lot of commodity turkey meat in the scheme of our overall operation, obviously, it’s a focus on value-added. But clearly, we would acknowledge that that’s a positive for the group.
Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi, Akshay.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Hi, first question just on SKIPPY. Can you give us a little bit more color on how the business is performing in the U.S. and internationally?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. We’re very pleased with how SKIPPY has been performing. The most recent quarter was a high single-digit sales gain in the U.S., so that’s very strong. I think we’re doing that on the basis of some of the distribution gains, we’ve referenced in the past and having more effective promotions on the product line. And then we expect to complement that by fall with a new ad campaign to really kind of again, remind the SKIPPY consumers about this great brand. In terms of the outside of the U.S. sales, I mean we’re just now kind of getting China online in terms of, we really don’t have the comps there. The non-China comps were up as well. So overall, we’re pleased with where SKIPPY is in both the U.S. and international markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And just a follow-up to that and more broadly, can you give us an update on your marketing plans for this year? You’d started off with a pretty significant increase in marketing and if I remember correctly, the budget last year was around $100 million and you were expecting it to be up almost 30% this year. Can you just give us an update and let us know if anything has changed per se in that particular plan?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. we do expect to still have a significant increase year-over-year in terms of our marketing spend. It won’t probably be at the 30% level, it may be more like 15% to 20%. For example, we’ll be coming out a little bit later with the SKIPPY campaign. We really want to make sure we got the messaging right, and we think the timing it to the back-to-school time is more effective than say an earlier summer launch, so that is one budgetary change we’ve made. But overall we do expect to be in the kind of might be the 115 to 120 range in terms of those expenditures.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: But there the only change here is you sort of delayed some of the investments on SKIPPY, it’s a timing issue, correct?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, SKIPPY I mean, once we do come out with it we’ll certainly put a solid effort against an effort that will then overlap into fiscal 2015. So yes there is a timing change at least in relation to SKIPPY.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay and just on this commodity cost pressure issue and your view that it’s temporary, can you give us a little bit more color on what product categories and more importantly, from a modeling perspective, I mean where does that flow through? It seems like Grocery Product is probably the division that’s hit the most by it but you also have a significant value added presence in Refrigerated. So can you give us a sense as sort of where you’re seeing more of the weakness from a segment perspective? And then just a little bit more color in terms of what products are getting impacted and are you taking more pricing now and as such when that flows through the margins should normalize?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Actually I would agree with the characterization that I think the Grocery group probably has the most franchises that are impacted by what the cost pressures we’re experiencing right now. Our outlook would be that when it comes to say the pork prices, that we do think this will – it’ll be several month process but we don’t think there’s been a systemic change in the cost picture in the pork industry. The beef price increases everybody kind of saw coming and certainly is a little bit more of a systemic challenge, I think in the long run they are expecting to build beef herds back but that’s not going to happen overnight. We mentioned avocados pressures those are kind of related to the drought in California, although we don’t source significant avocados from California. It is a Global Market ultimately and so when those supplies tighten up or expected to tighten up when prices go up we’ve experienced cost increases even from our supplies in Mexico, Peru and Chile, as well. We clearly the value-added items within the Refrigerated Foods group are also being impacted by the cost increases. Our Foodservice team has been more successful to date in adjusting pricing to match up against new cost reality, but our retail Meat Products group is catching up and should be in a position to be back in a balance before the year is over.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So just to be clear, what changed internally from an input cost and sort of margin expectation? Is it just that the cost escalated more than you were expecting and as such, there’s just a lag, or is it that the pricing is not as effective and that is not, you’re unable to pass it through?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It’s really on the cost side. We talked about the impact of our operations in terms of the sort of expected four-day work week in June in Fremont, and so clearly from a hog intake standpoint that we’re expecting the impact to our organization to be sort of kind of late third quarter early fourth quarter. But the price impact of what’s going on in the country in terms of pork supplies was very pronounced during the second quarter and very sharp and that’s always probably the hardest scenarios when we get a quick, deep increase in cost. Trim costs, selling costs, you name it, they’ve rocketed up and those have been very difficult to price against.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just one last one for Jody. Can you give us a little bit color into the cash balance that went down pretty significantly this quarter? It seemed like it was working capital related, but it was a little bit unusual at least from my expectations. Was that something you were expecting, or can you give us a little bit more color into what drove that?
Jody H. Feragen: Sure, you’re right. Working capital was a big use of cash for the quarter. We saw a pretty significant inventory build, part of that was driven by just those rapidly rising costs that were going into our products, so not necessarily more tonnage, but higher costs. And then also driven by, I think, some of the comments that we’ve made about preparing for these potential holes in the hogs where we’re taking certain of our valued primals and having them be in storage so we have enough supply for later. So those would be the biggest drivers on the inventory. We did see a reduction in our payables, specifically related to the timing of the tax payment. So that was expected. And then really from a free cash flow standpoint, our CapEx spending is up year-over-year and that as we messaged even from the beginning of the fiscal year, we’re making certain investments in productivity improvements, we have new vendoring operation that’s kind of just the cost of doing business that will be much more efficient with that. And then adding some capacities certainly the new bacon one product resulted in some expenditures to get that product launched, so a mix of some not repair and maintenance, but ongoing upgrades to existing facilities, as well as some new expansions. So those would be the biggest. I would expect by the end of the year that we will get our inventories down at some more normalized levels, but really trying to work through these difficult times that we’re expecting.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Maybe first to kind of get a little bit more on the PED side, just trying to get a sense of if the impact of summary, you announced the closing of our reduced work weeks in one of your plants. If the impact is as you expected it would be, if it’s been more pronounced and a longer tail and characterize how the evolution of PED has shaped up relative to your expectations.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. For our operations, Adam, it came a little bit more slowly than maybe we had originally feared, but clearly at this point based on our conversations with the producers with whom we have contracts, we expect tightened numbers now for the summer and that’s what led us to go at our four day work week. Clearly a number of other processes in the industry had already made that move. There were other regions of the country where the impact of the illness that hit earlier, and so I think their tightening of numbers had already occurred. The other thing that everyone in the industry is monitoring is sort of is the recovery side from it and I think everyone would tell you at this point it’s not a 100% recovery yet. That’s what you seek to accomplish when you have an outbreak like this, but the entities that once they’ve kind of had the exposure to it and they get back into operation, they are not in many cases hitting the 100% level and so that’s a little bit of a wildcard for us as we head into the latter part of the year or even early next year, in terms of what kind of numbers we might see.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, and so it’s really at this point too early to think about how long this tail can be, your discussions with your suppliers for the next few months will be the big determination on what the pork supply looks like in the first half of your fiscal 2015?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, definitely an impact into Q4, but yes, kind of early to tell for 2015.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay and that’s helpful. And then maybe switching gears, following-up on Farha’s question, obviously, your balance sheet is a great asset and in a great position; however, with the ownership of the foundation where it is, it kind of constrains you a little bit in your capital allocation. Can you talk about any perspective repurchases of shares from the foundation, or there would be any authority or interest in that regard to just give you a more balanced, more flexible capital allocation process?
Jody H. Feragen: Well, that would obviously be up to the foundation, if their interest is in selling any shares. We certainly do have authorization that would allow us to do any repurchases of shares. We made some small purchases during the quarter and we continue to assess what our expected uses for cash flow are and balance that with what kind of ROI we get on the investment and our internal stocks. So I’m not in control of what the foundation wants to do with their shares.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right, fair enough, I’ll pass it on. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Diane Geissler of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi, Diane.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: I wanted to ask about the turkey business. Is there any way to quantify what you think the impact of some of these sort of, I guess, call them one-off really terrible winter in the propane prices spiking. I’m assuming that you had hedges in place, but that maybe you came under like a force Majeure, where your suppliers said that we don’t have it and therefore, you have to go on to the spot market, was that a factor? And then I guess you said 22 weeks, so should we assume it will impact your margins all the way into the first quarter of 2015, or do you think that it will be limited to 2014?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, on the propane side, yes, we did have some forward positions in place and yes, we did get impacted by force Majeure clauses, as they had pipeline issues and other issues this winter, so that was – that certainly exacerbated an already difficult situation when it came to just share market pricing, because we don’t forward by all of it clearly. so we did have to scramble and cover some of that on the open market. In terms of your second question on timing, 22 weeks, but the bite from the winter, really obviously, took place in the primary winter months kind of, December, January and February, even maybe a little March. So now, we don’t – we really don’t expect the impact from that to trail all the way into our fiscal 2015, in fact, even by the Q4, we should be in a better position when it comes to that impact.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Can you quantify the propane impact, just in terms of if it had been delivered on a hedged basis, versus you buying in the spot market?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I really can’t give you that detail. I can give you that, just in terms of this overall for Jennie-O, we provided guidance at the beginning of the year that we really had expected and hoped that Jennie-O would be in a growth position really, frankly quarter-after-quarter in fiscal 2015, and you can see from the results that what’s happened is it’s been basically flat, where it’s not like we lost a lot of ground, they still have really solid operating margins, but as basically, propane is one of the deltas that have driven it from a good gain to flat. But there’s other ones such as the feed, not being quite as favorable as we thought that has been a factor as well.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Can I just ask what you’ve actually communicated to your employees at the plant for furloughs like how long they should expect to be furloughed or has it ended?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. so we just did that this morning. So we wanted to be on a consistent basis with public information, talking to them about an impact starting in June. We talked about being closed on Fridays within that plant, depending on the hog flow in a given week; there may be opportunities to make up some additional hours on the Monday through Thursday schedule. The summer in the past has sometimes been a time where people are looking to take vacation, or you have some scheduling differentials anyway. so what we’ve said is kind of indefinite. We certainly anticipate that it will certainly last at least a couple of months, but we’ll just kind of have to see on a rolling basis, as to when we think we have the numbers back to be in a position to restore that plant to full hours.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Larson of C.L King. Please go ahead.
Eric J. Larson – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi Eric.
Eric J. Larson – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: I have a very specific Jennie-O question, and it relates to your energy issues up there. I know there are a number of sort of natural gas pipeline projects going on in Wisconsin. and I don’t know if you’re anywhere close to any of those gas lines that you could potentially put the CapEx into, and convert your grow-up facilities from propane to natural gas. Is there any distinct possibility that something like that could happen where you wouldn’t then have to be so tied into specifically propane?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It’s a great question, Eric and indeed, the team is actively pursuing that. We actually were pursuing it even before the propane shortage, just because natural gas was looking attractive, obviously at a time before that. It’s a somewhat gradual conversion for us, just fairly in-depth process, we’re on kind of a maybe 20 farm a year schedule in order looking at a conversion in that regard. so there won’t be an immediate solution to anything, but definitely a good point there in terms of a better long-term position for those facilities. 
Eric J. Larson – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay, good. I’m glad to hear that you’re actually within striking distance, where you can actually do some conversions, which over the long run, it’s easier to hedge natural gas and everything else, and I think it would be a lot more reliable supply. The second follow-on question that I have, when you talk about the favorable turkey commodity markets, and I know that you have moved a tremendous amount of your volume away from those commodity markets into your further value add, is that still in general, can that be a significant swing factor quarter-to-quarter as to the performance of the commodity markets?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, I mean it’s still relevant. I mean we certainly still sell a number of the dark meat items on a commodity basis, either in international marketplaces, or in some cases to other manufactures. so I don’t want to discount and pretend that that’s not a factor at all. It definitely can be a relatively big swing, but clearly the emphasis for Jennie-Our, the 75% to 80% of the portfolio are the value-added items and we’ve really taken pains to try to match up our overall production within the system to those value-added items. The fact that we were short weights this last quarter again, kind of dampened our ability to take advantage of those commodity markets on a more broad basis, because again, we needed to grab as many pounds as possible to make sure we were supporting the value-added items.
Eric J. Larson – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sachin Shah of Albert Fried. Please go ahead.
Sachin Shah – Albert Fried & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. I just want to talk to you about your kind of acquisition strategy. There has been kind of a lot of speculation out there, what companies you may be interested or not interested in, so maybe, you can just highlight, maybe in a summary of just your acquisition kind of strategy and what you guys are looking for to deploy capital.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think Jody addressed that earlier. I mean we clearly have been active in the acquisition community over the last dozen years, completing over $2 billion worth of deals that have helped the growth of our company. We clearly are in a position, we have the financial wherewithal, and I think the team capabilities to do other deals in terms of general spaces, I mean you can get online this afternoon and watch the Bank of Montreal conference and we’ll have a slide in our deck that talks about different areas where we’ve made acquisitions in the past. But we really don’t provide any specificity about potential targets going forward and that’s something that the team keeps on a proprietary basis.
Sachin Shah – Albert Fried & Co. LLC:  Okay. Any just maybe follow-up comment on the deal activity in the space right now, I’ve seen a few transactions already in 2014. So, just maybe some color on your thoughts on what that means for the sector, industry and use specifically.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. I don’t know that I have a perspective that would be any better than an investor who is following the space. Clearly, there have been some deals announced recently. I’ve been in the shop now nine years and there has been an ebb and flow of deal during that whole timeframe, there’s fairly notable changes in the industry, I think that’s just part of what happens in modern business. But I guess I don’t have any specific perspective to offer you at this point.
Sachin Shah – Albert Fried & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) There are no further questions. Are there any other points you wish to raise?
Jana L. Haynes: No, thank you. I just want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and we will be holding a webcast later of our presentation today at 4 P.M. Eastern. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the second quarter earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jana Haynes Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Jeremy Scott - CLSA Limited, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division Rachel Nabatian Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference is being recorded today, February 20, 2014. And I will now turn the conference over to Jana Haynes, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jana Haynes: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2014. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter. Then, Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks. [Operator Instructions] An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, February 20, 2014. The dial-in number is 1 (800) 406-7325 and the access code is 4664913. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 26 through 30 in the company's annual report for the fiscal year ended October 27, 2013, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We announced record first quarter earnings this morning of $0.57 per share, up 19% over last year. Operating profit increased by 20% with 4 of our 5 segments registering gains this quarter. In terms of the top line, we generated record sales of $2.2 billion, an increase of 6% over last year on volume growth of 2%. I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products segment profit increased 13%, and sales grew by 20%. Sales for Grocery Products in the quarter were down 2% excluding Skippy products. Sales gains in Grocery Products were led by Skippy peanut butter, Hormel chili, Hormel bacon toppings and the HERDEZ line of salsas and sauces. We are particularly pleased with our team's success in securing increased distribution and feature activity for our Skippy peanut butter products. While our Grocery Products segment profit increased during the quarter, there were some challenges. Higher beef and pork input costs pressured the margins of some of our core products, and sales of our SPAM family of products and Hormel Compleats microwave meals were soft during Q1. Segment operating profit for Refrigerated Foods was up 59%, driven by positive pork operating margins and growth in both our foodservice and retail value-added franchises. Sales for Refrigerated Foods increased 6% led by retail sales of our Hormel BLACK LABEL bacon, LLOYD'S Ribs and Hormel REV Snack Wraps. We also enjoyed sales growth in our foodservice business, including such items as our Hormel FIRE BRAISED Meats and Old Smokehouse Pecanwood Smoked Bacon. Segment volume for Refrigerated Foods declined 1% due to increased internal utilization of raw materials and the impact of our exit from the animal feed business in the second quarter of 2013. Segment profit at Jennie-O Turkey Store increased 1%. While we benefited from more favorable feed cost this quarter, the savings were offset by weaker live production performance due to the sustained extremely cold temperatures we have experienced this winter. The unusually cold weather has also caused national propane and natural gas shortages driving up the cost of these fuels significantly, which will negatively impact our raw material costs in the second and third quarters. Sales of our Jennie-O turkey Store lean ground turkey chubs and tray packs were strong in the first quarter as we kicked off a new Make The Switch media campaign in January, featuring lean ground turkey as an ingredient in tacos. Overall, the Jennie-O turkey Store segment reported sales growth of 2% on flat volume. Timing differences of whole bird shipments for the holiday season year-over-year masked some of the value-added sales increases we enjoyed during the quarter. We are pleased with the sustained growth of our value-added turkey products in retail, foodservice and deli as consumers continue to find better food solutions in our portfolio of turkey products. Our Specialty Foods segment reported an operating profit decrease of 11% and a sales decrease of 16% driven by the expiration of the agreement last summer, allowing Diamond Crystal Brands to sell certain sugar substitutes in the foodservice trade channels. The decline from the contract expiration more than offset gains in our sugar and Hormel health labs businesses. Our Specialty Foods team is focused on rebuilding its product portfolio and providing sales and operating profit growth as soon as possible. Our International & Other segment profit increased 32%, and sales grew 24%. Strong export sales of the SPAM family of products and Skippy peanut butter drove the positive results. Our China operations also continue to augment segment sales growth. As we move into the second quarter, we will kick off national media campaigns and promotional activity to support our SPAM family of products and Compleats microwave meals. We also expect continued positive momentum when it comes to our Skippy brand. Pork operating margins continue to be favorable. Bacon demand remains strong, and we are very pleased with the performance of our Hormel REV Snack Wraps, which are exceeding our expectations with excellent repeat purchase rates. The PED virus has impacted our internal farm operations and several of our independent hog suppliers. Our Refrigerated Foods team is closely monitoring the effects on our pork raw material supplies. Based on the timing of the virus breaks in our supply chain so far, we anticipate tighter pork raw materials in the summer months. We are taking steps now to ensure we will be able to meet the needs of our customers during this time period. We continue to expect year-over-year sales and profit growth from Jennie-O Turkey Store, but profit growth will be at more modest levels than initially anticipated due to fuel costs. Finally, we are enjoying significant growth in our International & Other business segment and look for this to continue going forward. Taking all of these significant factors into account, we are maintaining our fiscal 2014 earnings guidance of $2.17 to $2.27 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the first quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Earnings for the first quarter of fiscal 2014 totaled $153.3 million or $0.57 per share compared to $129.7 million or $0.48 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the first quarter totaled $2.24 billion compared to $2.12 billion last year, a 6% increase. Volume for the first quarter was 1.27 billion pounds, up 2% from the same period last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were 7.4% of sales, unchanged from last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses are expected to be between 7.3% and 7.6% of sales for the full year. Equity and earnings of affiliates was $4.7 million in the first quarter versus $9.8 million last year. The decrease is the result of unfavorable exchange rates and lower earnings at our MegaMex foods joint venture, which experienced higher input costs. Advertising expense for the quarter was $36.1 million compared to $24.7 million last year. The increase was the result of the new Make The Switch ad campaign for Jennie-O Turkey Store and the national advertising campaign for Hormel REV wrap. Additionally, advertising campaigns are planned for Skippy peanut butter, our SPAM family of products and Hormel Compleats microwave meals. Interest and investment income was $1.2 million for the first quarter compared to $1.8 million last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.1 million, unchanged from last year. We expect interest expense to be about $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2014. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 34.3% versus 33.5% in fiscal 2013. For fiscal 2014, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 34% and 35%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the first quarter was 263.8 million shares. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the first quarter was 270.2 million shares. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31.8 million, up from $29.8 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 million to $128 million in fiscal 2014. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, unchanged from last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter total $37 million compared to $22.1 million last year. For fiscal 2014, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $130 million to $140 million. At the beginning of the first quarter, we completed the acquisition of the Skippy peanut butter business in China, spending $41.4 million and using our available cash balances for the transaction. The integration of this business into our current sales and distribution operation has been completed by our international team. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Luke?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today will come from the line of Jeremy Scott of CLSA.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Can you give us an update on the REV product line? How are consumers responding? And how is it performing versus your expectations? And then maybe an update on the Compleats breakfast line as well.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Very good. We're very pleased with how REV is performing in the marketplace. As we exited the holiday season and got into kind of back-to-school time frame for the winter semester at schools, we're seeing good sales response. We're ahead of schedule in terms of our repeat measures on this product line. We continue to have excellent distribution in the marketplace and would expect that our relaunch consumer advertising campaign will also add to sales within the REV line. When it comes to breakfast Compleats, we've had reasonably good success getting the product landed at a number of retailers. It's becoming one of the better selling items of the Compleats line, a few of the varieties, and so we're pleased in that regard. Overall, I have to concede the Compleats didn't fully live up to our expectations for the quarter, but we do between the advertising that's kicking in for Compleats and some better feature activities that we know we have on the books for the upcoming 2 quarters, we expect some improvements on the Compleats line and breakfast Compleats will be part of that.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Great. And I appreciate it's pretty difficult to track, but on PED, can you talk about your exposure relative to the industry? It seems like a lot of the barns affected are from your primary sourcing areas. And then maybe get into how -- what's the volume impact for the summer months and how the margin volatility is going to play into your guidance.
Jody H. Feragen: Wow, that's a lot of questions in one question. Certainly, the industry condition leaves supplies uncertain for, I think, a lot of folks in the industry, and we would expect higher hog prices to result from that. And that's pretty much reflected in what we're seeing in the futures market. Our team has worked hard to identify gaps that we see in our supply chain, along with our internal supply, as well as our producers. And we will look to make sure that we try to secure enough production to make sure that we can meet our customers' needs and the needs of our value-added businesses. Did that answer all your questions? I'm trying to remember what the rest of them were.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Just what the -- what your expectations for a volume impact may be in the summer months when the shortages really come to -- into play.
Jody H. Feragen: Boy, I don't really have a specific decline number for us because, as I'd indicated, we've been working to fill some of those gaps, so might be even a little early to tell. The benefit is, is that it's moving across the country, if you will, in waves so that it's not all going to absolutely hit one particular period.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question is on Jennie-O Turkey, can you -- you mentioned the fuel cost and just the tough -- the cold weather and the impact that's having on the operating profit. Can you help us quantify that in anyway?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess, the best I can tell you, Akshay, would be that our original expectations for Jennie-O Turkey Store were reasonably solid gains year-over-year in segment profit for most of the quarters. As you saw in Q1, it was a much more modest gain. That's probably more of the mode we would expect now for the next couple of quarters. And then by the fourth quarter, we do expect the division to be in a position to be more solidly up. So you know the fuel costs and live production were somewhat unexpected, and it was some significance we do recognize, so obviously, there are some benefits in terms of total feed costs. They're on a relatively healthy position when it comes to the commodity meat markets within the turkey complex. And we're really quite happy with their value-added growth. I mean, even though the aggregate growth for all of Jennie-O in sales was 2%, as I mentioned some of that was related to some whole bird timing, and so notwithstanding the whole birds, our value-added businesses were up more in the 4% to 5% range. So we're very happy with that.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So the underlying sort of profitability of the business continues to move in the right direction. It's I would -- is it fair to say that this issue should be transitory? And it seems like a couple more quarters is sort of what you're expecting.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on refrigerated, I thought it was a very good quarter if you look at margins on a per-pound basis, probably the best one you've had in couple of years. So was it really that good? And then how do I parse out the -- or reconcile the commentary on the REV wraps and the volumes being down? I know there's a lot of moving parts, but clearly, the REV business is doing well, but will it start to show up in the revenue numbers? Or -- and if so, where? I'll pass it on.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. For Refrigerated Foods, I mean, it was a good quarter. I kind of look at 3 things going well within the refrigerated group, I mean, clearly, the basic cutout margins were a lot more favorable this year than what we had experienced a year ago. Secondly, some of the more kind of market-based supply chain type items, if you recall, we talked about those last year at the Investor Day, is bacon, for example, is being challenging circumstance for part of last year. That complex is in much better shape right now. And then our higher value-added items are all -- are really doing quite well. And again, I -- in terms of the masking effect of the change in feed sales and then some of the internal transfers, I mean, if you just kind of look at the retail value-added franchises, they were up solidly above 5% growth in the aggregate with several items doing well. REV is part of that. We're -- as we've mentioned earlier, we're happy with where REV is showing up, and we do expect to see a time where you'll see that top line reflected as part of the total Refrigerated Foods results.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Eric Larson of CL King.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on the cutout margins, Jeff. For the kind of the upcoming quarters, I think all of us pretty much anticipate you're going to have a tighter hog supply. Is there enough room at retail for the cutout margin -- for the prices to at least be able to offset your higher costs? In other words, can you at least maintain your cutout margin for the -- for, let's say, the next 2, 3 quarters?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The cutout margins were quite favorable in Q1. In our very current environment, they remain favorable, but -- and we've known from the last 2 years that, that can be mercurial. I mean, it -- and when you add in the effect of PED and what kind of a variable that might be is, I guess we're not counting on cutout margins staying at today's level, but that's where they are today.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes, I just didn't -- I'm just trying to get a feel for whether there's enough room in the whole meat complex. Obviously, you've got very high beef prices, and chicken prices have moved up, too, because your supplies have been constrained there as well. So it seems like there's the ability at retail to get to pricing that you need to offset that lower supply. But that's just my observation.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And number two, could you talk a little bit about -- more about MegaMex? Obviously, your equity earnings in the quarter were about half of what they were a year ago. And is it just a margin issue with input costs? And are they going to price to try to pick some of that back up in the back half or the final 9 months of your year? Or how should we look at that equity line?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, MegaMex, I mean, we talked last year about an earnout composition related to the Fresherized Food piece, and so really, for the remaining quarters of this year, that was still, on a percentage basis, hold down what ultimately MegaMex will contribute to the company. Otherwise, I mean, you have -- it's -- there are quite a few factors. I mean, there's peso exchange factors. There are some supply factors. We've had some uneveness in terms of business performance. The Don Miguel piece was a little bit softer in this quarter both in sales and in terms of some margin squeeze. On the other hand, the HERDEZ line was really quite strong, and we're happy with the sales of the Wholly -- the fresherized, the Wholly Guacamole item. So overall, we're still very high on what MegaMex is going to be able to do for the company, but we're kind of swimming through some choppy seas in terms of that equity and earnings line for probably the next couple of quarters.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Rachel Nabatian of Crédit Suisse.
Rachel Nabatian: First question is a follow-up to Akshay's. On Jennie-O, are you running the business as well as you thought you would internally? The cold weather and fuel costs are things that we've heard about the commodity chicken operators, but the depths and the expected duration of the negative impact, hasn't been to the same extent as what you have discussed today.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Yes, I mean, we're -- we think the team up there really does a very good job in terms of trying to anticipate potential challenges. I mean, the whole situation related to propane and we've got into a mode here during January where we were a little bit concerned as to whether we would even get any propane. And when you have live turkeys in a barn, that's a very significant problem. We did survive through that time frame but with much more significant costs than what our initial plans had been built around. We do believe that there'll be somewhat of a transitory effect of those costs as we finally get out of the cold weather and hopefully, the markets return to some normalcy. We're seeing some improvement on the natural gas front already in terms of the market coming back a little bit more normal situation and would expect propane to follow. But overall, I mean, it's -- I would agree that we would have even a stronger quarter at Jennie-O but for those conditions, but I think the team's doing what they can to weather those.
Rachel Nabatian: Okay, that's fair. And then just one follow-up question on REV wraps and protein snacking trends. So I just got back from CAGNY, and almost every presenter had a focus on protein. And then Kraft and Hillshire Brands were introducing meat plates, plates with meat, nuts and cheese or chicken with dipping sauce. And so I guess I just wanted to know your thoughts on this and if you think it's a positive since it'll grow the category. I believe these products are generally next to REV wraps in-store.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Well, I mean, it's early to tell. I mean, some of those products are just going to get in market this spring. I mean, they've been shown to the retailers, but in terms of actual shelf impact, we obviously believe in the concept that meat or meat and cheese combinations could be a positive element for consumers when it comes to snacking opportunities. And so it's certainly not stunning to us that others have looked at the marketplace the same way and have come up with different offerings. I mean, it's -- I think the offerings that I've seen are really all quite different from each other, so there certainly is the possibility that they could well be complementary and hit consumers at slightly different occasions or maybe a slightly different age audience. But in terms of what we're looking to accomplish with REV, we're happy with what we've seen, and we continue to gain shelf placements even in the environment of others offering -- introducing new items.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Sorry to beat a dead horse here. But if I kind of think about the turkey business, is it fair to say about $20 million over a 3-quarter period is kind of the estimated cost associated with this? Is that a fair number?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: You're talking about fuel alone?
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes. Just from a 3-quarter impact, first, second and third quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: If you're looking just fuel cost by itself, that number is low. But we obviously have other things offsetting some of the fuel, unexpectedly high fuel. But as we -- we use a significant amount of fuel in the operation. So it was north of $10 million for -- on a 1-quarter basis.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So actually, the more interesting question I hope is, all right, so now you had greater pressure from that, which was unexpected. What was better than expected to offset this throughout the whole organization? Because if you're saying $20 million to $30 million is low, obviously, you've had other successes that may not -- were not in your forecast as well. So what actually is exceeding your expectations across your portfolio?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Refrigerated Foods ended up doing a little bit better than we thought. We knew they were going to have a positive year, but the overall total in terms of their gain year-over-year was more significant than we had originally planned. And we are attaining kind of better than pro forma benefits from Skippy peanut butter in both the grocery and international segment.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. And my final question is on the Compleats, what is the -- I mean, in SPAM, what do you think the progress will be throughout the year in terms of the build? Because it seems like this is again another -- one other piece of your portfolio that has not been as good as we would have expected, but it sounds like you guys are addressing it again.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Ken, I don't have a real clean answer for you on that. I mean, it's been a little bit of a puzzle even internally. We thought maybe we had turned the corner a little bit last year. We had a couple of really pretty strong quarters with Compleats heading into Q4, and kind of later in the year, it was a little softer. And then Q1, clearly, it did not meet our expectations. So we're hopeful that the new marketing effort and the new -- and some of the promotions we have with the customers will get that back on the right trajectory. We think we've introduced some items that consumers like in terms of the breakfast Compleats items. But time will tell here. I mean, I would agree with you that, that's been one of our franchises that's been a little bit more of a struggle for us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from the line of Farha Aslam of Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: A question around the very strong margins in fresh pork and kind of how you think about pricing in your value-added products because it looks like hog costs will go up going into that spring-summer time frame. Are you thinking that you're going to focus on passing along those prices in your packaged meats items? Or are you thinking of more taking a balanced approach and saying, "Okay, I'm making a lot in fresh pork. Maybe I don't need to take as much on my packaged meats."?
Jody H. Feragen: Sure, Farha. This is Jody. We always evaluate where we're at with our cost structure and the prices that we go to the retailers with. And in some instances, like the supply chain items, it's probably a more rapid change. Certainly in some of foodservice areas, we have contracts that have levers that move along with the cost of goods. I would expect that we'll continue to evaluate and look at where we need to take pricing. And if it's appropriate at the time, we'll -- we won't be the only ones with those higher input costs in the industry.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then so your -- sort of how much timing is required for you if we see -- because we see that summer hogs are going to be really expensive. You need to start talking about pricing with retailers now? Or can you -- or is it all automatically or formulaic? We're just trying to understand how you're planning on managing that summer hog hit.
Jody H. Feragen: Sure. From the retail perspective, I would say the team's probably looking at it right now. It'll be dependent on evaluating those gaps in our supply chain and what we think it's going to do to us internally. So I would believe the team is working on it now.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: And on the grocery side, we actually have gone to our customers and notified them of pricing on such as the beef-based items, such as Hormel chili, Mary Kitchen hash and also on SPAM luncheon meat.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And sort of the degree of pricing that you've taken on those, roughly?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Low to mid-single digit. It varies by item.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then this has been -- sort of you've had China with that Skippy business for about a quarter now. Kind of now that you've had it, how do you feel about it? Have you been able to kind of marry SPAM and Skippy in China? And how is that working out?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's working out well. I mean, it's interesting. In terms of our quarter 1 results, our international team actually didn't get their hands on the business as quickly to be able to benefit fully from it in the quarter. They kind of by January kind of had the full control, and so they got 1 month worth of full benefit of integration of China. But they're quite happy with what they've been able to do with some of the distributors, not only in China but in some of the other Asian-based markets where we have seen an ability to kind of lever at least the attention level or if somebody can carry both a SPAM and a Skippy as items into the marketplace. So -- and then it's really -- it's way too early in terms of any sort of operating synergies. I mean, we literally have had our team helping the local group there for a very short period of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Akshay Jagdale.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about Skippy. I think last quarter, you said you wouldn't talk about that line item like financially separately. But are you -- it seems like it's going better. So can you give us some more color on what's going better? Is it the peanut cost issue? Or is it just distribution and maybe a little bit more color on what's driving that? Obviously, the sales execution seems to be better, but anything to help us understand the performance of Skippy within the context of the category because the other big brand has had some issues in recent months?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Well, I mean, the costs have remained benign, so that's been positive overall for the net margin for the business. But probably the bigger factor that has been the consumer reception to our positioning with the item. We -- as we took the item over, we found there were some retailers that had either no Skippy items or pretty scant section even though we could identify there were long-standing consumers within that marketplace. And so they were quite receptive to the notion of us getting back in and becoming supportive behind it. And we coupled that with promotional support. Clearly, it -- especially on a year-over-year basis, if you think about it, this was the quarter that last year the business was for sale. So I don't blame the seller that they probably weren't spending a lot of time promoting the product that quarter. So on a year-over-year basis especially, we certainly drove some added feature activity but our feature spending on this item is now at a level that's kind of commensurate with being the #2 player in the category. It allows us to generate some good solid growth in terms of the top line but also is living up to our performance expectations in terms of margins.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And now you're going to put some marketing behind it and then sort of the innovation piece will come after that. Is that how we...
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, exactly, Akshay. So the timing, I mean, we're looking at back-to-school time for the advertising. I mean, we're still settling on kind of the final new campaign themes and what the media elements will be. But I would -- you should look for it in the later part of our fiscal year as the kids go back to school in the fall. And then the new product innovation -- and we have some closer-end things that will hit the market here soon. But in terms of kind of a more major, what we talked about, sort of the out of the jar type newer opportunities, those definitely are more 2015, probably not even right out of the gate 2015. But we'll follow on soon after when the marketing kicks off.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just one last one on grocery, just can you talk a little bit about the environment. Obviously, the center of the store is quite pressured, and we've heard that a lot in CAGNY. But I don't think it's clear to anybody, really, why the consumers are so strapped especially on their food purchase. And so any -- what are your -- what's your read on that situation?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, for us, the center of the store was somewhat choppy. I mean, we had items such as SPAM and Compleats that ended up having declines year-over-year. And so certainly, you can look at those and say, gee, we're experiencing some kind of at least short-term contraction of those franchises in this current environment. On the other hand, we had several items that did well, like bacon bits and chili and HERDEZ and Wholly. And so we were, I guess, blessed, if you will, with a lot of niche relatively young items in some cases that are still finding more and more consumers. And so we're maybe a little less than the mode of having a lot of high household penetrations, extremely mature franchises. And so we seem to be able to expand our consumer base even in this current economic environment.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back to management for any closing.
Jana Haynes: Thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Hormel Foods. Have a great day.
Operator: And thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude the conference call for today. Again, we thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-11-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jana Haynes Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Andrew Strelzik Eric Gottlieb - Stephens Inc., Research Division Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is also being recorded today, Tuesday, November 26, 2013. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Jana Haynes. Go ahead, please.
Jana Haynes: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. We released our results this morning before the market opened. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter and the year, along with our guidance for fiscal 2014, then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter and the year. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks. [Operator Instructions] An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, November 26, 2013. The dial-in number is (800) 406-7325 and the access code is 4649315. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 33 through 39 in the company's 10-Q for the quarter ended July 28, 2013, filed on September 6, 2013, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you, Jana, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report a strong finish to fiscal 2013. Earnings per share in the fourth quarter were $0.58, up 18% from a year ago, on sales of $2.3 billion, a 7% increase over last year. We generated segment profit and sales growth in 4 out of our 5 segments. For the full year, the company earned a record $1.95 per share, representing a 5% increase. We provided adjusted earnings guidance in June where we said we would earn between $1.88 and $1.96 per share for the year, and I am pleased to report we finished at the upper end of that range. Sales were $8.8 billion, an increase of 6%. I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products group contributed significantly to our Q4 results, with segment profit up 17% and sales up 23%. Sales for Grocery Products in the quarter grew 1% excluding Skippy products. For the year, segment profit was up 18% and sales were up 30%. Excluding sales of Skippy peanut butter and Don Miguel products, sales were up 2% for the year. Sales of our Hormel Compleats microwave meals grew nicely during the quarter, enhanced by the introduction of our new Compleats breakfast meal items. We were also pleased with Skippy peanut butter sales this quarter. Our direct sales force has done a nice job generating distribution gains of Skippy peanut butter products domestically. In our MegaMex foods business, sales gains were led by HERDEZ sauces, tortillas and snacks. Our Refrigerated Foods Q4 operating profit increased 30%, with sales up 4%. For the full year, operating profit in this segment was up 2% and sales increased 1%. We enjoyed solid sales of Hormel Pepperoni, Hormel Natural Choice lunchmeat and LLOYD'S Ribs in the retail channel. Our Hormel REV Snack Wraps are enjoying broad consumer acceptance, driven in part by a national advertising campaign started in late July. We are also excited about the recent reformulation and packaging updates of our Hormel Country Crock Side Dishes, introduced just in time for the holiday season. Our Foodservice group provided nice contributions with its value-added products led by sales of Hormel Natural Choice deli meats and HORMEL FIRE BRAISED Meats. Hog costs were unseasonably high this quarter, but pork operating margins were improved as compared to last year's challenging operating environment. Retail bacon pricing actions taken last quarter helped drive improved Refrigerated Foods margins during the fourth quarter as well. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment continues to build favorable momentum, delivering increased segment profit of 25% on a sales increase of 7% during the quarter. For the full year, segment operating profit was down 7% and sales increased 3%. Results at Jennie-O in the quarter were driven by continued growth in value-added sales, along with performance gains and expense reductions in the live production supply chain. These gains more than made up for year-over-year higher grain costs and lower commodity turkey meat prices. Sales of Jennie-O Turkey Store retail fresh turkey chubs, turkey breakfast sausage chubs and turkey bacon were robust, while fresh Turkey tray pack sales were down during the quarter. Our Specialty Foods segment reported an operating profit decrease of 34% and a sales decrease of 14%, driven by the expiration of the agreement allowing Diamond Crystal Brands to sell certain sugar substitutes in the foodservice trade channels. Full year results for Specialty Foods showed operating profit up 7% on 1% higher sales. Our International & Other segment capped off an excellent year by posting another noteworthy quarter with segment operating profit up 82% and sales up 38%. Strong export sales of SPAM products, along with the addition of the Skippy export business drove the positive results. Our China operations also continue to augment segment sales growth. For the full year, segment operating profit was up 43% and sales were up 23% for our international team. Earlier today, we completed the acquisition of the Skippy peanut butter business in China and welcomed the Weifang China team to the Hormel Foods organization. Our team in China is fully prepared to integrate this business into our current sales and distribution operations within China, leveraging all available synergies in short order. Moving into fiscal 2014, we intend to again grow both sales and earnings. We expect our Grocery Products, Refrigerated Foods, Jennie-O Turkey Store and International & Other segments to contribute to the earnings growth. Our Specialty Foods segment will likely register an earnings decline as we rebuild after the expiration of the contract representing a significant portion of our sugar substitute business. We do expect more favorable grain and turkey commodity costs heading into 2014, as well as more normalized pork operating margins. We will also benefit from a full year of the Skippy peanut butter brand in the hands of our Grocery Products and International teams. We plan to continue building the REV brand with advertising support in 2014. We will also focus advertising dollars on our Jennie-O Turkey Store Make The Switch campaign, and we intend to launch the first national advertising campaign in over 10 years to support the Skippy brand in the latter half of 2014. Headwinds to our outlook for 2014 include high beef input costs and potentially volatile hog costs due to concerns in the marketplace about the PED virus affecting supply. The impact of the virus on the industry overall remains to be seen. We plan to maintain hog harvest levels flat to a year ago, but we'll closely monitor hog prices as the year progresses. Our balance model continues to smooth out volatility in our earnings stream as evidenced by our track record of increased earnings in 27 of the last 30 years. We believe our strong brands in niche categories and our focus on innovation to deliver products valued by consumers, put us in a position to deliver strong results for years to come. After taking into account all of these significant factors, we have established our fiscal 2014 earnings guidance range at $2.17 to $2.27 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2013.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net earnings for the fiscal 2013 fourth quarter totaled $157.3 million or $0.58 per diluted share compared to $132.6 million or $0.49 per share a year ago. Net earnings for the 12 months of fiscal 2013 totaled $526.2 million or $1.95 per share compared to net earnings of $500.1 million or $1.86 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the fourth quarter totaled $2.3 billion compared to $2.2 billion last year, a 7% increase. For the full year, dollar sales were $8.8 billion, a 6% increase from last year. Volume for the fourth quarter was 1.3 billion pounds, up 3% from fiscal 2012. Year-to-date, volume was 5 billion pounds, up 3% over last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were 6.3% of sales compared to 7.4% of sales last year. Year-to-date, selling, general and administrative expenses were 7.2% of sales compared to 7.4% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be between 7.3% and 7.6% of sales for fiscal 2014. Equity and earnings of affiliates was $2.1 million in the fourth quarter versus $10 million last year. The decrease is the result of lower earnings at our MegaMex foods joint venture, which experienced higher incentive expense on the Fresherized Foods acquisition, unfavorable exchange rates and higher input costs. The incentive expense will be completed in 2014. Interest and investment income was $2.5 million for the fourth quarter compared to $1.7 million last year. Year-to-date, interest and investment income was $5 million compared to $6.5 million a year ago. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.1 million compared to $3.2 million last year. Year-to-date interest expense was $12.5 million down from $12.9 million last year. We expect interest expense to be about $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2014. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 33.9% versus 33.1% in fiscal 2012. The year-to-date effective tax rate was 33.6% compared to 33.4% last year. For fiscal 2014, we expect the effective tax rate for the full year to be between 34% and 35%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year were 263.9 million and 264.3 million shares respectively. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for both the fourth quarter and full year were 270.2 million shares. We repurchased 592,000 shares of common stock during the fourth quarter, spending $25.2 million. For the full year, we spent $70.8 million purchasing 1.7 million shares. We have 9.4 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, even with last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $38 million, even with last year. For the full year, capital expenditures totaled $107 million compared with $132 million last year. For fiscal 2014, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $140 million. We announced a 12% per share increase to the annual dividend, making the new dividend $0.80. This represents an 18% increase over the 13% increase last year and marks the 48th consecutive year in which we have increased our dividend. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31.9 million compared to $30.9 million last year. For the full year, depreciation and amortization was $125 million compared to $119 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 million to $128 million in fiscal 2014. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: [indiscernible]
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Robert, you're cutting in and out of us, I'm afraid.
Operator: And in the meantime, our next question is from Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the role of innovation in your product portfolio. So you've done a lot of work on jobs over the last couple of years, Compleats, the breakfast launch, REV, I think you mentioned some work that you're doing on Skippy, and also just in terms of your advertising budget. Can you just give us an idea about sort of innovation, the things you've launched into the marketplace over the last 3 years? What percentage of sales are they at this point and what is your goal there? And then if you could talk a little bit about your advertising plans, you did mention them, but if you -- just in terms of, as a percentage of sales or year-over-year increase, I'm just trying to get a feeling for the role of innovation in your top line generation and also just the product portfolio in total?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure, Diane. So we track our innovative items on a little bit longer time frame than the 3 years. We still count items that we've created since the year 2000 as being innovative and we feel in the food industry, the longer tracking, given how long it takes consumers to change preference, makes sense, and we still see significant increases on items we introduced 7, 8, 9 years ago. So that being said, I mean that figure, we hit our $2 billion challenge last year. We complete this year north now of $2 billion. So it's about 1/4 of our total sales come from these items that were new to the markets since the year 2000. In terms of our philosophy of what we advertise, it kind of varies. Clearly, in the area of new product innovation, we have strongly gotten behind the REV launch with the significant campaign this summer and with plans to reinitiate advertising as we head into the new calendar year next year. We're excited about that product line. It's off to a great start. Sell-through to consumers through the retail channel for REV thus far this year are nearly $30 million, and it's only been a national distribution for 4 months. So we think that item is building some very nice momentum. But we also do advertise some of our traditional products. We'll have a SPAM campaign in the upcoming year. It'll be more digital and print-oriented. We did talk about that we want to initiate advertising for Skippy, and so in the second half of the year, you should see something for the Skippy products. And then Jennie-O Turkey Store will back on air, having a stronger campaign. They expect to be featuring turkey tacos, using their lean ground product, and that's anticipated to be on air starting in January.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay, And I guess, so what the [indiscernible] questions, I'm just trying to get a feeling for if you think that the innovation is accelerating? And is the advertising responding to that? Are you accelerating your advertising as well?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I'll use REV as the example for that. And we're still kind of in the scheme of food in the early days of REV. But it was a launch that took us several years of consumer research to prepare for. We put a big effort against it in terms of gaining distribution quickly, and then a strong ad campaign. That frankly, had not been the norm for a lot of our other innovative items. They had tended to be maybe more niche items or simpler line extensions. Maybe 1 other exception that would be Natural Choice, we built from nothing and did put advertising against. So we're certainly hopeful that the strong campaign for REV within a couple of years here is going turn it into a solid profit contributor for the Refrigerated Foods group. And is that a model going forward? If we have another exciting big idea item like REV, then we would be prepared to support it.
Operator: And our next question is now from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, far be it for me to question a big quarter beat like this, but I have to ask about the SG&A being down $12 million from a year ago. Jody, you didn't mention it in the opening remarks, and I'm just kind of curious like why would it be down and why not spend more in fourth quarter if there's anything to pull forward to set yourself up for a much stronger fiscal '14?
Jody H. Feragen: Sure, great question. The primary driver of lower SG&A this quarter was advertising expense. And as much as we'd like to think you could turn that on a dime because it takes a little more planning than that and the primary cuts were at the Jennie-O. And we've talked about them of facing a difficult year all year. They had more muted advertising. We -- Jeff indicated in the previous answer, expect that to get back to more normalized levels. But that would be the SG&A explanation.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The other piece, Robert, I mean, what -- the item we're going to feature next year for Jennie-O, the lean ground franchise, always takes off during diet seasons, so through January through March, April time frame, so we wanted to coincide the next big push on advertising with that launch.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So is it fair to say that you pushed back the advertising for Jennie-O? Maybe you're spending more in fiscal '14 than you normally would? Or you just -- you've always had a plan to spend heavily on Jennie-O in '14?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: So Jennie-O, I mean, years ago, we really didn't advertise it with a lot of muscle at all. And then in the last maybe 5 to 6 years, we've really seen the benefit as we built out that franchise and branded set of items to being really, frankly, the only turkey brand on air. So we've had very significant campaigns in '11 and '12, heading into '13. We knew we were going to be confronted with some macro challenges in that unit and so we kind of had planned the year to be a little bit quieter year on the advertising front, with the thought that, yes, even months ago, that '14 should be a year we get back on strongly, and that is the plan now we intend to execute.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Last question, follow up. I'm a little confused on what I should be rooting for in terms of commodity turkey prices. If commodity turkey prices are lower, I guess, it's a benefit to your value add in Jennie-O. But then I kind of wanted turkey prices to go higher in '14 because I thought that would help the commodity part of your business that's leveraged to that. So what would be the best scenario for turkey prices next year?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Jennie-O Turkey Store is primarily a vertically-integrated operations. So it's pure cost-based. We're less concerned about what the market price of any given turkey component is in terms of our inputs. So in terms of rooting for anything in particular, the dark meat portion of the bird is still the portion that would be most susceptible to going export or going in a commodity form. So the breast meat market really kind of doesn't matter in that regard. We tend to value-add almost all that product. So all else being equal, higher commodity turkey prices will get us better returns in the export and commodity markets for those dark meat components and that would be a benefit to Jennie-O and that's part of why we are expecting a good strong year out of Jennie-O on 2014 versus what they were confronted with early in 2013.
Operator: And our next question is from Jonathan Feeney with Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the contribution from Skippy on the quarter and looking forward to next year. So it looks like the disclosure you've given us as a percentage of volume, percentage of sales, it was just down a couple of points in contribution versus the last 2 quarters. And I'm wondering, is that a stronger performance sequentially, at least, revenue-wise in the Grocery Products business? Or is that a change in the contribution from Skippy or maybe some seasonality? And looking forward, what -- I know to the -- I guess, maybe the easiest way to ask it is, can you give us a sense how much profit Skippy is going to contribute in 2014 to the -- or has contributed this year to the Grocery Products lines for modeling purposes going forward?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay, so the Skippy change, in terms of sales momentum, we're very pleased with where it is, both on a domestic and the international markets that we were controlling at this point in the year. We're dealing with year-over-year comparisons that we didn't own it a year ago so, I mean, a little apples to oranges there. But we -- our sales team has done a nice job of gaining additional distribution of Skippy, of gaining better features. So we're really -- the mission in 2014, frankly, on the domestic side is rejuvenating the brand with the Skippy consumer. So it's those sales execution elements, and it'll be the advertising element, and we think our expectation is that should be strong. And then when coupled with what we're looking at now, that we own the China facility and overseas, our overall expectation for Skippy returns in 2014 are consistent with the guidance we provided when we bought the business. So kind of around a $0.15 contribution is the midpoint there, and that is inclusive of the ad campaign that we referenced for the second half of 2014.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, but no sense on how much operating -- I mean, let me ask, is it above or below average operating profit for the Grocery Products business margin?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Now it's -- I mean, in grocery pricing, we've gone through some changes in that with the MegaMex business getting bigger and that's [indiscernible] down a percentage. If you look at the sort of old Grocery Products of 16%, 17% returns, Skippy is kind of right in there with the advertising we're looking to do.
Operator: And our next question is from Tim Ramey with Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I wanted to ask a little bit more about the big surge in international demand and whether there is an opportunity to enter China, with SPAM sort of on the heels of the Skippy product line there.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Very much so, Tim. So our strength in international, from a sheer volume standpoint, still is more of the traditional market, so the Philippines and Okinawa and Guam and many of the other territories. Two real opportunity markets for us for SPAM going forward are mainland Japan and China. We introduced SPAM to China. It's been about 4 years ago, but then we had a hiatus for 12 to 18 months when there were some trade issues that kept us from shipping the product in there. But we're back building distribution there. We do think it is leverage-able with Skippy, they're both shelf-stable items sold into that retail channel that makes us a bigger player with the retailers in those areas, and Skippy is already in a lot more markets than SPAM is in China. So we do intend to work to try to piggyback those 2 together, going forward, in that market.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Does SPAM enjoy the kind of the positive cult status that it does in, say, Korea, in China? Or how is that product regarded? Are people even aware of what it is?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, pretty low awareness, candidly, Tim. I mean, it's -- you get more of that in Japan. So even though in mainland Japan we've not pushed the item, a lot of Japanese have traveled either to their own southern island of Okinawa or to Hawaii or many places. So the familiarity with SPAM in Japan is quite a bit higher. In China, it was pretty much a new brand and a new product, and so it's one that will just stay gradual building.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Andrew Strelzik: This is Andrew Strelzik for Ken. So you had a nice step-up in Refrigerated Foods margins this quarter. Obviously, you've introduced and had success with some of the higher-margin, new products, and pork margins have only gotten better since the end of the quarter. So I'm wondering if you think we are entering -- I understand there can be volatility around the pork margins, but if you think we're entering a period where there's a step-up in the base Refrigerated Foods margins from some of the new products and some of the other initiatives?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, back in 2010, 2011, we did enjoy operating margins more in the low 7% range, the last 2 years have been more in the 5%. So we -- our game plan is certainly to start migrating back to where we were and hopefully go beyond that at some point. And you've identified some of the drivers. Definitely, the new product innovation, the REVs and the FIRE BRAISED in the Foodservice group. Over time, we hope we'll migrate of those margins upward.
Andrew Strelzik: And you highlighted a potential volatility in hog and pork prices for 2014. Would you anticipate needing to take more pricing? Or do you think that you pretty much covered what you would expect in terms of volatility there?
Jody H. Feragen: Andrew, this is Jody. I think we're pretty comfortable with the pricing we have to date, given the market conditions to date. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty as it relates to the hog markets, and we'll have to reassess as we go. Some of our contracts are based -- more tightly linked to input costs, so those kind of have automatic adjustments that go with them. So we'll continue to monitor it. Like Jeff had indicated, we continue to have the opportunity to improve the margins in the Refrigerated Foods area.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Eric Gottlieb - Stephens Inc., Research Division: This is Eric Gottlieb for Farha. I have a question on turkey, and then I'll follow-up on chili. So last year, you took down your harvest levels 1% to 2% because of the grain cost. I just want to know what kind of plans you have for coming year, given the grains are down.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We do intend to increase production modestly in 2014 to support our value-added needs. After cutting production for the past 2 years, even the small increase will still leave us below our 2011 harvest levels.
Eric Gottlieb - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. And then the other question on turkey is, I've read reports of a shortage of heavier turkeys at one of your competitors. Is there anything that Hormel that would -- are you experiencing that as well? And what will bring that on?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We're really not. I guess, we don't know what transpired within that organization, but we were able to fill all of our fresh whole turkey orders. And, really, from what we've read in terms of other industry players, they seem to be also in a position of filling orders. So I think that was limited to one operation.
Eric Gottlieb - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then moving on to chili. I noticed you've faced a little bit tougher competition from some of your competitors. Are you planning to support and advertise that brand? And how is the competitive dynamics working there? And then I'll pass it on.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. It definitely has been more competitive in the latter half of the year, and chili may be one of the brands that we are seeing that is seeing some slowdown in terms of the center of the store sales that you're kind of hearing about from some of the other players. We don't have any television or traditional media ad plan for chili for the next year, but we will have strong promotional support in-store, a major push against the Super Bowl season and also, following up with that some of the other major drivers of kind of gatherings. Our Hormel chili is a particularly -- a strong usage, sort of out of the bowl dips and other types of items, and so it lends itself to March Madness and grad parties and you name them. So we definitely will have strong efforts to promote it on that basis.
Operator: And our next question is from Eric Larson with CL King.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just some clarification on the Skippy contribution, Jeff. You mentioned, I think, $0.15 for fiscal '14. Is that the incremental contribution or would that be the total contribution? And obviously, if it's incremental, what was the contribution in fiscal '13 for Skippy?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: So $0.15 is the total contribution. When we made the acquisition, we described our expectation for 2013 as being a modest accretion. It probably came in a little better than we had initially anticipated, but we haven't given a precise number and we really don't want to get into a kind of product line by product line profit numbers. So we gave you the $0.15 initially, and we're standing by it. But that's probably the last time we're going to give a specific number and cents per share for one line item in the franchise.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, yes. I would just -- it just was confusing. I wasn't sure if it was incremental or a total contribution, so...
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Very valid question, yes.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: That helped. The outlook, if you look at your hog, your cut-out margins, obviously, we -- they're improving. They've gotten better. They're pretty volatile as well. But you should -- how are you looking at how it unfolds really kind of -- first half should have relatively easy comparisons for the year, and then it gets a little bit more difficult. Would that be the proper way to, from a 30,000 foot level, look at your earnings stream for refrigerated on the cut-out margins next year, Jeff?
Jody H. Feragen: Eric, this is Jody. I couldn't have said it better myself. Certainly, right now, we're experiencing favorable -- more favorable cut-out margins. It'll all depend on the volatility in the marketplace. So that's -- we're not looking for that to be a big win or a driver for us next year. So for the full year, kind of flattish.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So first question is on innovation. Can you just give us a little bit more color on the REV launch? You mentioned some numbers, but just give us some color on what you're seeing -- hearing from consumers on that, that might make you feel good or bad about it? And also, on the Compleats breakfast launch, that's under the radar, I would say. And more importantly, how do we track that in your results? Because it's -- the REV numbers are in the Refrigerated Foods segment, I believe, and the volume numbers there are negative because you had been cutting some SKUs or some business there that's non-core. So how do we track that? What are your expectations for these 2 product lines? And if you can just give me some -- give us some color on how things are going on those 2 particular product lines, that would be great. Then I have a follow-up.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. Okay. We feel very good about the REV launch thus far. Our retail team did a great job gaining distribution in-store in time for our July ad campaign. We then saw a great lift from the campaign itself, enhanced trial, our repeat numbers are strong. And so it's off to a great start. The initial line had 8 items, we've added 4 more already and with probably a few more to come in the upcoming years. So it seems like it's well poised to be a great contributor for us. Now that being said, I mean, I think we talked about it at Investor Day. I mean, this kind of a launch is an investment. So in terms of any sort of bottom line return coming from REV, I mean, we're -- that's probably 2015. I mean, we're in the mode that we're -- we think this warrants making this investment but it's not driving bottom line results right now. Compleats breakfast, since that's more of a -- kind of a line extension to an existing line, there's more of an expectation that, that should be able to contribute right away. It's off to a decent start. It's not as robust maybe is what we're seeing on REV, but it's gained a good distribution and the consumers seem to be enjoying the products. And so between those and some of the newer pasta items we rolled out during -- earlier part of last year, both -- which are avail-ed by new technology that we have in place in our Dubuque plant, we feel good about the Compleats franchise. We've had some nice results in the last couple of quarters. And then your question about the -- kind of how to tie it into refrigerated and why is refrigerated down, Jody has a good answer for you on that piece.
Jody H. Feragen: So, sure, Jeff, thanks. So actually, you'll remember, I think we talked about it in the third quarter call. We exited some low/no margin feed business in the Refrigerated Foods, and that's a huge driver of those volume decreases. So we'll start seeing some more normalized levels and comparisons when we enter the back half of 2014. So follow up with Jana on any additional questions regarding that.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So just to wrap up on that, so I understand that, on the REV, the profit will come in '15. But we should start to see some positive volume trends as you report them in the Refrigerated Foods as a result of that launch, correct?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, I mean, you really will need to look at net sales. Because, I mean, REV is not a particularly heavy item, so it's -- it doesn't drive nearly as much volume as it does unit and dollar sales.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up on a -- follow-up questions on turkey. Can you update us on grain costs now that we're -- we have some visibility on the harvest? What's your expectation on grain costs? And more importantly, where should we think about modeling turkey -- Jennie-O Turkey margins for next year? You have 11% to 15%, I believe, normalized range. And I think, on the last call, you said 15% is not really a ceiling per se. I would expect that, given where grain costs are, you should be at or above the 15%. But any color on that relative to grain costs would be helpful.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We certainly do expect that grain costs will become increasingly more favorable as the year goes on. I mean, even in the most current quarter, it actually were slightly higher year-over-year. But as we blend in some more of the corn that's now in the $4 and $5 range, we're certainly in a better position with that. In terms of our expectation for the unit, clearly, would add up to somewhere in the upper end of that range. We're looking at kind of a low double-digit increase for Jennie-O for the year. Now that's inclusive of advertising. So we want to make sure the momentum of that product line continues going forward. And so we -- arguably, we'll be reinvesting a little bit of the benefit we're gaining on the grain picture in to making sure we maintain that momentum of the new items.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Tim Ramey with Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jody, I wonder if you could give us a little bit of windage, at least on the top line segment numbers. Because, for instance, it would be tempting to model Jennie-O sales flat to down, given the input costs, but I think that's probably wrong. And I'd love to be righter than wronger. Any thoughts there?
Jody H. Feragen: We all want to be righter than wronger. Tim, we challenge all our business units to deliver at a minimum 5% top line growth. Jennie-O does have the added complexity with the commodity sales. But as Jeff had indicated, we're increasing our harvests slightly to accommodate some more value-added sales. So I think if you model the 4% to 6% range, you would be right in there.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And any thoughts on Grocery Products, given -- is the Skippy China going to go in there? It's in international, I guess.
Jody H. Feragen: Right.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Right. So, China is in international. But our -- your expectations for Grocery should be in the higher 5% to 10% range for 2 reasons: one is a full year Skippy, so they had 3 quarters of it this year. And frankly, the quarters we lap, we expect to have some growth. I mean, we've made some nice distribution gains. And then top of that, we can -- we have some nice momentum in the MegaMex side of the business. We're introducing a lot of new items under the Herdez brand, and so we expect some solid results on top line from that group as well.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And since I'm on a roll, I assume Specialty down because of as -- because of the contract.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. Yes, that's the expectation. They'll improve as the year goes on. The team is working hard to find new areas of business to grow in the future. But you saw the quarter they just had. That's what they're confronted with, at least early in the year. And they'll gradually improve from there.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: These are, I think, going to be for Jody first. Equity earnings, can you just update us on what the expectations are for next year? We've had a down year now, significantly down. But just can you help us understand what you're expecting for '14 and why?
Jody H. Feragen: So for -- 2013 really was impacted by the required accounting for an incentive/earnout-type payment on the Fresherized Food acquisition. And as that business has had spectacular performance partially aided by some favorable avocado costs, we needed to really do some catch-up on making sure that we were accruing. For 2014, it will still -- we'll still have expense related to that incentive payment, but it should be somewhat less. And I think the rest of the business should perform to cover that down. So I would not expect to see year-over-year decreases in the realm that you've seen in the last couple of quarters.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So just sort of flattish operating -- is the contribution on the P&L should be similar to what we've seen?
Jody H. Feragen: I would expect improvements.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as far as modeling goes, you gave us expectation for interest expense, the income line which, obviously, is mark-to-market for the rabbi trust mainly. Is that -- you just assume no change from where we are currently, right?
Jody H. Feragen: I would not move it too much either way. Most of the rabbi trust is invested in more fixed type return items to take out that volatility that we saw back in the late 2000.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, and just one more. On D&A, the guidance that you gave, $125 million to $128 million, that includes how much in deal-related amortization for Skippy?
Jody H. Feragen: Akshay, why don't you follow-up with Jana on that? That's a little more granular than I'm prepared to address right now.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, just one last one on Skippy. Can you -- you mentioned you're doing this advertising campaign which was -- you had mentioned it on the last call. But relative to your initial guidance, I mean have you -- can you just give us an update on sort of how is the domestic Skippy business perform relative to your expectations? And how has that sort of played into your view on advertising and how much you supported and when you supported?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's performing well. It's performing well on a top line basis because we are gaining distribution and doing a better job with sales features. It's performed well on the bottom line basis. So that was my comment earlier where it did a little better than the modest accretion we had expected for 2013. In terms of advertising, when you make an acquisition, I mean, you only have so much information. Our thought process going into it was we think -- we thought it was a wonderful brand that hadn't been communicated in quite a while and that we thought that was going to be a leverage point for the business, and our team still thinks that. They're in the process, right now, of really landing on the right messaging. You should be looking for that campaign in the second half of the year. So that's when they feel they will be ready to go with it. But otherwise, it's consistent with what our expectations had been for the brand.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. My model for fiscal '14, I'm assuming 40% profit growth in Jennie-O. And I think, Jody, you said something in -- low double digits is more appropriate. So there's a big gap between what I think is possible just based on the grain costs, right? Because I thought grain costs would be down like $100 million based on how much corn you buy. Am I assuming the benefit's coming too early? Or am I just overestimating the size of the grain benefit for turkey?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, let me give -- I'll give you a few reasons, at least, that would come to me. One is, we won't see a full year of the kind of grain costs that you're seeing reflected in the current cash markets. I mean, one, because the timing of bringing turkey to market; and two, because of the continual hedge program that, in some cases, lock you in a little bit higher than what the current market is. Another reason would be we do have some sales within the Jennie-O organization, particularly on the Foodservice side that are on formula-based contracts. So that if the grain goes down, then the price does go down in some cases there, so that's not just all falling to the bottom line. And then the last reason I would cite would be the enhanced advertising campaign. So we are kicking back in to a level more like what we had done in our stronger years of 2011, 2012. And so we are investing some of the expected grain benefit into advertising.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That makes sense. And in the All Other segment, when you add the Chinese Skippy business, how much contribution should we expect for fiscal '14 from that? Is it material?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, it's material. I mean, in international, we've had wonderful growth in that group. We've said that, against our 5 and 10 algorithm of company-wide of 10%, company-wide segment profit growth that we expect international group is going to be able to do better than that. And I would expect that again in the upcoming year, both with the momentum they already had on their business and the fact that they now have control over the Skippy China piece.
Jody H. Feragen: And Rob, international did benefit from Skippy in 2013 as well because of -- the North American part of that portfolio as well as exports into some of the Asia countries, but not China.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right, because you had exports in '13. But I'm just wondering now that you're running the domestic business in China, is that -- is there a significant amount of profit in that business to take into account when we model it for '14?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It'll help international's results.
Operator: And it appears there are no further -- excuse me, there is a question from Eric Gottlieb with Stephens.
Eric Gottlieb - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Just one follow-up. The guidance you provided, would that include the closing of the Chinese Skippy business or no?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. It's all in, yes.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. So I will turn it back to management for any closing remarks.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, all, for joining us today, and have a wonderful Thanksgiving.
Operator: And that does conclude your call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-08-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin C. Jones - Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded today, August 22, 2013. I will now turn the conference over to Kevin Jones, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin C. Jones: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2013. We released our results this morning before the market opened, around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter, then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks. [Operator Instructions] An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, August 22, 2013. The dial-in number is (800) 406-7325 and the access code is 4632577. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors on Pages 31 through 38 in the company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 28, 2013, which was filed with the SEC on June 7, 2013, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. We announced third quarter earnings this morning of $0.42 per share, up 2% from last year. Segment operating profit increased by 5% with 4 of our 5 segments registering gains this quarter. Q3 sales were $2.2 billion, an increase of 8% over a year ago on volume growth of 3%. All 5 segments generated sales increases over last year. I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products segment reported an operating profit increase of 32% and a dollar sales increase of 25% for the third quarter. Excluding sales of Skippy peanut butter, sales for Grocery Products were flat for the quarter. We were very pleased with the smooth integration of the domestic Skippy franchise into our Grocery Products organization. Skippy peanut butter sales were strong this quarter, driven by improved distribution. Sales of Dinty Moore Stew, Hormel Mary Kitchen hash and Hormel bacon toppings also grew nicely during the quarter. Sales of our SPAM family of products and Compleats microwave meals were down in the quarter. Segment operating profit for our Refrigerated Foods segment decreased by 26% as spiking core input costs squeezed operating margins. Refrigerated Foods sales were up 2%. On the retail side, we enjoyed strong sales of Hormel party trays, Hormel Natural Choice deli meats and Hormel Cure 81 hams. We're excited about our new Hormel REV Snack Wraps. The Rev products were rolled out nationally during the quarter and a new advertising campaign began in late July. This product meets the needs for a quick, high-protein snack that can be eaten on-the-go. Our Foodservice team continues to outpace the industry with higher sales in the quarter, led by sales of branded products such as HORMEL PECANWOOD bacon, HORMEL FIRE BRAISED Meats and Hormel Natural Choice deli meats. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment had a solid quarter with segment operating profit up 17% and sales up 4%. Continued growth in sales of value-added products and an improved product mix offset higher grain prices and lower commodity meat prices during the quarter. Jennie-O Turkey Store foodservice and deli value-added products delivered sales gains in the quarter. Retail sales of our Jennie-O Turkey Store bacon and ground turkey chubs also enjoyed solid growth in the quarter. Our Specialty Foods segment reported an 8% gain in operating profit on a net sales increase of 5%. This segment profit increase was driven by strong sales of sweeteners, nutritional products, ready-to-drink beverages and ingredients. The agreement allowing Diamond Crystal Brands to sell SPLENDA sweetener into the foodservice trade channel ended up being extended 1 month and ultimately expired on July 31, 2013. Our International & Other segment delivered another strong quarter with operating profit up 34% on a sales increase of 31%. Higher exports of our SPAM family of products and fresh pork, improved performance by our China operations and the addition of the Skippy business all contributed to the nice results. We remain excited about the growth prospects that Skippy brand brings to our International group, both in China and in other parts of the globe. We anticipate completing the acquisition of the China sales and the Weifang operations by the end of the fiscal year. We believe we are positioned to bring a strong finish to fiscal 2013. Our Refrigerated Foods value-added products should experience improved margins, driven by a decline in pork input costs along with the benefit of earlier pricing actions. Our Grocery Products segment has plans in place to help drive sales growth of their traditional, microwave and Mexican food products. And we also have solid momentum with the sales of Skippy peanut butter that is expected to continue in the fourth quarter. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment began turning the corner in the third quarter and should maintain their momentum in the fourth quarter. Specialty Foods will likely have a down quarter in light of the discontinuation of the SPLENDA contract, but the team is working hard to minimize the decline. Our International & Other segment has delivered outstanding results through the first 3 quarters of 2013 and we expect similar performance in the fourth quarter. Taking all of these significant factors into account, we are maintaining our adjusted fiscal 2013 guidance range of $1.88 to $1.96 per share. The strength of our balanced business model should allow us to achieve another growth year as we close out fiscal 2013. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the third quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning. For the third quarter of fiscal 2013, net earnings totaled $113.6 million or $0.42 per share compared to $111.2 million or $0.41 per share a year ago. Net earnings for the first 9 months of fiscal 2013 totaled $368.9 million or $1.37 compared to net earnings of $367.4 million, also $1.37 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the third quarter totaled $2.2 billion compared to $2.0 billion last year, an 8% increase. For the 9 months of fiscal 2013, dollar sales improved 6% to $6.4 billion. Volume for the third quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, a 3% increase over fiscal 2012. Year-to-date volume was 3.7 billion pounds, also up 3% compared to last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were 7% of sales compared to 7.2% last year. Year-to-date selling, general and administrative expenses were 7.5% compared to 7.4% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be approximately 7.5% of sales for the full year. Equity and earnings of affiliates for the third quarter was $1.3 million versus $9.8 million last year. The decrease is due to lower earnings at our MegaMex Foods joint venture, which experienced a higher earn-out expense on the Fresherized Food acquisition, unfavorable exchange rates and higher input costs. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.1 million compared to $3.2 million last year. Year-to-date interest expense is $9.4 million compared to $9.7 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2013. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 35.7% versus 33.7% for the same period in fiscal 2012. Year-to-date, our effective tax rate was 33.5%, unchanged from last year. We expect the effective tax rate to be about 34% for the full year of fiscal 2013. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 265 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 271 million. We repurchased 953,000 shares of common stock during the third quarter, spending about $38 million. We have 10 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31.8 million, up from $28.9 million last year. For the 9 months of the year, depreciation and amortization was $93 million compared to $88.6 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $120 million to $125 million for fiscal 2013. Long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, unchanged from last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $23 million compared to $36 million last year. For the first 9 months of the year, capital expenditures totaled $69 million compared to $94 million last year. For fiscal 2013, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $110 million to $120 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from the line of Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question on Refrigerated Foods. Can you just give us a little bit more insight into the weakness? I mean, this quarter tends to be historically one where you can have some of your lower margins, but the cutout itself wasn't as weak as your results would imply. I think you mentioned something about bacon. Can you just help us with what part -- components of maybe your cost basket went up so that we can keep track of it going forward and be aware of what happens? So just trying to understand what happened because it definitely surprised us and it seems to be unique relative to some of your peers.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay, Akshay. I mean, the weakness for Refrigerated Foods was clearly the most pronounced in the earlier part of the quarter, ending up prompting us to come out with our guidance adjustment that occurred mid-quarter. At that stage, we were seeing some continued weakness in processing margins, but the bigger culprit had been the spike in some of the raw material costs, particularly bellies for bacon and trim costs for a number of our products, pepperoni and other items within the portfolio. As the quarter went on, the team had an opportunity to, particularly on the bacon side, price against with the new reality of what the cost situation is. Belly costs are still at historically very high levels, but they have moderated some from the peak. And we expect now, as we kind of head out of the summer season, they should start to return to more normalized levels. Overall, for Refrigerated, I mean, those are the big challenges. I mean, it wasn't all bad for the quarter in terms of their -- what we look at for their business performance. Our large Foodservice group for Hormel is part of Refrigerated Foods and they really had a very fine quarter, growing sales at a solid rate and really doing a nice job introducing some other newer products, their FIRE BRAISED meats and their PECANWOOD. This half also does represent somewhat of an investment time for us with the REV brand. We're very pleased with where we're at with that brand. We've achieved the distribution goals that we had set for the team. We have the ad campaign kicking in. Our early sales results are very promising. But anytime you roll out something new on that scale, I mean, we're not going to be bringing bottom line contributions for that brand to the team this year and probably even into next year somewhat, but we're heading in a good direction with that.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just on that point, Jeff, can you help us understand sort of where you are with the REV like ACV, number of SKUs, anything you can give us? And how do we parse out that positive from their results if the volumes are obviously down, so it's hard to tell what impact REV has had even on the revenue side? So maybe you can help us because our channel checks also tell us some -- that the launch, at least initially, has been pretty encouraging. So maybe you can just give us a little bit of a sense of, one, how it's doing and maybe -- and just talk about the impact it's having already.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. In terms of ACV, we're really in a solid shape with that. We're in the 70% to 80% of the U.S. that has accepted the item and most of those stores are actively scanning it. Sometimes you'll get an acceptance from a retailer, but in terms of their shelf reset time frame they just have certain windows. They get those things done. So we're still catching up on a few retailers, but we're in a good position to support our ad campaign. In terms of the number of SKUs, there are 8 offered in the line. Most retailers are taking kind of 6 to all 8 in that range. We'll be coming out with 4 additional items later this fall and heading into the winter. And in terms of just the sense of scale, I mean, we're not -- we probably won't get into reporting item-by-item sales. But just to give you a sense of magnitude for the quarter, it was in the $4 million to $5 million range. So I mean it's still building. Clearly, our long-term expectations for the product would be -- are quite solid, but that's about the size of it right now.
Jody H. Feragen: I guess, Akshay, I would like to follow up on the volume comment you made about Refrigerated and their volumes is really being impacted by discontinuing the feed business that we talked about last quarter. So that's not all just retail and foodservice volume that's impacting the decline there.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one on Skippy. Are the lower peanut costs already flowing through your P&L or is that still not flowing through? And how are you managing sort of that lower costs that might be flowing through relative to your investments because it's still pretty early in the stage of owning that asset and I just want to know like where you are in terms of your planning on investing behind that brand and perhaps how that's going initially.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. I mean, a decent amount of the lower costs would be flowing through right now. And now it looks -- seems favorable in terms of what we're seeing for peanut crops going forward. In terms of investing in the brand, I think I talked about that at the last quarterly call and I think we talked about it a little bit in the Investor Day that when we bought the brand, it was with the thought in mind of really kind of rejuvenating it with the Skippy consumer in the marketplace. And so one of our approach is to potentially do that in the marketplace would be to anticipate an advertising campaign. The earliest that would occur is next fiscal year and so we'll kind of let you know, probably on the next call, the November call, what our outlook is in terms of advertising support. But we're -- the team is actively looking at both possibilities right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam from Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First of all, just a continuation of Akshay's questions regarding Refrigerated Foods. Looking out into the fourth quarter, we've recently seen hog prices rally a bit. So when you look at that, is that a net positive for your Refrigerated Food business because you do raise 15% of your hogs internally. And can you price for the hog price increase better into the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. How should we think about that?
Jody H. Feragen: I'll take that, Farha. I would generally say that we would prefer lower hog prices, and we would expect hog prices in the fourth quarter to be lower than they were in the third quarter. Still probably year-over-year, an increase. The live production side doesn't really play that much into it since we take those values into our further process businesses at market.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then going into International, I mean, that turnaround in that International business is pretty, pretty material. Do you expect that China will continue to perform? And your thoughts on that other business, which is becoming pretty meaningful in your P&L.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Farha, I'm really quite encouraged by International. And not only, as we mentioned, has it had all 3 solid quarters this year, but this will be the third consecutive year of really solid, both top line and bottom line, growth for International. I think our strategy of focusing on the Asia base market has proven out well and so we have good solid business performance in Korea and Japan, our partnership with San Miguel in the Philippines and then the more majority-owned China ventures. China, in particular, we do feel we've now gotten to the point where we have sufficient scale in that business, that now it can generate a solid profit. And we're look -- the team out there is looking forward to bringing Skippy on board, so that will be our third plant facility we'll be running in China. And we'll kick that business well over $100 million once the Skippy contribution is in there, which we expect to occur in the next fiscal year. So overall, International, I would agree with your assessment that it's become a more and more meaningful component of our overall performance and it's one that I think we've articulated in the past we have solid expectations that it will grow at a faster rate than our overall company average.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Ramey from Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I just was wondering about the supply of hogs. As we think about the fall, this PED virus that used to be impacting hog supplies. Is that showing up in any particular way in your geographies more or less than we are seeing from nationwide impact? Some folks are thinking it will impact the supply 2% to 3%.
Jody H. Feragen: Tim, this is Jody. We're really not seeing any impact on the supply here in the Midwest. Actually looking at seasonally high numbers for this last quarter for us, so maybe it's not as impactful here.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: That's good news. And then I don't know whether you'll be willing to kind of think about further add in the fall, but historically, at least for the last 2 years, you've run some pretty big margin numbers in Jennie-O Turkey Stores. Is there any reason to think that, that seasonal pattern should change or steady as she goes?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, without giving a percentage target, I mean, our expectations for Jennie-O's performance is that this year's fourth quarter will have better segment profit results than last year's fourth quarter. So I mean, that should support what you're saying.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Terrific. And I know you're not going to give first quarter guidance, but that's been kind of a big quarter. No reason to think that, that would change relative to seasonal patterns for the last couple of years?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We're really not in a position to do anything earlier than 2014 yet. But in terms of just sales momentum, I mean, the value-added items that Jennie-O has created, both the new or innovative items and some other traditional items, are connecting well in the marketplace. And we don't have any reason to believe that, that won't continue heading into next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Two questions. One is if you hold your current margins -- current situation or current environment steady, how much would your margins move up in the Refrigerated Foods with the new product innovation?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, that's 1 contributor, certainly. We -- as we innovate, the team's goal is always to have margins that are accretive to the overall division. And certainly, the targets we have in place for the REVs and the other items that they've been introducing do meet those requirements. The Refrigerated Foods has really a significant opportunity, frankly, just to get back towards some of the performance levels that we enjoyed a couple of years ago. I mean, we had 2 consecutive years of around 7% net and these last couple of years have been more like 5% with this most recent quarter even dipping below that with the struggle we had in periods '07 and '08. So we think there are some things on top of the innovation as we head into a different environment that will be favorable for Refrigerated Foods.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: What about just innovation? Would it add 100 basis points? If you just kept everything stable, how do you think about that because you have a lot of new products coming out, so I just was trying to figure out if it's the REVs and all the new products. Is it 100, 200 basis points of just contribution just from the new products? Or how do you think about that? Separating the environment out from what you guys can actually do yourselves.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I'd be really speculating. Clearly, I haven't looked at it from that standpoint. I mean, I look at it from the standpoint that clearly the -- whether it's the Foodservice group, the meat products group, et cetera, within Refrigerated Foods or even some of their subsidiary organizations like Farmer John or Burke, I mean, our expectation is that they grow their top line commensurate with our 5% target. And to the extent that they -- the innovative items are contributors to that, that those should be better for margins than the traditional items. But I guess, I don't have it reduced back to the algorithm you're looking for.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And my follow-up question is, on turkey, is how bound are you to your turkey margins at the high end of 15% because it seems like the commodity meat business is probably at the bottom. You're seeing 10% cuts. And then obviously, the corn curve should be -- and soybean meal for that matter should all be encouraging. So is 15% a real boundary? Or does it just kind of -- that was just a comfortable number to start with and we'll see where they actually go from here.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, that number really -- I mean, I think what we did historically in the old days, if you will, we were looking at Jennie-O and sort of the 8% to 10%, 7% to 11% range. We reassessed it based on both the improvements they've made to the branded portfolio and a lot of the efficiency gains that they've made in the total system and came out with the new kind of longer-term guidance range of 11% to 15%. But no, that's not necessarily viewed as a ceiling. We'll certainly give a little more specificity related to what our expectations are for Jennie-O when we get to the November call, but it's not -- I wouldn't take that as the absolute max.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask you, just first off, have you quantified what your expectations are for increased grain prices in fiscal '13 and JOTS just on a year-over-year basis in absolute terms?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: No, we really haven't given a specific number related to that. I mean, obviously, you've got timing, you've got hedge positions that will effect that. We've kind of indicated each quarter, thus far, this year clearly that total feed costs of the system for Jennie-O has been up every quarter year-over-year. We're starting to get into the mode. We're all still waiting to see where this crop ends up. I mean, if you look at -- based on futures market, if that turns out to be the reality, then clearly we should start heading downward in terms of what the feed cost impact would be to Jennie-O. But even then, there'll be some delay to that effect.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Well, I guess my point is that you guys have had a pretty good year in operating profits in Jennie-O despite the fact that grain has just been really out of control. And I'm just -- know you're not in a position to talk about '14 yet, but obviously I have to think about it. And so I'm just trying to understand the magnitude of that. Maybe you can help me with this because I know that -- it seems to me that the holiday turkey business has pretty consistently been a big business in the fourth quarter and I think there's a little carryover into the first quarter. And so anything that's marketed now would have old grain prices in it in terms of the cost basket, is that not correct?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: That is correct.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then could you just tell me, as a percentage of sales, roughly how big that business is today? Because you've done so much work on the value-added side, I'm assuming that's a smaller and smaller percentage of your total sales. Is that...?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Right. It's not a huge percentage of the sales and it's certainly not a huge percentage of the earnings. I mean, the whole bird business has never been a big moneymaker for either the manufacturer or the retailer. There is an impact to the first quarter of any year for Jennie-O related to whole birds. Frankly, there's probably a bigger impact of the fact that franchises such as our Fresh Lean Ground Turkey franchise often will have -- kind of leap out of the gate in January kind of people with New Year's resolutions and so forth. And that's a peak time of the year for that very solid product line for us. In terms of trying to get back to -- you mentioned about kind of grain impact, I mean we're pleased with where Jennie-O is for the year. But I mean, it is true that for both the first 2 quarters, I think their year-over-year adjustment was around $18 million down each quarter. And that was part trying to catch up to the grains and that was part that the commodity turkey markets were not as favorable. To one of the earlier questions, I mean, at the moment, those both look -- the outlooks for both of those things look more favorable right now heading into next year. But that's something we'll be in a better position to quantify when we provide earnings guidance in November.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I wanted to ask on your commentary on the lower contribution from the affiliates for MegaMex. You cited 3 things. I think it was higher payout for the Fresherized Foods, currency and then higher input costs. I'm assuming you detailed those in the order of impact. And if so, is that payout for Fresherized Foods I'm assuming it's kind of one and done in the quarter and you're completely free of the terms of that agreement, is that correct?
Jody H. Feragen: Diane, this is Jody. The Fresherized earn-out goes for 3 years, so it ends in fiscal 2014. And the way we handle it from an accounting perspective is we evaluate their performance against their earn-out criteria and make adjustments on a quarterly basis. The great news is that the Wholly Guacamole brands have really outperformed. So we have this short term impact to that business because of recording the expected payout that will be made in 2014. So...
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So we'll look forward in the third -- sorry. I'm sorry, talking over here.
Jody H. Feragen: We'll see an impact in the fourth quarter, too. Hopefully, they'll have other parts of their business that are able to overcome it, but this quarter was a little bit of a catch-up.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So are you accruing today for a payment in '14? And then once '14 rolls around, you're done or do you have to accrue again in '14?
Jody H. Feragen: There'll be some accrual in '14, but it won't be -- well, depending on how the business performs, we'll see where it goes. But I would expect it to be somewhat less than 2013. This quarter ended up being a bit of a catch-up.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: It was a catch-up? Okay.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Totally done by the end of '14.
Jody H. Feragen: Totally done in 2014. And then they also. . .
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moscow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to dial in a little deeper into the expectations for fourth quarter because if you do the math here, it looks like operating profit needs to grow like about 15% to hit your guidance. And then when you look at consensus, Jeff, for fiscal '14, I know you don't want to get into guidance, but it is -- the expectations are for a very strong year. And as you go down the list of all the other food companies that have reported, they are talking about weaker volumes at retail, again a weak consumer environment. So maybe just dial in a little bit more about what the drivers for fourth quarter are going to be even if the consumer environment is rather weak. And then maybe you could just touch a little bit on fiscal '14 because I think it's rare that consensus has such a high bar already set for you. And then in the context of a weak consumer environment, is it achievable?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, first of all, in terms of -- our best read on consumers are our own products, I guess. And throughout the more challenging economic times of the past few years, that's been somewhat mixed. I mean, obviously in the aggregate, we have enough products that are connecting with enough groups of consumers that we've been able to drive our business forward both on a top line and bottom line basis. That's our current picture as well. There were elements of the business in terms of retail sales that were a little bit softer this quarter. But I don't put a lot of stock frankly on one quarter. I mean, I just see things go up and down kind of quarter-to-quarter in the past on certain businesses. Overall, I think the portfolio of items that we have, that we offer for sale into the retail channel whether through Jennie-O or Grocery Products or Refrigerated Foods are in a good position to be able to continue to generate growth, both in the fourth quarter and beyond. And then on top of that, obviously, we have Foodservice and other commercial-type sales that also are contributing to our overall results. So overall, I mean, the way we see making the numbers for Q4 is kind of as we've outlined from a segment standpoint that we would expect somewhat of a dip from Specialty, albeit Specialty is one of the smaller units in terms of total contribution to the company. And so our expectation right now is that all 4 of the other units are in a position to have good solid quarters. And that then adds up to our ability to support the grains we've provided here a couple of months ago for the full year.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the follow-up on Refrigerated just for fourth quarter. Again, the drivers here are -- you've taken the pricing that you need to take, especially in bacon. And do you -- are you saying that you think the input costs might trend sequentially lower in the quarter, and that might provide a bit of a benefit because there has to be a big sequential benefit in order to hit the guidance.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, that definitely is a part of it. I mean, we're seeing it somewhat already on bellies. We've seen it much -- on a more pronounced basis in pork trim and that's the key input for some of the items. So that definitely should be a part of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just 2 follow-ups, one on REV. It was very useful to get a sense of how big it is now. But Jeff, can you just give us a sense of sort of the optimism about this product? I mean, could it be like a Compleats type of product where it went from 0 to a couple hundred million in a short period of time? And what kind of expectations do you have for this product? It seems pretty unique because it's in the lunchable aisle and it's really a differentiated product that took probably years to develop. So can you just help us like frame what would be sort of the best case scenario for this and perhaps over what period?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Well, I think we've talked about it in the past. Our innovation track record and even in achieving our $2 billion challenge has been achieved mostly through kind of a lot of incremental gains. Some of our are better new product franchises have been even in the $50 million to $100 million range, although you cited Compleats correctly as being higher than that. Given the kind of advertising we're putting against this, given the capital investment we made, I think it's certainly fair that we at least expect this item to be in that type of range. But I would not at all put that as the ceiling. We'll just have to see what consumers reactions are to the items. We think, over time, if assuming the initial REV Wraps connect as well with consumers as we think they can, that this can be a platform for other types of products that are more oriented toward a younger audience, toward on-the-go, immediate consumption-type items. And so we could have a very significant franchise in this. But I really don't have a number for you that's beyond kind of that number I just gave you in terms of what historically has been a bigger product for us.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: No, that's very helpful. Just -- I get this question a lot, so I'm posting it to you. I mean, I feel like your company every year keeps moving away from commodity products, if I may, and more towards value-added. Can you help us sort of understand from your perspective like what percentage of your sales or earnings what you would call commoditized today? And how much is that really changed over the last few years? The reason I asked that today is because you obviously pre-released a lot bit about and lowered the bar because of the commodity piece of your business, so at least relatively commoditized piece. And kind of surprised me the magnitude of that sensitivity there. So can you just help us? And again, not trying to get into like numbers exactly, but just give us a sense of how you think about that dynamic.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, we're clearly over time -- I would agree with your assessment that we're trying to create a portfolio that is less vulnerable to certain commodity movements. And so we still do have a hog supply chain. We still do have a turkey supply chain. Frankly, even if you get to the point where you sell next to nothing of the meat on a commodity basis, you still could have some cost-related inputs that can fluctuate fairly significantly. But in doing that, I mean, between portfolio diversification, buying into a category like peanut butter that has a different raw material, like guacamole, like salsa, we think those things have helped us. And then the more you develop products that are not frankly just a piece of meat, but are a meal that have other components that are a REV Wrap, et cetera, again your vulnerability to any one commodity moving on you becomes less. So I do think we have over time improved the portfolio in terms of its vulnerability to these kinds of things. But as you correctly point out, I mean, it's still out there. Bacon would be a good example. I mean, if you're in -- if you process hogs, you have bellies off the hogs. Bacon is actually a very on-trend, popular item with consumers. By and large, if you're just talking about kind of a pound of raw bacon, that's never a high-margin, big moneymaker for the manufacturer. I mean, there's a lot of competition within that category. That 1 pound of bacon is not particularly differentiated. So quarters like this last quarter, I mean, it hurt us that the belly cost spiked as much as they did and it took us more time to catch up to those. But that's never an area that in the long run we're looking to drive results. Now flavored bacon flavors like PECANWOOD or Applewood or precooked bacons or bacons for a particular foodservice application, than that could be a contributor to the kind of higher margins we're looking for. So in terms of that percentage, I mean, I think we've said before, when you look at both the pork and turkey supply chains, we're probably in the 75% to 80% of the volume goes out in a value-added form. You're always going to have a little bit of a mismatch with some of the -- what comes off the animals in terms of what the American consumers are looking for. But the goal beyond just -- is it in any kind of value-added form is just keep moving up the value-add or keep finding more innovative ways to direct it to consumers.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And just one follow-up for me. So why is Jennie-O Turkey much more stable than, let's say, a pork portfolio if the percentage from value-added is similar in both cases? Can you -- I mean, it just seems like it's more value-added and it's more differentiated in turkey. But is that -- can you put a thing on so why your turkey business just continues to march up in margins and on the pork side every now and then we tend to get these negative surprises.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, Jennie-O Turkey Store, I mean, whole birds would be one example. It's certainly a category that's sort of supply chain-based category. We mentioned earlier they're a little bit lower margin. But otherwise, if you look at turkey products kind of sold in the U.S., it tends to be more of a specialized niche, one that the team up there has done a really nice job of developing the right products and being the only one out there advertising these products to the consumer. And so I think that has provided them with some insulation versus, say, a pork supply chain in terms of their ability to deliver more consistent results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I forgot to ask on the Foodservice. Your group saw pretty good growth in environment. I think if you listened to the restaurant companies when they reported their second quarters, I mean, the traffic trends have been pretty bad at both casual and QSRs. So congratulations for outperforming that. But I guess question is really what are you hearing from your customers? What are their expectations for the second half of the year? Do you think that there are -- there's some pent-up demand on the customer side because really the restaurant guys have struggled here over the last year and so we should expect to see improvements there and maybe improvements for Hormel? Or what are you hearing from consumers about where they're shopping, retail versus dining out?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. I mean, on the QSR side, at least on a domestic basis, we tend to be less of a player with QSRs. Part of that is maybe by design in terms of we just kind of found our model of creating unique items that are designed for giving operators less what a really large chain is looking for. But it's in part, I think, also -- I mean, there's been a little change in this. But by and large, the fast-food channel is sort of chicken and beef focused and we're a turkey and pork supply chain business. I think our leader of the group articulated in Investor Day their strategy to also really work on the noncommercial side of the Foodservice business and so they've had some very nice success in the college and university environment, in the health care world and so forth. So they're seeing better growth through that segment than what the overall industry is experiencing. That being said, I mean, we are -- I think the sort of secular comments we're hearing is a little bit of optimism coming out of them for the upcoming quarter for this segment as a whole, and our group feels it's well positioned to continue to have really solid quarter in Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Really, just more of a comment. Wanted to thank... [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: He disconnected, I guess. We'll have to go on to Jonathan Feeney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Unworthy substitute, I must admit. I wanted to dig in a little bit more on Turkey Store business. As Akshay said, it just seems to hang in there and seems to be so much -- I mean, is it just dramatically less of a commodity business right now because of the branding and value-added you've done? And specifically, how much has the mix of business changed from 5 years ago versus from what you consider near to that the whole bird business commodity mix back then? So just 5 years ago versus where that is today. If you could give me sort of a ballpark estimate for thinking about that? Then I have one follow-up.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: True. Yes, I mean, clearly, the predominant results driver for Jennie-O Turkey Store are their value-added branded products that they sell at the retail deli and foodservice. The mix has -- I don't have the stats for you. Maybe Kevin can follow up with you on that. But clearly, it has changed over the 5-year time frame. Not only have we changed by virtue of those items, but I think if I'm remembering correctly, I think there's been 2 occasions over those 5 years that we've actually tightened our basic processing within the turkey business to make sure that we're staying fully in balance and that we're just supporting the value-added items and not throwing off a lot of additional commodity meat. So that's improved the percentage as well. And then on top of just sheer -- not having as many numbers, I mean, the team's done a nice job at driving other efficiency gains that have led to those results.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: It doesn't sound like it's dramatically different. It just sounds like of the value-added business then, you've just gotten -- been more effective at it. Is that a fair characterization?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, and the advertising has helped. This year is a little bit less significant campaign, but the last 2 years prior to this, we've -- $20 million-plus each year in terms of trying to drive business with really nice results. The past campaigns have featured burgers and turkey bacon and both of those, over the long time frame, are way up. I mean, well into the double-digit increases.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And my follow-up question, Jeff, is a while back you used to have this great -- like 10 years ago, in your presentation, you used to have this great pyramid where the top of the ladder you had high value-added items and you sort of -- the idea was to push people off that pyramid in terms of margin structure. Across the Refrigerated Foods and turkey business, I mean, could you differentiate -- have those margins at the top of the ladder just gotten bigger in the value-added space and that's why? Or you've done better across-the-board? Or is the mix of business in both Refrigerated and turkey just so much less in that commodity piece than it, say, was 5 or even 10 years ago that you're sustaining these higher margins?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think the biggest impact would be the moving -- if you do that pyramid as having different floors, if you will, we've moved more items up more floor levels. I mean, the percentage of portfolio that's a higher level of value-add that has the higher differentiation and therefore more defensible margin position is greater in both the Refrigerated Foods group and in the Jennie-O group.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is actually a question for Kevin Jones. Kevin, is this your last conference call?
Kevin C. Jones: It is.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Kevin, I want to thank you for many years of assistance. You've been a great investor relations contact for us, and thank you so much. Best of luck in retirement.
Kevin C. Jones: Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions at this time.
Kevin C. Jones: Okay. Thank you very much, everyone, for your participation. We appreciate it. Feel free to get back in touch with me and Jenna [ph] after the call for any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for participating. Please disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-05-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin C. Jones - Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand the conference over to your host, Mr. Kevin Jones. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin C. Jones: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2013. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter, then Jody will provide detailed financial results. The line will be opened for questions following Jody's remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, May 23, 2013. The dial-in number is (800) 406-7325, and the access code is 4617224. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 28 through 35 in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 27, 2013 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. [Operator Instructions] Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. We announced second quarter earnings this morning of $0.46 per share, down 4% from last year. Sales were $2.2 billion, an increase of 7%. Total volumes increased 4% despite a planned reduction in harvest levels at both our hog processing and turkey processing operations. The addition of Skippy peanut butter sales and the consolidation of our Don Miguel sales in our grocery product segment were a significant contributor to the sales gains. This will be the last quarter of comparison to quarters without Don Miguel product sales. I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products segment delivered a good quarter. Segment profit increased 10%, and sales grew 49%, including sales of Skippy peanut butter and Don Miguel products. We were pleased that sales by Grocery Products were up 4% even excluding Skippy peanut butter and Don Miguel products. Sales gains in Grocery Products were led by CHI-CHI'S and Herdez products, Hormel Compleats microwave meals, and Dinty Moore stew. Sales of our Hormel Compleats microwave meals increased for the second consecutive quarter, as our new cheesy pasta items helped drive growth. Segment operating profit for Refrigerated Foods was up 3%, as overall improvement across most of the business modestly offset losses in live production operations. Our affiliated business units, which include Farmer John and Burke, among others, showed significant growth. Sales for Refrigerated Food declined 2% in the quarter, primarily attributable to the planned reduction of harvest levels in our hog processing operations and from exiting our feed sales business. We saw growth in retail sales of Hormel party trays, Hormel convenience bacon and LLOYD'S Ribs, and in Foodservice sales of Hormel Natural Choice deli meats, HORMEL pecanwood bacon and our new HORMEL FIRE BRAISED Meats. We are excited about the potential growth that our new HORMEL REV snack wraps will bring to our Refrigerated Foods sales. These products are arriving on shelf at retailers nationally, and we will launch a significant advertising campaign starting in July to support this new product line. Segment operating profit at Jennie-O Turkey Store declined 26% on a sales decline of 2%, as we faced significantly-higher grain cost and lower commodity turkey meat prices. Increased sales of our value-added product in the retail and food service trade channels were insufficient to offset these headwinds. Nonetheless, sales of our Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray pack items and turkey bacon remained particularly strong as we continued to benefit from our Make The Switch advertising campaign over the past 3 years. Harvest levels at Jennie-O declined more than 2% during the quarter, which reduced our exposure to weak commodity turkey prices. Our Specialty Foods segment achieved another strong quarter with operating profit up 24%. These results were attributable to significant sales growth, as the team has done a nice job expanding the customer base. Sales grew 7% during the quarter, led by ingredients, ready-to-drink beverages, nutritional products and sugar. The agreement allowing Diamond Crystal Brands to sell SPLENDA sweetener into the food service trade channel will expire at the end of June. Our Specialty Foods segment will be challenged by the loss of these sales in the back half of the year. We also regret to report that this loss of business will necessitate Diamond Crystal's closing of its Perrysburg, Ohio plant. Diamond Crystal will be offering severance payments and priority status for employment opportunities at their other facilities to those impacted by this action. Our international and other segment continues to thrive. Operating profit grew a robust 21% on a 21% increase in sales. These results were led by increased sales of our SPAM family of products, improved profitability of our fresh pork products and better results from our China operations. We are excited about the benefit that the Skippy peanut butter business will bring to our sales and profitability in this segment. The integration of international sales outside of China that were part of the closing on January 30 is progressing well. We still expect to close on the sales within China and the operation located in Weifang by the end of our fiscal year. We expect a strong overall finish to fiscal 2013. In our grocery products area, we are seeing solid momentum in all 4 key product platforms, including our core canned items, our Mexican products, our microwave meals and Skippy peanut butter. Regarding Skippy, we are pleased with the progress we are making in gaining new distribution, and in obtaining strong execution at the store level. Our outlook remains bright for our international and other segment as well, as we start to attain the benefits of distributing our SPAM family of products and our new Skippy line together. We also expect continued sales growth and efficiency gains from our business in China. At Jennie-O turkey Store, we are looking for improved results in the second half, as pressures from higher grain costs and weaker commodity turkey prices begin to moderate. We are encouraged by the continued strength of our Jennie-O value-added products. For Refrigerated Foods, the processing margins in pork have been weaker than we had anticipated this year. This segment has experienced some of the same challenges as Jennie-O in terms of higher grain cost in live production areas and weaker commodity pork prices. However, we do expect a balance to eventually return to this area. We believe the investment we are making in the Rev snack wrap rollout will establish the foundation for a beneficial new product platform for the Refrigerated Foods group. After a great first half, our Specialty Foods segment will now be tasked with replacing the lost SPLENDA sweetener business. We have a number of initiatives underway aimed at building their other businesses. Taking all of the foregoing significant factors into account, we are maintaining our fiscal 2013 earnings guidance range of $1.93 per share to $2.03 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2013 totaled $125.5 million or $0.46 per share compared to $127.9 million or $0.48 per share a year ago. The results for 2013 include non-recurring cost incurred in the Skippy acquisition of about $9 million. Dollar sales for the second quarter totaled $2.2 billion compared to $2.0 billion last year, a 7% increase. Volume for the second quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, up 4% from the same period last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were 8% of sales, up from 7.4% of sales last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses were higher due to Skippy-related transition and transaction costs in the second quarter. We expect a minimal impact on selling, general and administrative expenses from the China closing of Skippy. SG&A expenses are expected to be around 7.5% of sales for the full year. Interest and investment income was $1.1 million for the second quarter compared to $2.3 million last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.1 million, down from $3.3 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2013. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 31.5% versus 33.5% in fiscal 2012. The lower tax rate is primarily due to settlements with various foreign and state tax jurisdictions. For fiscal 2013, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 33% and 34%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 265 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 271 million. We repurchased 200,000 shares of common stock during the second quarter, spending $7.9 million. We have 11 million shares remaining to be repurchased from the current authorizations in place. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31 million, up slightly from $29 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $120 million to $125 million in fiscal 2013. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, unchanged from last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $23 million compared to $28 million last year. For fiscal 2013, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $120 million to $130 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just one housekeeping question. When you said Jennie-O's improved results will be improved in the back half, is it sequential or year-over-year?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We're talking year-over-year comparisons, so for the first 2 quarters, clearly, significant drops from the prior year. As we had indicated when we headed into the year, we knew last year had really strong commodity turkey prices in the first half of the year, and we were in a much more beneficial position in terms of those grain costs, both in terms of the actual daily cost and with our hedges from the prior year. So we dropped nearly kind of $18 million a quarter year-over-year for the first 2 quarters. We expect that to improve significantly at the end of second half, getting back to even and then gaining as the half proceeds.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then my bigger picture question is can you talk about your input costs and your ability to price for the Grocery Products business and how you think about that going into the back half of the year, but also going into 2014?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, we don't have any 2014 pricing relating guidance yet. I mean we certainly -- it's sort of a franchise-by-franchise approach when it comes to the grocery group right now in terms of cost. I mean, it ranges anywhere from pressure we're getting in costs on beef- and chicken-related items to, frankly, the pork side costs have been fairly -- have been fine. We've had favorable avocado costs. We're new to the peanut butter business, but we've had favorable peanut cost thus far. In terms of announced pricing actions, I mean, kind of right before we closed on the deal, Unilever did follow a price decline on peanut butter and so that's enacted in the marketplace. There's no further pricing actions that we have at this time on that franchise. We did take a price increase on Hormel Compleats. That was the first one in several years. We wanted -- I think, as we talked about in prior calls, wanted to get that franchise humming again, get the right marketing support, get the right product mix, and we're happy with what the team has done in that regard, and so we just have now coupled that with a sort of a catch-up price increase on that item. But at this point, otherwise, we don't have any broad pricing actions in store for grocery products.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So you assume -- so the volume should be relatively at historical level? There wouldn't be any dislocations with volumes throughout the next, call it, 6 to 24 months that we could see?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: No, on grocery, I mean, we have really great momentum right now in grocery. I'm expecting very solid results on both top line and bottom line for grocery for the remainder of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Jeff, you said that you had really strong margins on your export business, and it was a bit curious, given some of the trade interruptions that we saw in the quarter, and I'm just curious if it was a delayed response, if that product had already been sold or if those markets to Russia and China just aren't a big deal for you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's more of the latter. I mean, we're really kind of a niche player when it comes to exports. We tend to sell more of the off all-based items when it comes to fresh pork. Clearly, SPAM is also a major export component of our overall portfolio for international, and in that case, those margins and sales have been solid contributors to the growth that international has been providing.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And are you anticipating any retaliatory actions on this COOL legislation here, I guess, the deadline is today, in terms of Canada and Mexico and what that could mean to the overall pork market?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, we've been supporters of the American Meat Institute and other trade associations' articulation to our government that we really felt that a modification to the country of origin labeling program would be beneficial frankly to us, as well as the trading partners in North America. It's kind of hard to read whether that's falling on deaf ears or whether there's going to be at least some progress in that. But in terms of retaliation, I don't have any greater sense, Christine, I guess, than anyone else as to what might happen in reaction to that.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Larson from CL King.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Jeff, could you give us a little flavor? This is on the turkey side. We've seen a relatively steady increase in sort of the production metrics for the industry over the last, let's say, 6 -- 4 to 6 quarters in egg sets, et cetera, and it looks like it finally kind of started catching up on the commodity pricing in that sector. Could you give us a little feel of where you think that -- the production numbers for the industry will be and why that should start maybe kind of even getting better in the second half?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, I think you're right in terms of sort of the long-term ramp that's occurred in the turkey business, but there has been kind of a reaction as things have moderated, as the commodity markets are less favorable, as grain costs have gone up. And so our read of the industry numbers is we're looking at kind of down 2% to 3% numbers. And of course, as we announced at the beginning of the year in terms of what our production levels were going to be, we've sought to put our production levels at about a 2% decline on a year-over-year basis. So that's a fairly favorable outlook heading out for the remainder of the year. We know there is 1 new plant coming online starting next year, the far-best organization in Indiana, and so that you may at some point see a tick-up in egg sets and whole placements related to the filling of that facility, but otherwise, I think we're in a fairly benign environment for the balance for turkey.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. The -- just a follow-up on that. Do you expect your harvest numbers for turkey to be kind of down that low-single percentage range for your second half? And then also your harvest numbers in pork, what would be the second half outlook for harvest numbers for that division as well?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think we'd stick with the full year number we've given you. We'll admit it's -- we don't always hit it exactly on the nose. I mean, turkey is a good example of that, and we talked about 1.5% to 2% decline on an annual basis. In the first quarter, the weights came in a little more favorable than we thought, and so we didn't -- it wasn't that steep a drop. The second quarter was actually steeper than 2%, but on average, we're still, for both supply chains, looking at that range.
Operator: Our next question is from Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Could you tell me please how big the SPLENDA business is? Obviously, it's material -- you had to close the plant, but I'm just trying to get an idea about revenue coming from that business and its contribution on an operating profit basis.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We really don't do line by line, either sales or operating profits, I mean, in terms of we're trying to give you a little bit of a sense of magnitude of impact for Specialty Foods by virtue of our comments that here or there really strong growth numbers that they managed to deliver in the first half. We're saying it's going to be much more of a challenge in the second half so it's significant, but I can't give you a precise number on that. I will also add, though, that when it comes to kind of the bottom line impact, our overall guidance in maintaining our annualized range is baking in everything we see coming in terms of the impact from the loss of that business for 2013.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, and the -- what is the ACV on the Rev product at this point?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The reported ACV from the team is in the 70% to 80% range, but they're telling -- that's kind of the acceptance level. I mean, I'm not sure than Nielsen, when you scan it, you -- there can be as much as a month lag sometimes, it's from -- when a customer says, "Okay, I'm taking it" to when it actually shows up on the shelf. But those are the kind of numbers we expect to have in place here, I would assume, by next month and we want -- for sure, we want them in place by July when the advertising kicks off and our team seems very confident that we're going to hit that.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And how many SKUs are on that product platform and are the retailers taking all of the SKUs or...
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: There are 8 varieties and most retailers are taking all of them. There are a few that are taking 5 or 6 versus all 8. In many cases, we're getting double facings for each item and so it's -- we're very excited about where it -- for the chains that we already see it on shelf and how they're executing it, it's going to be in a good position. And our repeat numbers, we've kept the test markets, the 3 markets that we started last fall, we've continued to have those markets in place with the product and the repeat numbers are still very strong for that item so that's very encouraging as well.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And the price point on that is what?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's plus or minus from $2. You'll see some in the high $1s. You'll see some in the low $2s.
Operator: Our next question is from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question is just on Refrigerated Food volumes and even Jennie-O turkey, actually, so it's 2 parts. Can you break down the volume decline in terms of value-added versus commodity? From what I understand your -- the hogs prices weren't down, I mean, they were down like 1% or something. So I'm just trying to understand the dynamics there, if there's anything going on, on the value-added side that we need to be maybe concerned about?
Jody H. Feragen: I guess I'll take the Refrigerated Foods side, Akshay. Well, we did see the reduction in harvest volumes, as well as some feed sales that we had been doing that we are no longer in that business. So those would be the 2 big impacts on volume for Refrigerated Foods. As far as the value-added franchises, obviously, the fresh pork business moves up and down with the harvest volumes. So you're going to see reductions there when the harvest is lower, but we're excited about some of our value-added franchises in the Refrigerated Foods section. We saw great results on our party tray business. So we continue to look for those to deliver along with the Rev products that will be hitting in the back half of the year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: So for Jennie-O, clearly the total pounds processed were down, the total pounds sold were down, but most of the drop in sales really came out of -- was in the commodity side of it. Our value-added volumes were actually up for the quarter, very significant gains continuing on the retail side and solid gains on Foodservice, a little less so on the deli components. So those are kind of our 3 go-to-market, value-added components, but overall, from a Jennie-O franchise basis, we're still in very good shape in terms of our sales volumes through to consumers.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one on Skippy so can you talk about sort of longer-term? I know you haven't owned that business for that long, but for the time that you've owned it, what have you learned, like top 2 maybe positives relative to your expectations and 2 -- 1 or 2 sort of negatives relative to your expectations.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. Well, I don't have any negatives right now, Akshay. I guess that's a good thing. From a positive standpoint, our team's done a great job of getting ahead of the curve in terms of the integration aspect. So we had a 5-month transition agreement in place with the seller that we ended up getting out of in 3 months because we were ready to go, both from a plant standpoint and an order-to-cash standpoint. The sales team is very excited about having this franchise. They're working on a customer by customer basis to see if there were distribution voids or opportunities, to see if they can promote the product better. In some cases, this is what we said when we announced it -- this was going to instantly be our single largest grocery products franchise. And so in some markets, we're finding -- I mean, this has really made us a much more major distributor and supplier to certain retailers, and so it really kind of elevates our game in terms of what we can talk about there. One of the things sort of yet to come in terms of the Skippy franchise is our assessment on the marketing and the advertising side. We're starting to study that, what would be a good proposition there, where would that rank compared to our other opportunities in the company, and we'll certainly have some guidance and information on that as we head into 2014, but that's a task for the remainder of -- kind of middle and fall of this year.
Operator: Our next question is from Farha Aslam from Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First, just a quick housekeeping. Skippy sales, are you willing to disclose what they were in the quarter?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We really don't do line-by-line sales. I mean, we gave you a sense of those sales, though, for on a kind of U.S. and foreign basis when we closed the deal, and it's consistent with kind of -- it's not a particularly seasonal product, so I mean, you can certainly get close to the number by looking at it that way.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just following on to Diane's question regarding that Specialty Foods in the second half, do you expect operating profits to still be positive for that segment or do you think year-over-year, we should build in some cushion and anticipate some downside risk?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, based on the announcement today, you can see there is an element of a ramp-down to it, the business, we end up leaving our facility and our sales organization at the end of June so that takes us -- we still have it for 2 periods of third quarter. So I mean, I think, you can look at third quarter, there'll be less of an impact, and fourth quarter, there'll be more of an impact.
Jody H. Feragen: But just to clarify, the segment will be profitable.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: You -- no, of course, the segment will be profitable, but do you -- but year-over-year, you expect profits in that segment, particularly in the fourth quarter, to be down?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: That's a fair statement, yes.
Jody H. Feragen: I would expect that.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then just going forward, now that Skippy is largely integrated, looking at your balance sheet and cash flow and organization, do you feel like you're ready to look at incremental M&A opportunities, and could you just share with us any color you can about that M&A landscape?
Jody H. Feragen: Sure. Yes, we're very pleased with the domestic integration of Skippy. We still have the international piece that will come later this year and we believe we have all the teams in place to get that done successfully. So certainly, a great testament to the people putting a lot of effort behind that. And we are absolutely willing and able to take on additional opportunities as they present themselves, and we continue to look for things that fit with our strategic areas of focus, and we will continue to do that, and I believe that we have plenty of capacity.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to know if you're looking at the next couple of quarters, maybe 4 quarters, you're guiding to higher turkey prices, lower grain cost headwinds both in refrigerated and in turkey. Can we add lower input prices for peanut butter in there as well?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Certainly, for the remainder of the year. I mean, we really haven't frankly done a lot yet with '14.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, but it could be -- is this possible it could spill over into '14 -- like all of these factors?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. All right, good. And then -- and maybe just to follow-up on refrigerated, I don't remember the last time that increased grain costs showed up as a negative to profits in Refrigerated Foods. Can you remind us like what your live production operations are in terms of size and what's the strategic value of holding on to those?
Jody H. Feragen: Sure. Perhaps about less than 20% of our production comes from our live production units that are based in the western part of the United States or contracts that we have with growers that include a grain-based component. I would expect some of those grain-based contracts will end at the end of this year, but I do think that we'll keep a component of those going forward. From a strategic standpoint, we continue to evaluate all our operations and look to sustain those that provide the best shareholder returns. So I don't have any specific comment on our live grow operations at this point.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And Jody, what about the packing margins in the quarter? Did you say what those were, whether they were -- how they were different versus a year ago?
Jody H. Feragen: Boy, the comparisons have become much more difficult with the USDA changing the mandatory price reporting, I think, effective in April. So we're no longer getting the comparable voluntary price reporting, as well as the USDA changed the methodology used in building up that USDA cutout. So year-over-year comparisons are a little difficult. If I look at just our business and the way we do it, I would say it would be a net even to last year. We do expect the industry to get back into some more moderating and normalized levels in the back half, and that there should be some improvement, but giving you a year-over-year is difficult at this point.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And how do you feel about your processing capability there, the efficiency of your packing, the strategic value of doing that? Do feel like you're -- I've noticed very good numbers from Tyson in that regard, like do you feel like there's a way for you to close that gap in terms of improving your efficiencies?
Jody H. Feragen: Well, we have 2, 3 plants that basically do live harvest, and we've looked at our Farmer John plant to really bring in the number of heads that equal the amount of value-added product that they need, and they've done a great job of reducing cost in that area by doing that. Sure, our Fremont plant probably could be a little more efficient because it's only a single harvest, but it better matches what we need for our value-added. So I would say that having those processing capabilities to provide our own sole source of raw materials is valuable to us at this point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up question from Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: I just wanted to say, it was an awfully cold spring. We had snow, as you probably know, until late May in a lot of areas. I'm wondering, as you look at your grocery portfolio, curious if there is any effect on overall sales you think from the colder weather?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Boy, maybe in Dinty Moore, otherwise, of the items that we're carrying the day, no, I mean, Mexican really has very little seasonality, we've learned that peanut butter has very little seasonality. Microwave meals, if anything, skew to back to school, in that kind of time range. So no, I guess I really don't see that as having that kind of impact on our grocery portfolio.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then if you think about the consumers right now, we're getting a lot of, I think, a pretty wide array of data points in terms of consumer strength, especially in the protein area where prices have gone up quite a bit. You obviously have record high beef prices, and I think turkey has had a bit of pushback from the higher prices. Just curious, how would you -- can you put any color around what you're seeing in terms of buying patterns? Are they going towards the value end of the portfolio? Or has there been any pushback in terms of these price increases that you needed to put through?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, it really seems to vary item by item, and I suppose our items probably have different consumer targets or different consumers who frequent those areas. So let's just take turkey as an example. I mean, our fresh tray pack items are still growing very solidly. We have had to take pricing on them on a fairly steady basis, unfortunately, with the -- not just this year's increase in grain cost, but a multiple year increase in it. Yet, I think we've done the right things in terms of marketing that brand and appealing to the health element for that consumer, and so that's -- it's still growing great. Behind the glass, deli sales of turkey, those are softer, and I do think price point is a factor in that, as both the retailer and the manufacturer unfortunately had to push those up some. I do think there's been some migration by consumers to other choices there. So it seems to vary by item. I just look at the overall franchises of the company, and I'm just pleased that we have so many of them that are in solid volume positions, and so overall, I'm satisfied with where we're at in terms of our pricing.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Remy from D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jody, could you parse the 7% sales number into acquisition, volume and price mix or anything like that? I didn't see that you did that but if I did -- if you did, I'm sorry.
Jody H. Feragen: We split out the sales numbers on -- boy, I don't -- you know what, Tim, I don't have that off the top of my head.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. I see you did a lot of that in the segments, but just trying to avoid the math. And also, on the Skippy one-time charge, is that a net of tax number or was there a tax cost associated with that or a tax benefit associated with that?
Jody H. Feragen: That's the before-tax number so that's what would be included up in the segment.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Right. And so in a normal tax rate?
Jody H. Feragen: Those would be generally deductible from a tax standpoint.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Gurkin from Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to start with Skippy and the conversation about the one-time charge for -- of $9 million in the quarter. Should we expect any more charges in the back half? I know you commented on China, but is there anything else to think about?
Jody H. Feragen: Nothing that would be substantial. So that would be the major portion and a lot of that's banker and legal fees and due diligence fees. So those are already done, even for the China sites.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then any changes in anticipated synergies from Skippy?
Jody H. Feragen: No, in fact, we continued to reevaluate potential opportunity for synergy.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if we could just walk through the outlook for the year, you maintain your outlook, which includes the Skippy cost, I would assume, the lost SPLENDA sales, so what is the offset for that lost SPLENDA sales, and can you walk me through the different components? And what's maybe changed in the different segment outlook as a component of the overall company outlook?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Well, here's how we look at second half. We see Grocery Products in a position to deliver very strong results. They're really hitting on all cylinders in terms of their different franchises. We have good MegaMex business. The can business is by and large growing. Microwave has now had restored growth, and then Skippy clearly will kick in a contribution to that as well. The other segment that we're expecting a really solid second half from would be international. I think, historically, people have looked at our international, and thought, oh, gee, that's kind of small and maybe doesn't have as big of an impact. But I pulled the comparison just on a 3-year basis for the first half so this year first half segment profit for international is $32.7 million. In 2010, it was $11.8 million. So I mean, it's become a major contributor to us, and we expect the growth in the second half for international to be every bit as strong as it's been in the first half. They've got good SPAM momentum. They've got good niche pork items, China's doing well, and again, Skippy will kick in, not -- obviously, we don't have the sales in China yet, but for the international sales that are outside of China. When it comes to Jennie-O and refrigerated, I mean, we're looking at them being contributors to growth in the second half, but not barnburners. In Jennie-O's case, that is a positive overall to our outlook because as I mentioned at the outset, obviously, we had some fairly significant deficits year-over-year coming out of Jennie-O in segment profit for the first half of the year as we had anticipated, and so we should now be back in a position where Jennie-O can hold its own and grow a little bit. And then Refrigerated Foods is kind of in that mode as well. I mean, overall, refrigerated has probably been a little bit under our expectation for the first half, and so we're not seeing a huge gain out of them in the second half, but it will -- but certainly, a gain. And so all those positives, obviously, as you point out and as we've talked about earlier in the call, the event with SPLENDA and the Specialty Foods was not something we had anticipated when the year began, but we now -- know it's coming and feel that the other 4 units are going to be able to more than cover any declines that are related to the loss of the SPLENDA business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up question from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just on Skippy, can you just remind us, in terms of your guidance for next year, I'm assuming it's not changed from your previous guidance. But more importantly, what type of assumptions do you have in there for peanut costs? And are we -- like this quarter, I'm assuming we didn't see a benefit to their margins from peanut costs. Can you just help me with that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I can't do much for you at this point with 2014 yet, I mean we just really on a company-wide basis have not gotten into laying down our business plan, and therefore, be able -- being able to compare, gee, how does that look versus the 2014 guidance we provided when the acquisition was announced. I don't know of any material problem related to that range, but I just -- we have not updated it. In terms of what's going on this year, those peanut costs have been favorable. There was an element of that, that was positive to the business during the second quarter, but obviously, we had a lot of one-time charges in there as well that mitigated that. But during the second half of the year, that will be beneficial to both the Grocery Products and international franchises.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And just one for Jody, a couple for Jody. Just on Skippy itself, your guidance for D&A, how much of that in '13 is just related to deal-related amortization? And so what should we expect on a full-year basis on deal-related amortization for Skippy?
Jody H. Feragen: We took the range up, I think, this quarter, and that would include any amortization related to Skippy, amortizable, intangibles and any additional depreciation. We have not finalized our purchase accounting so there may be some adjustment in there, but I feel pretty comfortable with that range I gave you.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But the -- is it fair to assume that the change is related to the acquisition or not necessarily?
Jody H. Feragen: Some of the change -- the majority of the change is related to the acquisition. There's some other minor things, but that would be.
Operator: Our next follow-up question is from Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just a further question on the SPLENDA. In terms of Diamond Crystal, is SPLENDA the biggest component of Diamond Crystal? I know you have other condiment businesses, et cetera, in there, but if you could answer that question. And the other thing is what exactly happened with the contract? Was it just that you were so successful, the owner of the property wanted to keep it? Was it a failure to come to an agreement on the split in terms of the economics? If you could give us some color on why it was a surprise and what exactly happened.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. I can't quantify precisely for you in terms of the segment impact other than to tell you, obviously, it was significant enough in the total volume of Diamond Crystal that it prompted us to make a very tough decision in terms of the production facility, and obviously significant enough in terms of profit delivery that we're going to go from a year that's been very solid for Specialty Foods to a second half that's going to be more troublesome. In terms of what happened, I mean it's a franchise that we've been involved with now for a number of years. The owner of the brand had the right to bring it back in-house upon an expiration of a contract. We had been in discussions with them with hopes to extend that contract, and ultimately, the decision was made that they wanted to bring it back in-house and go their own route. And so we will now look for other opportunities. That will be one of the things we outline in Investor Day here in June. Well, Don Kremin who runs that area will be one of the presenters, and he will be able to outline for you kind of, okay, well, what does Diamond Crystal look like and what kind of things there will they be pursuing now that this contract arrangement is no longer in place.
Operator: Our next follow-up question is from Eric Larson from CL King.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just one quick question on your guidance. What is -- I just want to find out what is in your guidance and what isn't? Your $9 million or $0.02 per charge for Skippy integration and those costs are in your guidance, I believe. Is any severance costs for the shutdown of your plant with Diamond Crystal is -- are those costs included in your guidance as well or will that be a separately-disclosed item?
Jody H. Feragen: Eric, everything's baked into the guidance range so we've included the non-recurring costs related to the acquisition of Skippy, as well as any charges for shutdown of a plant and severance, including the lost business related to SPLENDA, so everything's in.
Operator: Thank you. There appear to be no further questions. Please continue with any other points you wish to raise.
Kevin C. Jones: Thank you, everyone, for participating in our conference call this morning. Please feel free to follow-up with me with any additional questions you may have, and we thank you for your time. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Hormel Foods Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-02-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin C. Jones - Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Andrew Strelzik Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Hormel Foods First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Thursday, February 21, 2013. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Kevin Jones. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin C. Jones: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of our fiscal 2013 year. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter, then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be opened for questions following Jody's remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, February 21, 2013. The dial-in number is (800) 406-7325. The access code is 4599951. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 27 through 30 in our company's annual report for the fiscal year ended October 28, 2012, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. [Operator Instructions] Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. We announced first quarter earnings this morning of $0.48 per share, even with last year. The value of our balanced business model was again on display as strong results by our Specialty Foods, Grocery Products and International All Other segments offset weaker results by our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment. Results in our Refrigerated Foods segment were even with last year, hindered by poor pork operating margins. In terms of the top line, we generated record sales of $2.1 billion, an increase of 4%. Total volumes increased 2% despite a planned reduction in harvest levels at our hog processing operations. We increased sales in 4 of our 5 segments. I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products segment profit increased 13%, and sales grew 24%. We began including sales of our Don Miguel products in Grocery Products results beginning in the third quarter of last year, and these sales were very robust in this recent quarter. We were also pleased to see that sales for Grocery Products were up 4% excluding Don Miguel products. Sales gains in Grocery Products were led by our SPAM family of products, Hormel chili, Mary Kitchen hash and Herdez salsa. Sales of our Hormel Compleats microwave meals also increased during the quarter as our new Cheesy Pasta items aided growth. Segment operating profit for Refrigerated Foods was even with last year, as poor pork operating margins and weaker results in live production eroded the results in our value-added franchises and stronger performance by our affiliated business units. The affiliated business units include Farmer John, Burke and Dan's Prize. Sales for Refrigerated Foods declined 2% in the quarter, primarily attributable to a planned reduction of harvest levels in our hog processing operations. We did achieve growth in retail sales of Hormel party trays, retail and food service sales of Hormel Natural Choice deli meats and food service sales of our new HORMEL FIRE BRAISED Meats. Segment operating profit at Jennie-O Turkey Store decreased 23% as we faced significantly higher grain costs and lower commodity turkey meat prices. Increased sales of our value-added products across all trade channels were unable to offset these headwinds. Sales of our Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray pack items, turkey franks and turkey bacon were particularly strong, as we continue to benefit from our Make The Switch advertising campaign over the past 3 years. We reduced our harvest numbers at Jennie-O during the quarter in order to better balance our turkey meat supplies. However, higher bird weights offset most of the decrease in harvest levels this quarter. Our Specialty Foods segment profit grew an impressive 43% in the quarter. These results were attributable to both significant sales growth and improved operating efficiencies. Sales grew 7% during the quarter, led by Hormel Health Labs products, private label canned meat, savory ingredients, nutritional products and ready-to-drink products. Segment profit results in Specialty Foods have now registered year-over-year growth for 4 consecutive quarters. Our All Other segment, which consists primarily of our Hormel Foods International business, grew operating profit a strong 37% on a 4% increase in sales. Results were primarily attributable to strong exports of fresh pork and improved profitability by our China operations. Our current fiscal year and beyond are shaping up well. In our Grocery Products area, we are seeing strength in all 3 of our key product platforms. In the traditional canned goods area, we have excellent momentum on the SPAM family of products, Hormel Chili and Mary Kitchen hash. Our microwave franchise is being reinvigorated by our new Cheesy Pasta Compleats items. And within our MegaMex Foods joint venture, we continue to grow our consumer franchises with Herdez salsas, Don Miguel appetizers and Wholly Guacamole dips and salsas. We expect continued growth from both our Specialty Foods and All Other International segments. For Specialty Foods, our approach of managing operations on a segment-wide basis is paying dividends, coupled with some nice sales success in the industrial and private label arena. For International, we look for continued success in growing our SPAM franchise worldwide and with targeted fresh pork exports, coupled with the added sales growth and efficiency we are seeing from our China operations. We're also encouraged by the strength of our value-added protein products in both Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Stores. This bodes well for positive long-term contributions by both units to our overall company. We recognize that both of these units are facing some challenges in terms of immediate delivery of segment profit growth. In the case of Refrigerated Foods, the soft and even negative processing margins in pork are weaker than we had anticipated, but we do expect the balance to eventually return to this area, allowing for more traditional returns. Higher grain costs and lower turkey commodity meat prices will continue to hinder margins at Jennie-O Turkey Store in the near term. We expect the results to begin to improve as we move into the latter part of the year. The planned reduction in harvest levels at Jennie-O Turkey Store and modest and strategic pricing should help mitigate those headwinds going forward. I would point out that this unit is still delivering excellent operating results. The current business is solid from our standpoint, and we expect we will soon see a substantial added benefit in 2 of our 5 operating segments from the Skippy acquisition. Although our ownership of this iconic brand is in its early stages, we are excited by what we see in terms of opportunities for growth, both domestically and abroad. The financial benefits from this acquisition will emerge more significantly as the year proceeds, in that our second quarter will bear the burden of a large amount of the charges related to the transaction. Strong operating margins, enhanced by expected synergies, will flow fully through our results commencing in fiscal 2014. The estimated charges and income are both reflected in our revised guidance. In addition, we continue to enjoy outstanding contributions to total company growth from our innovation efforts. The latest example of our team's work is the planned launch this spring of our new Hormel roast snack wraps, which are being offered by the Meat Products team within our Refrigerated Foods segment. This line consists of 8 varieties of meat and cheese combinations, each rolled in flatbread. These ready on-the-go products can be enjoyed by consumers either in a cold state or easily warmed up in 20 seconds in a microwave oven. This new line outpaced all of our benchmarks in recent test markets, and we are receiving broad acceptance of the line from retailers throughout the United States. Taking all of these factors into account, we are raising our fiscal 2013 earnings guidance to a range of $1.93 per share to $2.03 per share from our prior guidance range of $1.90 per share to $2 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the first quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Earnings for the first quarter of fiscal 2013 totaled $129.7 million or $0.48 per share compared to $128.4 million, also $0.48 per share, a year ago. Dollar sales for the first quarter totaled $2.12 billion compared to $2.04 billion last year, a 4% increase. Volume for the first quarter was 1.24 billion pounds, up 2% from the same period last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were 7.4% of sales, down slightly from 7.5% of sales last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses are expected to be between 7% and 7.5% of sales for the full year. Interest and investment income was $1.8 million for the first quarter compared to $1.6 million last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.1 million compared to $3.2 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2013. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 33.5% versus 33.4% in fiscal 2012. For fiscal 2013, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 33.5% and 34.5%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the first quarter was 263.9 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the first quarter was 269.1 million shares. On January 29, 2013, our Board of Directors approved a new share authorization to repurchase up to 10 million shares of our common stock. We now have authorization in place to purchase approximately 11.2 million shares. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $29.8 million, down slightly from $30.8 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $120 million in fiscal 2013. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, unchanged from last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $22.1 million compared to $30.5 million last year. For fiscal 2013, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $130 million to $140 million. At the beginning of our second quarter, we completed the acquisition of the Skippy business, excluding China, using our available cash balances. We expect to have minimal borrowings on our revolving line of credit in the current quarter. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: My first question is more an industry one. Recently, you've seen China implement some restrictions on U.S. exports with ractopamine. How do you anticipate that will impact the industry and as well your business, because you've seen recently a significant selloff in hogs as a result of that? Is that a net positive or negative for your business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Farha, it's obviously very current, what's going on there, a very fluid situation. Each day seems to bring some different results. And it's fluid in terms of the market impact. I mean, for example, yesterday, the processing margins turned positive for the first time in quite a while now with a fairly sharp change from what we had been seeing before. So it's probably a little early for us to tell both whether that's going to have that long-term impact on the processing margins and more specifically what it will do to export volumes. I can say that in our case, I mean, we're not a big player when it comes to exporting of pork directly to China. And so it's not -- we don't see it as a major direct impact on our business, but clearly, it can have spillover effects on the markets, as you pointed out.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So net so far has been a positive because the hog prices have gone down and your pork margins turned positive?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Per day.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And then just a follow-up. You have now had Skippy for a few weeks. As you've gotten under the hood, is there anything that's been notably positive or negative that you've noted in the new business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean, I guess we're still very positive about it. It is very early. The Skippy -- the onboarding happens in multiple phases with Skippy. On the domestic side, we are now involved in managing the Little Rock plant on a day-to-day basis. And having had a great chance to get to know the team down there, and they have an excellent operation there, and so a business emanating from that venture, operationally, we're right in charge of it right now. In terms of the sales logistics, et cetera, for the upcoming quarter, those will still be handled by Unilever as part of the transition agreement we have. We actually have up to 5 months of transition opportunity with Unilever. Our goal is to get that done in 3 months, but we're trying to have that totally in our hands by the beginning of the second half. When it comes to the international side of the business, it's a little tricky, and so I'll kind of lay that out for how that works. As we said on the Skippy acquisition call, we don't own the Skippy plant in China yet, and we won't for several months. That has to be approved. That permit has to be transferred by the Chinese government. However, sales internationally that emanate from the Little Rock plant, so for example, the Canada or Mexico, those we have right now, clearly have control over. The sales of products out of the China plant into markets other than China will count in our international results starting now. However, the margin will probably be a little different than we ultimately experience because, again, we're not only having a co-pack, but it's also being distributed and sold for us by Unilever. And then lastly, sales in China don't count at all right now, where that comes with the permit. And so that probably won't come on board until, at the earliest, Q4, and maybe more like the beginning of next year. But overall, we're really very excited by what we see.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Ramey with D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: So I continue to be positively impressed with the margins of Jennie-O Turkey Store. The macro certainly was worse than a 15% margin would have -- macro would have indicated a worse margin than 15%, so congratulations on that. Your comments suggested that -- are we going to see it sort of go a little lower in the near term, or just sort of hang in this level and then recover as the year progresses? Do you have that sense of granularity about the business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. And what we talked about at the year-end call was sort of a new annualized guidance range for Jennie-O of an 11% to 15% range, and we're still quite comfortable with that. The 15% delivery this quarter -- Q1 and Q4 are traditionally their highest margin delivery quarters, and the middle of the year is traditionally lower. So on that basis alone, if you're looking at percentage returns, we would expect Q2 to be lower than Q1. If you're looking at it on a year-over-year segment profit delivery basis, we do feel the Q2 -- by the time you really get in all the different cost impacts and all the commodity market impacts, our best look right now would say we'll probably have a somewhat -- a slightly deeper decline in Q2 year-over-year than what we experience in Q1, but we expect then to build a rebound from that as the year goes on.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And I mean, obviously, the mix of commodity items changes from Q1 to Q2. Is that right or am I overstating that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: That's an impact. The other impact that occurs is on the operations side, as when we get summer conditions, weights go down, and typically, margins decline.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask -- so in your script, you said you, through the quarter, kind of came in line with where you thought it would be originally. You did take up your guidance modestly. Is that solely reflecting the closure of Skippy? And then if you could just tell us what are -- I'm assuming the onetime cost you're going to have is a separate line item in your P&L when you report your second quarter results. To the extent the Street excludes those as onetime items, would your EPS range then be higher by whatever that amount is, and if you could quantify that amount?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I'll let Jody answer part of the second question. I'm doubting she can answer the last part of it. But in terms of the guidance change, typically, we've been in the motto of giving annual guidance for the past couple of years, and our philosophy has been not to just tweak the range based on results of a given quarter. We really want the focus to be on annual. In this case, with the significant announcement of the Skippy acquisition in the middle of the quarter, we then did undertake the responsibility as a team to reassess, okay, what do we now think the year looks like on the basis of our knowledge right now? So clearly, the addition of Skippy was factored in. We looked at the trends of what was going on in our other businesses, and that's where we ended up with moving the guidance range.
Jody H. Feragen: And as far as -- I think the part that was left for me is to talk about the onetime transaction costs. I would expect that at the end of the second quarter, when we have paid all the onetime transaction costs, that we'd be able to give you some level of magnitude. We have include our -- included our best estimates of those in the guidance range that we provided this quarter. But a lot of them are uncertain at this point, so I wouldn't want to give you something that wasn't precise.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that. And then just as a follow-up on Skippy, can you give us an idea about when you think you might be able to tell us what you expect in terms of synergies? I appreciate the China business, you're not going to talk about that at this point. But just in terms of you have to have some synergies within the U.S. business itself, which I'm assuming you'll be able to quantify over the next 6 months, 3 months?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We've tended to not really endeavor to precisely lay out, "Okay, here's the synergy target." We prefer to give you the all-in, "Okay, here's the operating results we expect to have from the business." Right? We provided that for the 2014 goal the $0.13 to $0.17 range, and we're still comfortable with that. However, as we get our hands around the business more, if we find that, that has changed, we certainly would provide an update then to that expectation.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Were there some synergies included in that '14 impact that you gave us when you announced the deal?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. And it was -- but yes, that was intended to encompass that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport & Company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I just want to ask about 2 areas. One is your strategy in deli meats. Are you changing any pricing or trying to get into any different segments in that area? And then second, can you just update me on peanut contracts for the Skippy business? Where are those?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: On the first question on deli meats, I mean, the category is evolving somewhat. We are still a significant behind-the-glass player, with ham and turkey being 2 of the major protein components that are behind there. And we certainly are working actively with all our retail partners to keep that business as robust as possible. But it's a business that has seen small declines for the last couple of years. A lot more activity is occurring in grab-and-go context. And between our Natural Choice offerings, which are still doing quite well in the marketplace, and our party trays would be another example of deli offering, and the snack trays -- so that's our effort to go after those kind of areas and provide other options when it comes to deli meats. On peanut contracts, I'm really going to have to punt on that one and maybe come back to you next quarter. I -- we just don't have our hands around that aspect of it completely at this stage. It's still pretty early on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to chat a little bit about the pork margins that you mentioned. I mean, overall, the pork complex has been pretty weak, right? I mean, the hog prices have come down recently, and pork cutout has been weak now for a while. I mean, in that environment, with the value-added portfolio that you have, you typically do well or better than you did in Refrigerated Foods. So first, am I understanding that correctly? And if I am, I mean, what's different about this time around where you have weak cutouts and you have relatively weak hog prices, and yet the Refrigerated Foods business showed some weak results?
Jody H. Feragen: Let me try to help you with that, Akshay. We did see hog costs this quarter that were below the quarter a year ago but quite a bit above where we were at the end of fiscal 2012. We would expect those higher hog prices to continue for the full year. Now that is certainly subject to all those uncertainties related to the recent news on China. What we have seen is low domestic demand for pork. Certainly, that's driving that cutout and the value of those primals that go into our value-added products lower, which do benefit our value-added businesses. And sometimes, that's not quite an immediate benefit but happens over a period of time as you work through some inventory. So we would expect higher cutout values for the rest of the year, and that should help Refrigerated Foods as they turn back into more normalized margins.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So is -- so if I understand correctly, the cutout being weak, net-net should be a positive since you have a value-added portfolio. And what you're saying is there may just be some timing issues related to your portfolio. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Jody H. Feragen: Right, I would expect those margins to improve as the year goes on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Strelzik with BMO Capital Markets.
Andrew Strelzik: This is Andrew Strelzik for Ken Zaslow. First, I'm interested in how you're thinking about capital allocation, particularly on the M&A side, after the Skippy deal? Has your appetite for acquisitions changed at all? What type of deal or size of deal would interest you? Any color around that would be helpful.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. We really haven't changed our outlook. We're intent on growing our business. Our long-term guidance for the business is 5% top line, 10% bottom line. And if you look at our track record over the past dozen years, I mean, clearly, acquisitions have played a role on that, and we're very pleased to bring on the Skippy brand as the latest example of that. While that did winnow down our cash position and our slight net borrowers after that, we still have virtually no debt, and realize we have significant debt capacity and are fully ready and capable of utilizing that capacity if the right opportunity comes along. In terms of strategic area, I mean, we were excited by the many things that Skippy brought to the party. I've been asked a couple times, "Gee, does that mean you're only going to buy shelf-stable items now or grocery items?" And while we definitely like that aspect of that transaction, that does not mean that we wouldn't look to continue to grow our protein businesses, our international business, our specialty business, et cetera. So we're -- we still intend to be actively looking for things that would be logical fits with our company, and we have the financial capability to do that.
Andrew Strelzik: Appreciate the color on that. My second question is related to food service. Some of the recent data we've been seeing shows a weakening in the food service segments, so I'm just interested in what you're seeing there.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We're seeing the same thing. Now food services to me has been a very choppy environment for quite some time now, I mean, almost since the recession began. It has its ups and downs. It seems to recover. It goes back. This weakness that we're seeing is really only a couple months old. Some of the theories out there include the recent hike in gas prices, they include the lapse of the payroll tax holiday, and I think those probably do make sense. I would say, though, I mean, based on what has happened over the last couple of years, that consumers do sometimes seem to, for a short time, change their habits and maybe, okay, have more meals at home. But they usually eventually kind of revert back to what their preferred mix of at-home versus out-of-home occasions are. And so my best guess right now is that this will be a fairly short-term phenomenon, and we'll see at least some growth returning to the food service segment going forward.
Andrew Strelzik: And then lastly, you talked about reducing your harvest volumes on the turkey side. Can you quantify that? And have you changed your outlook for production levels internally for the rest of the year?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, the goal we -- I think we kind of said it's probably in the maybe 1.5% range was the annualized pound change we were looking to see. And we acknowledged, I guess, in the comments earlier that we made the head adjustment that we had planned. But at least in this early season, the weights ended up a little higher. We do think still, over the course of the full year, there will be a reduction. Whether it'll be the 1.5% within fiscal 2013, it may not be after having a quarter where that didn't occur. But the trend will definitely be in that traction. And that's part of -- I mean, commodity meat values are lower, and so we really don't see the need to have surplus meat in this environment. We'll still have sufficient meat to support our growing value-added businesses for Jennie-O.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just -- I don't know if you mentioned it earlier. I might have missed it. But we're hearing a lot about this sequester and the potential for the furlough to impact USDA inspectors. I'm wondering, is it realistic to think they could even withdraw those inspectors, and do you have any contingency plans in place should that happen?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's definitely an issue we're keeping our eye on. And obviously, we're one of many players that would be affected. I mean, the sequester side related to inspectors is just one of numerous things going on in the economy that may or may not happen, depending on how the political games play out. Our best information right now would suggest that, okay, even if no budget deal or change is made and a sequester begins, if there are notice requirements within the government to their own inspectors that would probably push a change in operations out to the May, June timeframe. And then we'll just have to see, okay, how many -- what are the numbers you're talking about? What does that potentially do to our operations? Our position has been consistent with the position articulated by the American Meat Institute, which is we believe that there are other discretionary things within the USDA's total operation that potentially would be more logical targets for reductions in costs versus the mandatory presence of inspectors in our facilities. And if they're not there, and that means all those people have to get laid off and all that food is not delivered, that seems to be a pretty disruptive thing to the economy and society, and perhaps, we can come up with a better solution than that. But it's a very fluid situation. It definitely would -- it's something we have to keep our eye on. But right now, we don't expect there to be an immediate impact from it.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then just one follow-up. It sounds like you're pretty optimistic on value-added sales going forward tied to your portfolio, and yet we're seeing some weakness on the protein side for commodity meats. I'm curious, how does that fit? You've got pretty strong expectations, I guess, around more expensive or what I would consider premium products versus weaker expectations for commodity. So maybe you can explain further?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. Christine, one explanation I would have is the commodity markets, at least for our 2 main proteins, turkey and pork, are significantly influenced by export activity. And so as the -- there's been Russia doing this and China doing that, and as things potentially tighten up some on that basis, that will have an overall impact on the commodity values that clearly is affecting turkey, for example. Now as we move up and up the value ladder into having consumer-based items that, yes, come from protein but that are used by consumers, whether they're meal-type items, like chili and Compleats or Don Miguel, or items that are more fully meat, like a Natural Choice. I mean, our experience right now is that those are very robust franchises. We're growing them at high single digits in many cases, and they're meeting the lifestyle needs of consumers. And so I think those are somewhat divorced, then, from what the commodity markets are doing.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Eric Larson with CL King.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: This -- and we've talked about this before. Maybe, Jeff, this might be a question for Jody as well, I'm just not sure. Can you quantify the impact -- the margin impact of including the Don Miguel sales in Grocery Products in the quarter? And the reason why I'm asking is because, actually, the profit impact was bigger than I had expected. And you did a good sales in some of your very high-margin products in the quarter, SPAM, et cetera. So is there a way to sort of quantify what the impact was with the Don Miguel sales in Grocery for the quarter?
Jody H. Feragen: Well, you have to remember that we get an equity and earnings contribution from the Don Miguel sales, so it's not a margin thing. And I'm not, off the top of my head, thinking what that impact would have been quarter-over-quarter. That might be a follow-up with Kevin if there's any additional color. Sorry.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. Well, that was the second part of my follow-up. Your equity earnings were actually down modestly in the quarter. I think you were at $9.8 million in equity earnings versus $11 million the year before. So I was just trying to reconcile those 2 lines a little bit. That's all. We can maybe get that offline.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, but let me do -- let me clarify what is in that equity and earnings line that's on the top side financial statement. That is equity and earnings in not only our domestic joint venture, the MegaMex, but also our international joint ventures. So that -- any change there is not just attributable to MegaMex.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: No, I realize that. And I've -- again, I was -- I saw that, that was down as well. So I mean, I was just trying to -- I realize there's more than just Don Miguel sales in that equity line. So I was just trying to get an idea of what the impact was with all of that for the quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: Okay.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The other thing to remember there, Eric, with Don Miguel is the only change that has occurred year-over-year is the sales being reflected in the sales line. And we've owned the deal for 2-plus years. So the bottom line profit of it has been our half -- share has been the same. But Jody is correct in terms of you probably need to kind of dive into it maybe offline to know which part flowed through margins versus equity in earnings.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's -- it's more of a technical question than anything else, in my judgment.
Operator: And I'm showing no additional questions at this time. I would like to turn it back to Kevin Jones for closing remarks.
Kevin C. Jones: Okay. Thank you for all of you who did take the time to listen, especially those who'll be at CAGNY in Boca Raton, Florida. I wish everybody a great rest of the day, and please feel free to follow up with me directly with any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-11-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin C. Jones - Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Hormel Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, November 20, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kevin Jones, Director of Investor Relations. Go ahead, sir.
Kevin C. Jones: Thank you, Jill. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter of our Fiscal 2012. We released our results this morning before the market opened, around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter and the year and our guidance for fiscal 2013; then, Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter and the year. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks. [Operator Instructions] An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, November 20, 2012. The dial-in number is (800) 406-7325 and the access code is 4482517. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 32 through 38 in the company's 10-Q for the quarter ended July 29, 2012 filed September 7, 2012 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report solid results for the fourth quarter. Earnings per share were $0.49, up 14% from a year ago, on sales of $2.2 billion, a 3% increase. As another example of our balanced business model in action, we generated segment profit and sales increases in 4 out of 5 segments. For the full year, the company earned $1.86 per share, representing a 7% increase. We provided earnings guidance a year ago on this call wherein we said we would earn between $1.79 and $1.89 per share for the year, and I am pleased to report we finished in the upper half of that range. We also exceeded $8 billion in sales for the first time in company history, ultimately reaching $8.2 billion for the full year, up 4%. I am also glad to announce that our team was successful in achieving the goal of $2 billion in sales of new products by 2012. All 5 of our segments made significant contributions to reaching this goal. I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products group contributed significantly to our solid Q4 results, with segment profit up 22% and sales up 21%. You may recall that we began including sales of Don Miguel products in our Grocery Products results beginning in the third quarter of this year. Sales for Grocery Products in the quarter grew 3% excluding Don Miguel products. For the year, segment operating profit was up 12% and sales were up 10%. Excluding the Don Miguel sales, sales were up 1% for the year. Contributing to our sales growth in the quarter were our MegaMex Foods joint venture, our SPAM family of products, Hormel chili and Hormel bacon toppings. Strong sales of our SPAM family of products were propelled by our advertising campaign featuring Sir Can-A-Lot and the publicity around the 75th anniversary of this product. In our MegaMex Foods business, sales gains were led by Herdez sauces and foods, Wholly Guacamole refrigerated dips and Don Miguel frozen and refrigerated products. Sales of our Hormel Compleats microwave meals were somewhat soft in the quarter reflecting a shift in promotional timing. We remain confident that sales will resume growing in 2013 as we continue to rollout new products and support them with marketing efforts. Our Refrigerated Foods segment profit declined 12%, with sales down 3%. For the full year, operating profit in this segment was down 22% and sales increased 1%. Sales of our value-added products were not able to fully offset lower pork operating margins in the quarter. Spiking grain prices adversely impacted our costs for hogs sourced internally and those contracted under grain-based grow-out arrangements. Sales declined on flat volume due to lower commodity meat prices in the quarter. Nonetheless, our Meat Products group had some solid sales performers in their product portfolio, led by Hormel pepperoni and party trays and Hormel Cure 81 premium hams. We were also pleased to see sales growth of our Hormel refrigerated entrées in the quarter. Our Foodservice group enjoyed nice contributions from its value-added products, led by sales of Hormel Natural Choice deli meats, Hormel Always Tender prepared pork and premium bacon. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment completed a very strong year with a solid quarter. Both segment profit and sales were up 5% during the quarter. For the full year, segment profit was up 16% and sales increased 6%. Results of Jennie-O in Q4 were driven by continued growth in value-added sales and an improved product mix. These more than made up for higher feed costs and lower commodity meat prices during the quarter. Sales increased for Jennie-O in both retail and Foodservice value-added products, led by Jennie-O Turkey Store retail tray pack, turkey bacon and turkey burgers. Our third Make The Switch advertising campaign focused on our new turkey bacon and breakfast sausage. Our Specialty Foods segment had another solid quarter, with a segment profit increase of 8% and a sales increase of 7%. Higher sales of canned meats, sauces and broths were the primary drivers of the positive results during the quarter. Full year results for Specialty Foods showed operating profit up 8% on 11% higher sales, with improved year-over-year results for 3 consecutive quarters. Our International or All Other segment capped off an excellent year by posting another good quarter, with segment profit up 24% and sales up 1%. Strong export sales to Canada and lower costs for our SPAM family of products drove the positive results. Our China operations also continued to improve. For the full year, operating profit was up 38% and sales were up 7% for our international team. Moving into fiscal 2013, we intend to again grow both sales and earnings. We expect our Refrigerated Foods, Grocery Products, Specialty Foods and International segments to contribute to the earnings growth. We expect our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment to register an earnings decline due to higher grain costs and tougher comparisons. Headwinds to our outlook for 2013 include higher grain costs and volatile protein costs and processing margins. We plan on reducing our harvest levels in both our Jennie-O Turkey Store and Refrigerated Food segments by 1% to 2% in order to mitigate our exposure to these higher commodity costs. We will also continue to take strategic and modest price increases where we need them. On the positive side, we continue to enjoy solid top line momentum, with a significant number of our important value-added franchises. For example, the continued strong sales growth of our Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray pack, turkey burgers and now turkey bacon should continue in 2013, fueled by our Make The Switch ad campaign and the trend toward eating more nutritious products. Our Mexican food portfolio has begun to leverage its scale and our full range of product offerings in this fast-growing category. Our SPAM family of products has great momentum in both the U.S. and abroad. We look for continued strong contributions from Hormel pepperoni and Hormel party trays as snacking occasions continue to be a big part of the consumer eating landscape. Hormel Compleats microwave meals should benefit from new products and refreshed advertising. These are just a few of the growth platforms that we believe will contribute to our success in 2013. We believe our balanced model will continue to smooth out volatility in our earnings stream as evidenced by our track record of increased earnings in 27 of the last 30 years. We feel our innovation and strong brands in niche categories put us in a position to deliver strong results for years to come. After taking into account all of these significant factors, we have established our fiscal 2013 earnings guidance range at $1.90 to $2 per share. On previous calls, I said I would provide some added color with respect to operating margins in our Jennie-O Turkey Store and Grocery Products segments. For Jennie-O, we believe that a range of 11% to 15% can now be considered a normal range. For Grocery Products, given that we are including an increased level of sales by our MegaMex joint venture and recognizing only half of the profits, we believe that a range of 14% to 16% is now reasonable. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2012.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 totaled $132.6 million or $0.49 per share compared to $117.3 million or $0.43 a share a year ago. Net earnings for the full year totaled $500.1 million or $1.86 per share compared to net earnings of $474.2 million or $1.74 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the fourth quarter totaled $2.2 billion compared to $2.1 billion last year, a 3% increase. For the full year, dollar sales were $8.2 billion, a 4% increase from last year. Volume for the fourth quarter was 1.3 billion pounds, up 2% from fiscal 2011. Year-to-date, volume was 4.8 billion pounds, flat to last year. As Jeff mentioned, a portion of our hog costs were directly impacted by rapidly escalating grain costs during the quarter. These include hogs sourced from our Arizona, Colorado and Wyoming sow operations and represent less than 20% of our total hog harvest. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were 7.4% of sales, even with last year. Year-to-date, selling, general and administrative expenses were 7.4% of sales compared to 7.8% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be between 7% and 7.5% of sales for next year. Interest and investment income was $1.7 million for the fourth quarter compared to a loss of $3.3 million last year. Year-to-date, interest and investment income was $6.5 million compared to a loss of $786,000 a year ago. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.2 million compared to $3.3 million last year. Year-to-date, interest expense was $12.9 million, down from $22.9 million last year due to lower debt levels and lower interest rates. We expect interest expense to be approximately $12 million to $14 million for 2013. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 33.1% versus 34.3% in fiscal 2011. The year-to-date effective tax rate was 33.4% compared to 33.3% last year. For fiscal 2013, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 33.5% and 34.5%. Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year were 262.9 million and 263.5 million shares, respectively. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year were 268.1 million and 268.9 million shares respectively. We repurchased 382,000 shares of common stock during the fourth quarter, spending $10.7 million. For the full year, we spent $61.4 million purchasing 2.1 million shares. We have 1.2 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. We announced an $0.08 per share increase to the annual dividend, making the new dividend $0.68. This represents a 13% increase on top of an 18% increase last year and marks the 47th consecutive year in which we have increased our dividend rate. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $30.9 million compared to $31.2 million last year. For the full year, depreciation and amortization was $119 million compared to $124 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $120 million in fiscal 2013. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, the same as last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $38 million compared to $41 million last year. For the full year, capital expenditures totaled $132 million compared with $97 million last year. For fiscal 2013, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $130 million to $140 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Farha Aslam.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: In Refrigerated Foods, I was surprised by your commentary in hogs. Could you just review kind of what percentage of hogs, I think, it's 11% you sourced internally? And just provide us some color on the grain contracts, in terms of how you source your hogs. I didn't understand that completely.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, let me take a stab at that one, Farha. This is Jody. We have less than 20% of our hogs that have some type of grain impact. Most of those are sourced from the sow operations that we have in Colorado, Wyoming and Arizona. A large portion of them go to our Farmer John operation and the balance of them go to the Midwest to be finished. And we take responsibility for the cost of finishing those hogs.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a question on cash. I mean, you have net cash on the balance sheet. Could you share with us kind of your priorities for that cash? How does the M&A environment look? Are you looking more domestically, internationally, and how that relates to share repurchase?
Jody H. Feragen: I'm becoming a broken record. We certainly do look for opportunities to invest either organically, and we've made some nice investments in capital projects within the company this year. And we also look for acquisitions that meet our strategic initiatives. And we continue to look at those. There's also returning to our shareholders. We increased our dividend this year on top of an increase over the last few years that have been pretty robust, and then we look for share repurchase.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with the Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: The guidance that you're laying out is a little bit less than your growth rate over your long term as well as last year. I was wondering if you could talk to the point of is there something that might be slowing down? Obviously, the grain costs, I get that. But is there something that's structural that may be slowing down your growth rate? Have you reached a certain size that maybe the growth rate historically may not be as applicable going forward? And can you just talk about that as a longer-term thought process?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure, Ken. It's a very fair question. No, we really don't think we've slowed down. We recognize that both the results we just completed in 2012 and the guidance range that we provided you for 2013 are below our long-term 10% bottom line growth algorithm. If you look at the 3 years prior to that, we were well into the teens. So there is a little bit of an ebb and flow going on. And to us really, a lot of it really does relate back to the grain and the input costs. We've -- our team's done a good job at mitigating a lot of those costs. They've taken pricing where they've had to, but it's been an environment where that's kind of been a nonstop effort for the last couple of years and will continue into 2013. The underlying health of the franchises, though, to me is very robust. And so I'm quite optimistic that our long-term goals remain very reachable, even at the current size we are as a company, having now reached $8 billion.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then can you talk about certain brands that have actually gained more momentum than you expected through the quarter? Are there certain things that -- certain brands that on the top line you're looking forward to having a little bit more greater penetration going forward?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. I don't know that there's -- they're necessarily surprises to what we expected, but we have a lot of brands that are really doing quite well and enjoyed very solid quarters. In many cases, these were double-digit increases. So on the Refrigerated Foods side, you have Hormel pepperoni and party trays. We have convenience bacon. We have our relaunch of our Cure 81 hams. We also enjoyed good sales growth of our entrées. On the Grocery side, SPAM had a great quarter, bacon bits. The Mexican portfolio is doing very well across the board, a 5% increase not counting Don Miguel, not counting the Wholly franchise, and those are both growing as well. Our Foodservice group is having good luck. They've had their most successful new product launch in their history with one of their new premium bacon items, and they continue to also grow within their ethnic items, such as Café H and their Natural Choice-based items. Jennie-O had solid double-digit growth in fresh tray pack and burgers and in bacon, the latter supported by their ad campaign. So we're really excited, and that's not counting International either which has delivered 2 terrific years in a row. We're growing the SPAM franchise and we're growing other pork-based items in various markets, particularly in Asia. So we're really -- from a top line standpoint, we're very excited about what's going on in the company.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tim Ramey with D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jeff, you laid out the normalized EBIT margin for Jennie-O Turkey Store at 11% to 13%. Did you -- if you said, I missed it, but did you say if you thought fiscal '13 would fall in the normalized range or be below the normalized range or...
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. The range I attempted to say was 11% to 15%.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Oh, 15%. I'm sorry, I misheard you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, that's okay. And then yes, we do expect Jennie-O to fall within that range. We do expect some reversion back more to the middle of the range. They had achieved at the very high end during fiscal 2012, but that -- we do think they will perform within that new range.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And I guess one of the things I continue to struggle with is if that business did a 6.2% margin in fiscal '08 and there have not been structural changes, at least in terms of acquisitions and so on in the intervening time, what is it about the business -- and it was, I guess, sometime in the last 10 years, there was a 3% margin in that business. What is it about that business or the change in that business that makes you comfortable with saying that the long-term margin range is 11% to 15%?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure, 2 main areas. So one on the cost side; the team has done a number of things to improve their overall sustainable cost position. We recognize that when you invest in a vertical system, I mean you're putting a lot of capital out there and that puts the burden on you to deliver that. But they've done a wonderful job, whether it's the hatchery levels, the feed mills, the farms, the basic processing facilities. That's one of the advantages of that acquisition that keeps playing out, although we recognize the acquisition itself was a number of years ago, but you continue to find benefits as time goes on. And so we do feel we've lowered our systemic kind of cost per pound, cost per employee. We did an Investor Day presentation a year ago. I know the head of operations showed the year-over-year kind of sale -- the employee count decline versus an increase in sales. So that's again something that we do believe is sustainable. And then on -- the key part has been on the value-added sales side. We made major investments in advertising, took a little bit of a gamble on that, in a category where no one else was advertising. And it's driven just big-time double-digit increases in key franchises that are margin accretive to the overall average of the company. And we now have just really nice outposts for those key products in retailers throughout the grocery store. And as I just mentioned, again, I mean, the most recent quarter, again they were all up double digits, a lot of those key franchises. So we think that momentum is sustainable as well. And so those are the 2 major components. And then we also talked about our production cut again this year; that's on top of our production cut the year before. We've been very disciplined about making sure that we're only creating meat that's going to support our value-added items. We're not looking to be a big player in the commodity meat side. So those are the key elements to the Jennie-O story right now.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess 2 questions. Did you give any guidance for the dollar amount of grain cost inflation that you expect for fiscal '13 in turkey? And then secondly, in Refrigerated Foods, how will you work through what is likely to be a more inflationary environment, especially in the back half, on pork-related meat products? The futures market indicates that hog prices are going to go up. Do you expect to have to raise prices on sliced meats and any other of the value-added items?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. On the first question, I mean, it's hard to get very precise about it. I can give you a ballpark of $50 million to $100 million. It obviously depends some on hedge positions and other things going on. But clearly, when you look at what the core grains have gone up post drought, I mean, it's certainly a significant amount of money. On your second question -- well, I mean, let me finish on the first question because it kind of ties in terms of pricing. So the Jennie-O team, since it's a vertically integrated operation, already has those costs coming at them. And so they've announced price increases on many of their portfolio items in Foodservice deli and retail already to the trade. In terms of the Hormel side of the equation, so more of the beef- and pork-based items, we're seeing the same thing you are, which is that there's certainly a possibility of cost increases in the second half of the year. They're not here yet, so we're not announcing current pricing actions on those items. But we're going to watch them closely. And so that may well be something that the team has to have as part of their reactions during the second half of the year. But we have been taking pricing in past years here and, by and large, with our #1, #2 position brands in most of our categories, we've been able to take them and sustain our share positions.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jeff, do you think your pricing decisions will depend more on the level of inflation or what your competition does, if they decide not to raise, maybe you'll hold off, or is it just kind of like a combination per category and depends on the situation?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, in most of our categories where we have the leading share, we often then view that comes with the mantle of having to push pricing to where it belongs in order to sustain the system in the long run to be able to support it with consumer advertising and the right promotions in store and so forth. There are some isolated categories where we're more the #2, or even in a couple of cases, the #3 player. In those cases, you may -- you probably do watch your competition a little bit more to see what they do in the category, but that would be the minority of the different franchises that I've cited thus far this morning.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about your comments that you made about the production levels. I think it's fairly clear in jobs what you're talking about. But I just -- I was unclear when you say 1% to 2% reduction in the pork business. Is that total slaughter or is that just in the amount of hogs you expect to raise, fiscal '13 versus fiscal '12?
Jody H. Feragen: Diane, that would have been in our total harvest numbers.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. And then I guess did you have any commentary about what you'd expect your grain cost to be year-on-year?
Jody H. Feragen: I mean Jeff threw out the $50 million to $100 million on the Jennie-O side of the business. It's obviously a lot less on the Refrigerated side.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then can you just -- any commentary on what you're seeing from Foodservice? Here, I'm really talking about just general industry trends. I know you tend to do better than the industry or better than some of your competitors, but can you just talk about what you're hearing from your customers about things like foot traffic, et cetera?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. The image I'm picturing is sputtering, but that's more negative than I want to really get across because it's not like it's not moving forward. But it's -- it does seem like every time the industry gets a couple of months where, boy, okay, they seem to have turned the corner and it's solidly doing well, either they get hit with a gas price increase or a food cost increase or some sort of change in consumer behavior. And so it's not just a steady robust environment out there. Overall, though, it's certainly better than the early part of the recession. I think the industry would say overall that they're seeing positive trends. And then we've had, as you mentioned, better results than that with our strategy of providing value-added items with an emphasis on the noncommercial segment, as well as the commercial.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Do you think that, that will improve in 2013? Here I'm just talking calendar because it just seems like we have so much -- we kind of came off the election thinking, okay, now that's done, and we can kind of move on. But it just seems like sentiment hasn't really picked up because of all of the issues with regard to the fiscal cliff and the Middle East and Europe and et cetera.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, we're expecting a solid year out of our Foodservice group, and they feel they have enough good initiatives going on with their key partners that they should see that kind of growth and be able to help drive that kind of growth for many of the operators. In the aggregate, I think it does seem like kind of modest optimism is the word of the day.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question, just a follow-up on Diane's. Have you seen -- you play both in the perimeter of the store and the center of the store. Have you seen any shift from the consumer back into the center of the store? There was a large publicly traded company that said they saw that recently. So I'm wondering if any movement that you're seeing back into the center of the store at all.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I would say our numbers definitely support that. I mean we saw sluggishness with some of our center of the store grocery categories for Q1 and into Q2 a little bit. But as we finished the year off, a lot more of them are on the upswing right now. So yes, I would agree with that.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And why -- what do you think is driving that, just to get a sense of how sustainable that could be?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean we talked on the prior calls about why it was down before and people had different theories. We think with some of the price increases, that made it more difficult to hit some of the promoted prices that in the past had driven sort of the 10 for 10s or some of the hotter deals. For our business, especially when you look at franchises like chili and stew back in the winter months, we do feel the more benign winter that occurred in 2012 versus quite a cold winter in 2011 played into those comps. And so as we move through the year, that became a nonfactor. I don't know, that could be helping the comps as well.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I can just on Jennie-O Turkey, I mean truly impressive what you're guiding to in light of what's happened with the commodity, meaning grains. So my guess is a lot of it had to do with the mix improvement value-added and the type of margins that you're getting on that product. So first, can you just give us an update on where you are, percentage of value-added versus other? And second, as it relates to Refrigerated Foods, I mean why isn't a move like that possible on Refrigerated Foods, like why can't you margin up that business? I know it's probably a pretty complicated answer, but I'm just trying to get your thoughts on that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. First, in terms of the Jennie-O and the percent, the percent itself of what we count as value-added hasn't changed dramatically. We've been on a dollar sales basis in that kind of mid to high 70% range for a time. But we always talk about the value ladder and the different steps. And we clearly have moved up a lot of the franchise into higher-level products. So we're in fewer categories and are relying less on the categories where there's 7 or 8 different competitors and the products are relatively non-differentiated. And instead, we're pushing it into innovative items, items where our brand really plays a major role. And so that has been the bigger upgrade at Jennie-O. In terms of Refrigerated, I think the general theme of your question I would agree with. I mean, it clearly is a work in process in that regard. Their operating margins are more on the 5% to 7% range today. They have -- in the basic pork business, although there's a lot of the commodity elements that pull that down somewhat, some of the more market-based products such as fresh pork or raw bacon are also not huge margin contributors. But we do believe that team over time, as they continue to develop and move themselves up that value ladder in the Foodservice and meat products area ought to be able to migrate those margins upward. And we think that's one of the stronger opportunities long term for the company.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask you about innovation and are you changing where you focus that? Will it be across the portfolio and then also, as innovation relates to the Compleats line of business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. Well, really all of our teams kind of understand the company mission of seeking to grow 5% top line, 10% bottom line. And, clearly, innovation is one of the sources that they're all going to be utilizing to achieve that growth. They've each had wonderful successes that led to our achievement of the $2 billion challenge. We have platforms in various segments now that are $50 million to $100 million, in some cases larger than that, that weren't in existence in the year 2000 that are now really strong key figures for us. Natural Choice, party trays, the refrigerated entrées, our Di Lusso Deli Company product lines, on the Grocery side, the newer Compleats items, Jennie-O's newer versions of burgers and ground tray pack products, so -- and then the International teams had some as well. So it's going to be a key driver for us going forward. In terms of Compleats specifically, absolutely, we rolled out at Investor Day about 1.5 years ago the new color scheme and the fact that we're going to have marked [ph] Cafe Creations blue line of Compleats and a relaunch of the green line, the more health-oriented items within the line. This fall has now seen the introduction of what we're calling our cheesy pasta type items. So mac and cheese and then other items that utilize the new technology that we put in place in our Dubuque, Iowa plant to really upgrade the quality of those items. They will be a feature of our advertising campaign in 2013 for the Hormel Compleats brand. And so that we're -- and our early read on the sales results is quite strong. So definitely innovation is going to play a role for Compleats and that microwave meal segment as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to follow-up a little bit on your discussion at Jennie-O, Jeff. I mean, I get everything that Hormel has done to improve internally the margin structure of Jennie-O, both in terms of product mix and discipline around volume, and that's been great. I guess what I'm surprised at and surprised positively at is the level of discipline the rest of the industry has exercised in the face of the stimulus of having enormous profits in this business by historical standards. Do you get the sense others in the industry have adopted your strategy, discipline towards -- and there's just a lot less commodity product out there? And, I mean, what explains that there hasn't been -- what are you seeing on the competitive landscape pricing-wise that sort of gives you confidence that the 11% to 15% can stick?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. Oh gosh, on industry discipline, I mean everybody makes their own decisions. We, obviously, announced our decision here again today in terms of making sure we keep our production levels tight. We know of at least one expansion going on in the industry that's been announced in terms of a new plant complex going up in the Indiana area that's going to be late '13, early '14. But otherwise, we haven't seen a lot of expansion which probably makes sense given the drought and the grain pressures that a lot of the entities are under. In terms of being able to lead in price, I mean, we do think having the leading brand, the one that's supported in the marketplace and that consumers have a significant demand for, does provide us with an ability to take that leadership position in that area. We're looking forward to the year where we don't have to deal with a $1 or $2 bushel grain increase and that the team can just run with the wonderful portfolio they have. But we'll play the cards that are dealt this year. They'll deal with the cost increases that are coming. But they really do have excellent momentum in terms of covering down their other costs and in terms of their value-added franchises.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Eric Larson with CL King.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Jeff, just a follow-up question on how we should kind of look at your overall corporate volume growth. You've got the dynamics in turkey where you've got -- you're holding capacity tight but you've got a very positive mix in value-add. And each one of your divisions has the various different components of that. How should we look at what your overall volume growth for the company is going to look? And what should that average over time? I mean, sometimes if you don't have any volume growth, it doesn't necessarily mean you have a -- it's bad. It's just that your mix has changed so much. So how should we look at volume growth for Hormel on average over time?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: That's a fair question, Eric. We'll probably not see it this year with -- based on the production cuts and having less commodity meat to sell in both the Refrigerated and Jennie-O side. But I would think over time, looking at a 2% to 3% in terms of volumes would be the right mix to get us to the 5% ultimately in sales, with the rest coming mostly from mix enhancement as we roll out more value-added items. It further can be a little bit of a hard read in this environment where there are certain cases with value-added items where we've chosen, in lieu of a pricing action, to change packaging size. And so that holds your volume down, but ultimately, is the right thing to do with that franchise. But I cited a number of the brand-by-brand examples to one of the earlier questions. And in those cases, all those items I was citing, had very solid volume number increases, in addition to net sales increases. So it's not just the price increases that we're registering in terms of the unit growth.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And when you look at your various divisions, which ones would you characterize would have the potential for better volume growth overall relative to the corporate average?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Grocery Products clearly, and especially in the shorter run here with the advent of MegaMex and we're bringing on -- Don Miguel effect hit part of 2012, but will also have a lapping effect here in 2013 where the first half of the year will, once again, have new sales that don't have a comparison. But beyond that, I mean, between the Mexican franchise and the Compleats franchise, we really have a lot of optimism for Grocery Products. Our International division ended up the year kind of slow on the reflected sales standpoint, but their underlying franchises are quite strong. And so I'm optimistic that they're going to be delivering growth that's above our 5% levels as well on the top line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it appears there are no further questions, sir, so please continue.
Kevin C. Jones: Okay. I'd like to thank everybody for joining in on this conference call, and we wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving. Is Tim Ramey still on the line? Does he have a wine recommendation? If not, I'm sure that one of his Pinot Noirs would pair very well with a nice Thanksgiving dinner. Thank you all. Bye-bye.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Hormel Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-08-23 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin C. Jones - Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Mark E. Williams - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Alan Brochstein
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, August 23, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Jones. Please go ahead.
Kevin C. Jones: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal 2012. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter, then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks. [Operator Instructions] An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, August 23, 2012. The dial-in number is (800) 406-7325 and the access code is 4556709. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors on Pages 30 to 36 in the company's 10-Q for the quarter ended April 29, 2012, which was filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report record earnings and sales for the third quarter. Earnings for the quarter were $0.41 per share, up 14% from earnings of $0.36 a share a year ago. All 5 segments registered gains in segment profit. Total dollar sales topped $2 billion, an increase of 5% over a year ago on solid volume growth of 4%. I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products team delivered an operating profit increase of 32% and a dollar sales increase of 21% for the third quarter. You may recall that we began including Don Miguel sales in our Grocery Product segment results this past quarter. Sales for Grocery Products grew 3% excluding Don Miguel in the quarter. Among the contributors to sales growth in this segment were our SPAM family of products, Hormel Compleats microwave meals and our MegaMex portfolio. For the SPAM family of products, our advertising campaign featuring Sir Can-A-Lot and the publicity around the 75th anniversary has contributed to the nice sales increase. We were pleased to see growth by our Hormel Compleats microwave meals in Q3. We are in the process of introducing additional new Compleats meals that feature cheesy pasta. We also introduced some other new microwavable items in the quarter, including SPAM meals and Hormel sandwich makers. These new items have performed well in limited markets so far. Sales of our Mexican food products continue to grow, led by Wholly Guacamole Dip and by salsas and tortillas under both the Herdez and CHI-CHI'S brands. Segment operating profit for our Refrigerated Foods group increased by 7%, with higher sales of our value-added products were able to offset lower pork operating margins. Sales were flat overall, but value-added sales continued to grow. On the retail side, we enjoyed strong sales of Hormel Natural Choice Deli Meats, Hormel party trays, Hormel bacon and Hormel Pepperoni. Foodservice sales were also higher, led by sales of branded products such as Hormel Natural Choice Deli Meats, Hormel premium hams and premium bacon. The Jennie-O Turkey Store segment had another solid quarter, with segment operating profit up 12% and sales up 7%. Continued growth in sales of value-added products and an improved product mix more than offset higher grain prices and lower commodity meat prices during Q3. Sales of our Jennie-O Turkey Store retail tray pack fresh turkey and our turkey burgers are still on the rise. We will be building up on last year's highly successful Make The Switch advertising campaign with a new TV commercial this fall, this time featuring turkey bacon and sausage. Stronger sales of whole birds also aided results this quarter for Jennie-O. Our Specialty Foods segment had a very good quarter, achieving 18% growth in operating profit on a net sales increase of 11%. Segment profit gains were driven by higher sales of nutritional products, private label canned meats and ingredients. Our All Other international segment delivered another strong quarter, with segment operating profit up 55% while sales increased 2%. Higher exports of our SPAM family of products and fresh pork were the primary drivers for this segment. Moving into the fourth quarter, we do anticipate seasonally lower hog costs as we get into fall. Pork operating margins have thankfully returned to positive territory lately, and we expect these margins to remain positive though lower than a year ago during the fourth quarter. Jennie-O Turkey Store's Q4 margins will be impacted as we cycle in higher grain costs. Our team at Jennie-O will continue to push for value-added sales growth and efficiency improvements in order to mitigate the impact of grain inflation. We also expect strong contributions to our earnings growth from our Grocery Products and International teams based on their solid momentum from the third quarter. Taking all of these significant factors into account, we are maintaining our fiscal 2012 guidance range of $1.79 to $1.89 per share. The strength of our balanced business model and the vibrancy of our branded value-added portfolio should support continued sales and earnings growth as we close out fiscal 2012. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the third quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. For the third quarter of 2012, net earnings totaled $111.2 million or $0.41 per share compared to $98.5 million or $0.36 per share a year ago. Net earnings for the 9 months of fiscal 2012 totaled $367.4 million or $1.37 per share compared to net earnings of $356.9 million or $1.31 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the third quarter totaled $2 billion compared to $1.9 billion last year, a 5% increase. For the 9 months of fiscal 2012, dollar sales were up 5% to $6.1 billion. Volume for the third quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, a 4% increase over fiscal 2011. Year-to-date, volume was 3.6 billion pounds even with last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were 7.2% of sales compared to 8.2% last year. Year-to-date, selling, general and administrative expenses were 7.4% compared to 8% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be approximately 7.5% of sales for the full year. Interest and investment income was $844,000 for the third quarter compared to $139,000 last year. Year-to-date, interest and investment income was $4.8 million compared to $2.6 million a year ago. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.2 million compared to $5.6 million last year due to lower debt levels and lower interest rate. Year-to-date, interest expense was $9.7 million compared to $19.4 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2012. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 33.7% versus 29.3% in fiscal 2011. Last year's tax rate for the third quarter was favorably impacted by the resolution of tax matters with various federal and state tax jurisdictions. Year-to-date, our effective tax rate was 33.5% compared to 33% last year. For fiscal 2012, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 33.5% and 34.5%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 263 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 269 million shares. We repurchased 302,000 shares of common stock during the third quarter, spending $8.6 million. We have 1.6 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $28.9 million, down from $30.6 million last year. For the 9 months, depreciation and amortization was $88.6 million compared to $92.9 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $115 million for fiscal 2012. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, unchanged from last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $36 million compared to $20 million last year. For the 9 months, capital expenditures totaled $94 million compared to $63 million last year. For fiscal 2012, we expect capital expenditures to be $120 million to $130 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Ian?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question is from the line of Farha Aslam.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I'd like to focus my questions really on Jennie-O. But the segment continues to perform very, very well particularly, I mean, your price mix this quarter was very strong despite the fact that commodity turkey prices have been quite weak. Do you anticipate turkey for that division to continue to have positive price mix going forward given the weakness that you've seen in commodity turkey?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well at this stage, I mean, we're just going to talk through the end of this fiscal year. Clearly, we were very pleased with Jennie-O's quarter in the third quarter. Not the huge gains year-over-year that we saw in Q1 and Q2, but to be expected given both the pressures on the grain side and the pressures on the commodity meat side. They do have excellent momentum in terms of their value-added products, and we expect Q4 to be more similar to Q3 in terms of their operating results.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I know you don't want to talk specifically about next year, but we have to address the current grain situation. Kind of how do you think that is going to affect that division going forward? Could you share with us a little bit about your grain positions and do you anticipate feeding wheat to your turkeys, and is that possible?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I can't get into the latter question. In terms of what the outlook is, clearly, that will be part of the planning process for next year. I mean, it is important to know in terms of the aggregate and looking at grain cost for the Jennie-O organization that you have -- there's an effective hedge positions. There's an effect in terms of the time to market for the turkeys, which, for the Tom turkeys is 22 weeks, so there will be some lag effect in terms of the price increases that you've been seeing in the -- cost increases you've been seeing in the marketplace. But no, clearly, that will be one of the major goals of that unit will be to do the best they can to balance off these significant cost increases on the grain side with the momentum they've been showing in value-added products and with the efficiency gains they've been able to generate in their business.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And then my final question would be regarding your cash position. It -- I mean, you have net cash on the balance sheet. Do you think you're going to focus on M&A? Are you focusing on working capital? Would you increase your dividend? Can you just share with us your priorities of cash?
Jody H. Feragen: Farha, this is Jody. I certainly will. Obviously, first is to invest in our business, and we've done a lot more of that through internal investment with our CapEx spending this year. A portion of that was related to some general replacement, but we've also invested in some capacity expansions, as well as technologies that are driving new product introductions. We continue to focus on finding strategic M&A deals that would fit with us from both a strategic standpoint as well as being accretive, and those would be both domestic and international. And then certainly, we have our continued obligations to our shareholders with our dividends as well as share repurchase. So all those factor into our cash position. We have invested in some working capital, and I would expect that to decrease as we go forward.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you're making no changes in your cash allocation, given the rise in grain prices?
Jody H. Feragen: We'll probably -- just the nature of Jennie-O is, they’re holding higher grain prices that will be reflective of their inventories. We like to focus on making sure we have the appropriate quantity of inventories.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Diane Geissler.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I guess inquiring minds want to know why you kept the range so wide for the full year at $1.79, $1.89. Your commentary on the fourth quarter suggests you expect the fourth quarter to be up year-on-year, but the bottom end of the range, which is something around $0.42 versus last year's $0.43. So I guess I'm a little conflicted about what you're trying to say about the fourth quarter and why there's still such a wide range, a $0.10 range given that you only have one quarter left.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: True. I guess our philosophy on that, Diane, was we really have been trying to operate on an annualized basis. We moved away from giving quarterly guidance about 3 or 4 years ago. And as reflected in both the release and in my comments at the beginning of the call, we do think we're tracking well towards that annual operating plan. Our team is aligned against that plan. Our incentive programs are based on the achievement of the results within that annual plan. And so at this point, we just felt that, that was the number that was important to focus on both for external audiences and the internal audiences to what we're trying to deliver. And there certainly are opportunities depending on what happens during the quarter to be on the lower or upper end of that range, but we felt it’s still a comfortable area to have out there.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. I appreciate the clarification there. And then, on the Grocery Products, you're sort of one of the few kind of packaged food companies that's actually showing some volume lift. So congratulations on that, x the Don Miguel. Can you just talk about -- it sounds like Compleats was doing well, I mean, that's kind of a higher-end product. SPAM seems like more of a value-oriented product. Can you talk about what you're seeing with the consumer base, what retailers are saying about the state of the consumer?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. I mean, for our items, we're really -- we were very pleased with the breadth of the success of the Grocery Products results during Q3. SPAM would probably traditionally be looked at as more of a value item, with some of the excitement we've been able to build around that brand, both in-store and with our advertising and public relations effort. We're very pleased with the sales growth there. We've been working hard to restore growth to Compleats, and so that was -- it was very encouraging to see the upward trend in that market. And then very good results from the Mexican portfolio. I mean, the portfolio -- so forgetting Don Miguel for the moment, even the core items that had been part of MegaMex prior to that were up for the quarter, and so that's exhibiting good center of the store performance. And then Don Miguel and Wholly Guacamole are actually sold in different sections of the store, albeit still part of the Mexican portfolio, and Wholly Guacamole in particular had a very strong quarter. So it's -- so we're -- we have a lot of items that are connecting well consumers overall. I would agree that in talking with retailers, that's not the universal picture, that there are certain categories that they're still experiencing some difficulty in terms of volume comparisons. But we focus on the categories we're in and trying to partner with them to figure out ways to keep connecting more with consumers with those.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. So despite continued weakness with consumers, you don't see any reason to sort of back off your long-term sales growth target of 5%?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Certainly for -- I mean, again kind of going into the next quarter, we think the momentum Grocery Products has should continue into Q4, and then we'll kind of give whatever clarification we see out there as we provide 2013 guidance at the November call.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on turkey. I know you don't want to talk too much specifically about '13, but can you just help us frame fiscal '13 in the context of perhaps fiscal '08 when I guess there’s some parallels being drawn there because of the increase in grain costs. But I would just like to get your perspective generally for the turkey industry and your business going into '13 relative to, let's say, '08.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess the best I can give you on that, Akshay, is we do believe there are significant changes in our own operating philosophy and performance between 2008 and what we expect to have in 2013. We've been able to grow the brand significantly through the advertising campaign. One of the hallmark franchises that is supported by that campaign and has leading position in the marketplace would be our Fresh Product line. Because of the strength of that, we've added on a new line in our Pelican Rapids facility, that's one of the capital investments that Jody was referencing in her earlier comments. And so clearly, we wouldn't have added that line if we didn't think we have significant new business to be able to support that line. On top of that, the team has just done a very good job all across-the-board in terms of driving efficiency gains, whether it's at the farm level, bringing the product into the plant or in through the supply chain. So we'll provide you with what we see is our best picture for that segment and for the total business when we do get to the November call, but I do expect that, that will be a -- it's still going to be a significant jump up from 2008 levels.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one on the consumer in general. I thought it was interesting that you're Compleats business did well this quarter. I don't remember it being on the positive side as much as it was this quarter for a while. Is there -- I mean, do you and your business and your product segments see a bifurcation in sort of the consumer where your SPAM business is doing well, but now it looks like Compleats is starting to do well again. I mean what are you really seeing from a consumer standpoint in terms of demand?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Oh, I mean it's been interesting really ever since the recession began to see the consumer dynamic against the franchise. It doesn't -- at least for our portfolio, it doesn't split neatly into value consumers versus more affluent consumers because we've seen great strength of items that you might consider value items, such as SPAM or initially Hormel chili. But we also have had excellent results from our party trays and Natural Choice items, which are probably aimed at a little bit more premium consumer. Compleats is kind of in the middle in that regard. It's not -- I don't know if it's regarded as an ultra value item nor as a premium item. What we have found is the packaged meal kind of sub-segment has been a little bit more of a struggle since the recession began. We've seen that both in Hormel Compleats and in our Hormel Refrigerated Entrees. So the effort then becomes, okay, how do you gain more households and how do you connect more with those items? And so it's a -- for Compleats, it's been a multifaceted approach of new advertising, new package designs, kind of segmenting the line into the red, blue and green varieties, new flavor varieties that some that are already in the market and the others that we're coming out with, such as our new cheesy pasta items. So it's -- the mission is just to keep growing that franchise, and we really don't see any reason why that can't happen. I mean, it still has very low household penetration. It's a convenience item in a convenience world. With our balanced model of being able to deliver both protein and packaged food, we're the ones delivering the simple, one-step product that has the protein component and other components in it. And so we're still very high on the line in the long run, and we're very pleased with the Q3 results.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Feeney.
Mark E. Williams - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: This is Mark Williams Michael on for Jon. I wanted to ask about your -- I was surprised by the management of profit expansion in Grocery. Can you just talk about the drivers there and what drove that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We've -- the Grocery portfolio, if you look at it over the last 3, 4 years has had a swing, a couple of hundred basis points over a longer haul off and on; based somewhat on inputs and somewhat on mix. They've had some fairly significant stresses on the input side in prior quarters, and those improved during the most recent quarter. And then over time, we have seen the solid growth of some of the key items that's been helping a lot as well. SPAM is a great item for us, as well as the Mexican portfolio.
Mark E. Williams - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And would you -- could you please provide just your outlook on the turkey supply and pricing dynamics and what you see going forward?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Well, it's probably somewhat in flux. When we last talked, grain was at a quite different level than when we're talking 3 months later. And so I would imagine the other participants within the industry are probably looking at that and making decisions as to what they think they're appropriate production levels are. They're clearly -- there have been a couple of expansions in the industry that are probably going to go forward. I mean, they were already in the midst of building plants and adding onto farms. But beyond that, I would assume every business has to kind of assess, okay, what's your profitability picture with this kind of a grain environment. At Jennie-O Turkey Store, we’ve tried to keep supplies tight. It really fits well with our emphasis on the value-added branded items. And in terms of that outlook, I mean we would anticipate -- we'll continue to maintain that kind of tightness. We need enough meat to support the growth of the value-added items, but we're not looking to have a lot of surplus meat to sell on the commodity market.
Mark E. Williams - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Great. And my last question pertains to the pork cutout margin. As you noted, that has expanded some in recent weeks. Do you see that as a temporary phenomenon driven by maybe some farmer that can afford the cost of feed that are sending their hogs to slaughter or do you see that as a more durable driver?
Jody H. Feragen: This is Jody. I'll try to handle that one. Yes, thankfully, they have turned to be positive from quite negative averages over the previous quarters. Hog supply seasonally is stronger in the fall, just kind of the nature of that industry. So we would expect that to continue into the fourth quarter. And we would expect the spread between the hog cost and the USDA cutout to be positive, probably not as positive as it was in the fourth quarter of 2011.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Tim Ramey.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jody, the -- I don't know, did you say how -- what your hedge position looks like now relative to either corn or hogs?
Jody H. Feragen: I think -- we hedged our grain input for Jennie-O, and as we indicated on the call last quarter where our range is typically the 25% to 75%. And for fiscal 2012, we're planning in the middle, if you will.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. Are you experiencing -- I mean, certainly the Minnesota farmers are experiencing a better crop than on average. How is that impacting you? Is that helping basis or how do you think about that?
Jody H. Feragen: I -- we have seen some tightening of the basis, so I don't know that it's been as big a benefit as maybe in prior years. But you're right, the crops up here do appear better than the ones that have been noted in the southern part of the states.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: They're also not in yet, and so often basis can really swing more on true delivery and what kind of spread there is. The other wild card to basis this year is going to be traffic on the Mississippi River and if there's some constriction there in terms of ability to ship, that could make a difference as well.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Christine McCracken.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: I know you don't want to talk about the forward outlook, but I'm just wondering with the increases that we're seeing in grains and then presumably, in the proteins, I'm wondering if you're having conversations with your customers relative to pricing. How far in advance do you have those discussions especially as you look at annual contracting and expectations for '13?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, to the extent we engage in annual contracting, which would be limited more to certain areas of the Foodservice business, then yes, we're clearly reflecting our best expectation of what markets are going to be both for the protein and for the input. That's not a huge percentage of our overall business, though. In terms of retail pricing, absent the market-based items, whole turkeys and bacon and fresh pork, we really don't have any current announcements to make in terms of pricing. But clearly, that will be one of the team's overall assessments that we have to make as we complete our planning process here is what do we see as the likely cost input level for different commodities and for different products, and what are we going to do to either mitigate those or in terms of pricing reflect those in the area of pricing.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Are you getting the sense that -- how quickly could you adjust? Is it kind of 30, 60 days kind of pricing adjustment or is it longer? I'm just wondering when we look back at when we’ve seen this kind of cost sensation in the past, it's always been about the past year of pricing, resistance to pricing and how quickly we can get it through. I'm just wondering if you get in front of it this time.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. I mean, on a -- from a retail standpoint, 60 days is probably not a bad rule of thumb in terms of the kind of notice and making sure you honor your features and so forth. But you have to have -- again, absent those market items that move on a more aggressive basis. There's a lot of things to weigh in terms of timing. One example you probably -- that's been talked about in the marketplace has been a little level -- some level of liquidation on the beef side. So I mean, in the short run, the cost inputs on beef may not be up at all. And so that we wouldn't obviously be then walking in and looking for price increases related to those items until it was needed to be reflecting the cost. But that's all part of what we'll need to weigh when we establish our plan.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: All right. And just one more technical question. Receivables were up in the quarter. Anything specific behind that, Jody, or...
Jody H. Feragen: No, I wouldn't say there was anything specific behind that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Zaslow.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So just going over Refrigerated Foods a little bit, your profitability was a little bit higher than we expected and despite the whole wheat, fresh pork margins. But it sounds like it was driven by the value-added side of it. So if the improvement in fresh pork is going to be a little bit more sustainable, and assuming that your value-added portfolio is not going to decrease, it's going to continue going the same -- in the right direction, why wouldn't your refrigerated profitability in the fourth quarter, at least the margin structure, continue on this path given that you have this similar tailwind on the improvement in the fresh pork and assuming that's -- the value-added stays the same?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: There's some logic to that. The comp of the pork cutout from last year was really quite favorable in Q4, and although it's improved this -- from negative, it's still a lot lower than what last year was. But I would agree on the momentum side in terms of the value-added products. We were very pleased with a wide array of the retail items being up for the quarter and having really good years. So overall, that is the game plan for Refrigerated Foods is to drive growth through their Foodservice and Meat Product segments and to then respond as well as they can to what happens in the cutout arena.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But even in the third quarter, the profitability was higher year-over-year but the fresh pork was obviously much lower year-over-year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: That's correct.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But is there something more going -- I mean, it seems like there's something maybe going on a little bit more structurally, is that a fair point, that maybe we shouldn't be looking to fresh pork margins as much anymore? It just seems like it was the fresh pork margin for the quarter for -- to say this bluntly as possible is dismal at best. So I'm just trying to figure out, you guys did not have that impact on your earnings, and just trying to figure out why is it more sustainable than we should kind of think of it more like what has happened on the turkey side since '08 as well.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, this hasn't been from our doing, but what does seem to have changed structurally is that we're even having to talk about cutout margins. Because I mean it used to be they were just kind of a fairly benign, you didn't expect to make much money in that part of the business, but that was part of the assets you had to invest in order to control your own supply. They've been very volatile over the -- not just this year, over the last several years. So on any given quarter, I may have to ask Kevin to do a little follow-up with you on that. But a lot of it can be well what are the comps -- the first 2 quarters of the comps were just breathtaking. I mean they were extremely positive the year before and then swung to extremely negative this year. We've had good value-added results all year long. I think those were shrouded by that huge swing in the first half and then they were able to kind of emerge and, at least, deliver some growth in Q3. And we're hoping to see somewhere along those same lines in Q4.
Jody H. Feragen: And I guess to follow up to Jeff's comment, fourth quarter of 2011, I think the pork P&L margin was close to $8, and we're not certainly seeing those today. So we've got more difficult comps than last year.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You will have the same comp comparison though in third quarter now, relative comp comparison. I'll take it offline. It just seems like it was a much better result and it seems like there's something underlying it. I'll take it off-line, no problem.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ann Gurkin.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I thought you could help me understand something. I guess, what is the potential or likelihood that you could get in your term tailwind from lower pork input prices? I mean, I guess have you locked those prices or is there opportunity to take advantage if there are a number of hogs brought to market and if we see these prices decline near term, what is the possibility of that positively helping you all?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We haven't historically taken a lot of positions on the pork side in contrast to what Jody explained on the cost side for grain inputs for Jennie-O. It certainly -- that's one of a number of things the team can assess over time as to whether they think we ought to treat that differently given certain market dynamics. But it's -- we don't have anything to announce in that regard right now.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: But could you potentially have a tailwind here in the near term?
Jody H. Feragen: Input costs are lower traditionally, that helps some of our value-added franchises. But there's a lot of moving parts that go along with it.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then in terms of Foodservice, any change to how you approach that business over the next 12 months?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: No. I mean, we really like our strategy in regard to Foodservice. With the core Hormel Foodservice unit, it's all about their branded items and finding solutions for operators. They continue to do a great job of connecting with both the commercial and noncommercial segments with those items. And then our -- we also have strong Foodservice components within both Specialty, Jennie-O and international. And those were experiencing reasonable results as well.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Mark Warner.
Unknown Shareholder: This is a bit of an odd question, but with the lack of demand perhaps for Europe for pork products or beef products, you all have an alternate source for the pork especially from maybe South America or somewhere else where it would be cost efficient for you all to use that in your processing versus growing your own swine, turkey, et cetera?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Really -- I mean, I can't really talk to what the industry would think of that. I can just tell you though that that's not our model, both for Jennie-O and for the Hormel operation. They're domestic-based operations that we have either ownership positions or long-term contracts in place to provide our plants with the domestic source, and that's how we intend to continue to run the business.
Kevin C. Jones: Mark, this is Kevin Jones. Could I bother you to tell us who you're with?
Unknown Shareholder: I'm just an individual investor, but I just know enough about farming even though I'm not a farmer to know that if this situation continues here -- I'm actually in the horse business, and I know the cost of feed price is going up. So my concern as a stockholder is, long term, if you all are looking to maybe expand that model and try to get proteins from elsewhere because I've seen what's happened to feed prices feeding horses.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alan Brochstein.
Alan Brochstein: I just -- Jody, it seems like every quarter you get the same question and give the same answer on capital. The only difference is it just -- your cash balance is getting bigger and bigger. And I was wondering on that front, you talk about the potential for acquisitions? Are there -- have you had any serious discussions, is that something that we can expect in the next 3 to 6 months?
Kevin C. Jones: Alan, can I just interject? Could you please help me know where -- I missed your last name.
Alan Brochstein: I'm sorry, it's Alan Brochstein, Kevin. I've visited you 2 years ago. I'm with AB Analytical. Sorry about that. Did you hear the question, Jody?
Jody H. Feragen: Oh, yes, I did. And I really can't comment about any acquisition at this point in time.
Alan Brochstein: So given that, that remains a long-term strategy but it seems like for the last few years, your acquisitions really haven't used that much capital, what is your thought about a one-time dividend to shareholders given how high your cash balances have gotten?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I wouldn't disagree with your comment about not using a lot of capital. But we have had some very beneficial acquisitions over the past 2 years. Just tonight, in fact, we're going to be celebrating the retirement of Bill Burke. We bought the Burke operation 5 years ago. That's been an outstanding addition to our Refrigerated Foods portfolio. We've created our MegaMex venture and made 2 other acquisitions there, the Don Miguel and Wholly Guacamole lines. We added Country Crock to our portfolio of Refrigerated items, and those have all been really great additions. And we -- we're always active in looking in multiple areas for potential things that could fit the growth model of Hormel Foods. But acquisitions, at least from our experience, by their nature, they don't just kind of come when you want them. They can tend to come in spurts, you put a lot of feelers out there and up to whether there's a meeting of the minds as to timing and price and a lot of things. So we intend to continue to pursue various ways to grow our business. The acquisitions is one of them, new product innovation is another and we continue to have success there. We do have to spend money to add onto our plants and buy new technology to support growth as well, as I mentioned at our Jennie-O facility. So I think we've mentioned on past calls, I mean, if at some point we're sitting and our cash position is mounting to $1 billion and we're -- and it's just not going anywhere, then maybe we'll have to make a different assessment as to how we've handled our cash management practices. But we're not ready to push that button at this time.
Alan Brochstein: All right, well, maybe I can ask one more final question, and maybe it's too technical, but you guys have a modifier on your short-term bonuses that -- by the way, I think you guys have an exceptional compensation plan as an aside. But this modifier basically penalizes you or would -- it takes into account your -- the capital that you use. As I read it, I don't think that there's any penalty for holding cash. Is that an accurate assessment or should I follow up with that off-line?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: That's correct. We all -- we have modifiers in place both for segments and for the total company. We manage total cash on a total company level, so the modifier at the segments clearly would not have that be a factor. And at the total company level, our assessment has been that there just -- there's a very tight number of people that really have any decision-making authority over cash, and that it just really wouldn't be an appropriate element to have in there for the total company to be weighed off of.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have a follow-up from Diane Geissler.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just -- pricing has had a pretty good strategy with being sort of short to the market in the chicken business, and that's been -- they've done some pretty good margins on the value-added side. Just wondering what is your outlook for turkey? I mean, you talked about you didn't want to have a lot of commodity meat exposure, but is that a strategy that you think you could pursue, let other people raise it at $8 a bushel on corn and then you buy it on the commodity market and value-add?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, it's not something we're looking at on a broadscale basis because you make long-term commitments and put assets in place. But in any given year, I mean yes, there’s a certain level of fluctuation that within your system you can tolerate. And I think that is indeed -- that would be part of the equation that the Jennie-O team would be setting next year is if you have any incremental questions as to how many eggs or poults to put in the system if you can do better buying from someone else at certain times of the year, that's something they definitely should entertain.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back to Kevin Jones for any closing remarks.
Kevin C. Jones: Thank you for all of your questions and your interest in our company. Please feel free to follow up with me with any follow-up questions that might occur to you. This is Kevin Jones again. And otherwise, everyone, have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-05-23 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin C. Jones - Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric Larson Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, May 23, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Jones, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin C. Jones: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2012. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter, then Jody will provide detailed financial results. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time, May 23, 2012. The dial-in number is (800) 406-7325, and the access code is 4535051. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 28 through 35 in the company's 10-Q for the quarter ended January 29, 2012, which was filed with the SEC on March 9, 2012. It can be accessed on our website. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to announce a record quarter for both earnings and sales. Earnings for our second quarter were $0.48 per share, up 20% from a year ago, 4 of 5 segments contributed to these results. Sales increased 3% during the quarter and again, we're up in 4 out of 5 segments. Total volume declined 2%, though much of the decline was due to reduced sales of commodity meat in both our Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store segments. This quarter once again demonstrates the benefit of our balanced model, as the strong performances by our Jennie-O Turkey Store and All Other International segment and year-over-year gains by Grocery Products and Specialty Foods, more than made up for the softer results by our Refrigerated Foods segment. I will now take you through each segment. For Grocery Products, segment profit increased 10% on a 1% sales increase. We again experienced softness in center of the store sales during Q2, but we did see some improvement in comparison with the first quarter. Sales of our SPAM family of products grew during the quarter, aided by our fresh round of advertising, featuring a new animated character, Sir Can-A-Lot. It is noteworthy that this product line is celebrating its 75th anniversary this year and is still growing, both in the U.S. and abroad. Sales of our Compleats microwave meals were soft, along with the category. Our new product packaging and several new product varieties have still not been fully reflected in retail stores. We will continue to advertise our Hormel brand, which features this product line, along with Hormel Natural Choice deli meat and Hormel pepperoni. We are pleased with the growth of our MegaMex food product line led by Wholly Guacamole refrigerated dip and [indiscernible] Salsa. We have also rolled out some new varieties of our Wholly refrigerated salsas. Our Refrigerated Foods segment reported a 25% decline in operating profit due primarily to unfavorable pork operating margins. The company overall did benefit during the quarter from lower pork raw material cost for our value-added products, benefiting foodservice and meat products within Refrigerated Foods. Sales for our Refrigerated Foods segment declined 1% in the quarter, reflecting lower sales of commodity pork. The team reduced harvest level during the quarter in order to limit our exposure to the unfavorable pork operating margin. Sales of retail value-added products grew, led by Hormel Natural Choice deli meats, Hormel party trays, Hormel sliced pepperoni and our Di Lusso Deli products. Foodservice sales were also higher, with solid gains from Hormel Natural Choice deli meats, Café H ethnic products and Hormel premium bacon. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment had another outstanding quarter, with segment profit -- operating profit up 50% on a sales increase of 7%, driven primarily by expanded sales of our retail value added products. Jennie-O Turkey Store's results also demonstrate efficiency gains throughout its farms, plant and supply chain. Sales of our Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray pack items and turkey burgers were particularly strong, as we continue to benefit from our Make the Switch advertising campaign late last year. Our Specialty Foods segment operating profit increased 9% in the quarter as pricing actions taken earlier this year offset higher raw material cost. Sales by our Specialty Foods segment grew 12% during the quarter, led by private label canned meat, ingredient sales and bulk and nutritional products. In our All Other International segment, operating profit grew 52% and sales increased 11%, due primarily to strong exports of fresh pork product and sales growth in our SPAM family of products. We also saw improved results at our Purefoods-Hormel joint venture in the Philippines. As we stated in our fourth quarter conference call last year, we anticipated a more difficult operating environment in 2012 and for comparisons to be more challenging in the first half. Our strong performance in Q2 brings us back to even in terms of earnings per share at the halfway point of the year. Heading into the second half of the year, our Grocery Products, Specialty Foods and International segments are positioned well to contribute solid earnings growth. In particular, we expect continued strong performance from our international team, which is benefiting from a positive export environment and from their branding and marketing efforts. The run of gains at Jennie-O Turkey Store has lasted longer than I originally anticipated and the recent decline in commodity turkey values, coupled with higher grain inputs, may slow these gains going forward. We do plan on running a new advertising campaign later this year to help drive the continued growth in the sales of our value-added turkey products. We look for our Refrigerated Foods segment to improve in the back half of the year through improved margins and sales of our value-added products, even as pork operating margins remain below typical levels. Taking all of these significant factors into account, we are maintaining our fiscal 2012 earnings guidance range of $1.79 to $1.89 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen, to discuss the financial information relating to the second quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning. Earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2012 totaled $127.9 million or $0.48 per share compared to $109.6 million or $0.40 per share a year ago. Earnings for the first half of fiscal 2012 were $256.3 million or $0.95 per share compared to $258.4 million or $0.95 per share last year. Dollar sales for the second quarter totaled $2.01 billion compared to $1.96 billion last year, a 3% increase. For the first half, dollar sales increased 4% to $4.05 billion. Volume for the second quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, down 2% from fiscal 2011. Year-to-date, volume was 2.41 billion pounds, down 2% compared to last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were 7.4% of sales, down from 8.2% last year. Year-to-date, selling, general and administrative expenses were 7.4% compared to 7.9% last year. SG&A expenses are expected to be around 7.5% of sales for the remainder of the year. Interest and investment income was $2.3 million for the second quarter compared to $2 million last year. Year-to-date, interest in investment income was $3.9 million compared to $2.9 million a year ago. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.3 million compared to $7.2 million last year. For the first half of fiscal 2012, interest expense was $6.5 million compared to $13.8 million a year ago. With lower debt levels and decreased interest rates, we expect interest expense to be approximately $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2012. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 33.5% versus 33.9% in fiscal 2011. The year-to-date effective tax rate is 33.5% compared to 34.4% last year. For fiscal 2012, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 33.5% and 34.5%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 264 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 269 million. We repurchased 1.1 million shares of common stock during the second quarter, spending $31 million. We have 1.9 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, unchanged from last year. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $29 million compared to $31 million last year. Year-to-date depreciation and amortization totaled $59.7 million compared to $62.3 million a year ago. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $115 million in fiscal 2012. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $28 million compared to $19 million last year. For the first half, capital expenditures were $58 million compared to $36 million last year. For fiscal 2012, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $120 million to $130 million. As we mentioned last quarter, we integrated the sales of Don Miguel Foods, part of our MegaMex Foods joint ventures starting with our fiscal third quarter. Our retail sales force has responsibility for representing this expanded Mexican foods portfolio, and we will report these sales in our Grocery Product segment. Profits will continue to be accounted for through equity and earnings in the Grocery Products segment. As a result, added sales from the Don Miguel integration for the second half of 2012 are estimated to be $80 million to $90 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Farha Aslam from Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Could you just provide us some more color around the turkey business, in terms of -- for the full year, what do you think volumes and kind of sales and operating profits will do for that division?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Volume will probably continue to trend slightly down because it's based primarily on the total number of turkeys we're bringing into the operation, and we said we are running a tight operation this year on that basis. We would expect net sales to be up somewhat as pricing has -- we've had to take pricing in the past and that will continue to roll through in the second half of the year. In terms of earnings, the unit, obviously, has done very well thus far this year. They will be facing more pressure in the form of increased grain costs in the second half and the commodity markets have gone down somewhat in terms of the commodity meat sales. So those will pressure their ability to continue to deliver the very large gains that we've seen thus far. But overall, we think that business is positioned well and with the ad campaign we mentioned and continued spending against the value-added line, we still have a positive outlook for Jennie-O for the remainder of the year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So you expect profits to be up year-over-year in that division by ’13 would you say?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, clearly for the year, based on the strong start, they're going to be up. We're not going to give a specific segment-by-segment amount in terms of exactly what we're looking at for Jennie-O, but we talked early in the conference call at the end of last year about them holding their own. They've done more than hold their own thus far. They may have enough momentum to be able to continue to generate positive gains. But the floor we would see would be to be able to at least hold their own at last year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up, Jody, on the corporate expense, it's kind of down almost half year-over-year. I was wondering what drove that and if you could just give us a color on what it's going to be for the full year as well as what interest expenses for the full year.
Jody H. Feragen: I gave that as part of the script, Farha. So let me pull back to make sure I state it correctly. But our general corporate expenses were positively impacted by our insurance experience, if you will. Our medical and pension accounts ended up being more positive this year versus last year when we had some unfavorable trends. For your other question -- and for the full year, we expect it to be more around the 7.5% in net sales for total SG&A. And then interest expense, we're looking at the $12 million to $14 million. Really, we're down in the level of debt that we have and the interest rate is much lower on the bonds that's outstanding.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: I just wanted to dig a little bit into your -- what appears to be export strength in your All Other segment. It does seem like things have slowed a little there. I'm just curious if you could detail and/or provide any color around pockets of strength. I think you mentioned your Philippines joint venture. But specifically, if you have any other color around that segment that could help us understand what you're looking for over the balance of the year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, general export, the one area we've seen a little bit of a slowdown would be Korea, given that last year they had foot and mouth issues and their herd has come back to about 90% of where it was. Even with that, our numbers year-over-year for the quarter were pretty favorable or down slightly in Korea. We more than made up for that with the rest of the Asian markets and when it comes to fresh pork. And then in terms of some of our partnerships, you correctly referenced the San Miguel Philippine partnership as being very favorable for the quarter. We continue to improve our results in China, albeit it's still not a large contributor to the bottom line, but it's heading in the right direction. So we're comfortable with our Asia focus and it's a combination of pork items, both fresh and processed. And then SPAM is a very important product in the Philippines and Korea or Okinawa. We're working to make it more important in Japan through our ad campaign there and we're back in China working on trying to build the marketplace in China for SPAM as well.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just as a follow-up, when I think about this business going forward, prices have softened a little, but it seems like your volumes probably see a pickup as a result. Long term, is this a business that you think can continue to grow at this pace? Obviously, it's hard to make long-term estimates based on kind of what we're seeing globally, but it seems like pork's still a popular item around the world. Is that something you expect to continue?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Christine, your question focuses on international, I'm assuming still?
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Yes, yes.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Yes, yes, our expectation for International is that it would continue to grow at rates that are higher than our company-wide goals, which are the 5% revenue and 10% earnings growth. They've certainly been delivering on that strongly the last couple of years and based on the various branded franchises we have in place in different markets right now, we look at that very favorably.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I have a question. How did the quarter rate versus what your internal budgeting had been looking for coming into it? And then to the extent that it was either ahead of plan or on plan, why the conservatism on the full year outlook? Certainly, you were significantly higher than consensus. So maybe we were just all wrong versus your budget, but just trying to figure out if there's something, a particular headwind that you're concerned about, is the grain prices in turkey or pork cutout or why keep the guidance where it is?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We talked at the beginning of the year about how we expected the first half of the year to be difficult and that we would see most of the gains -- and we provided a guidance range that clearly was going to be, hopefully, our 27th up year in our last 30 years. When all said and done for the half, we're at even. We probably did a little bit better in the second quarter than I originally anticipated and a little bit worse in the first quarter, with refrigerated experiencing a lot more significant challenges with the processing margin. You identified a couple of things that are certainly watch-outs going forward in terms of the pork operating margins are still poor right now. The center of store volumes, although improving sequentially, are still not to where we'd like them to be. But we feel we can more than offset those with the positive momentum going on in specialty with our other grocery items, with our Foodservice and meat products, with Jennie-O's branded items. And so as we sit here today, we net out that to hit our guidance range, we'll have to have continued up quarters in the high-single digits to low-double digit range. And we think that's probably a reasonable range right now for the remainder of the year.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And has the pork operating margin improved since the start of the third quarter?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's bounced around. It improved some initially, and the very current picture is not very pretty right now.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So would you say there's really no discernible trend yet on pork cutouts?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I would agree with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Ramey from D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just to take another cut at the Jennie-O Turkey Store question which, obviously, these results have just been stunningly good. I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks you thought the gains have been strong and the gains would slow. If that's -- I just want to verify that, that's exactly what you mean rather than things will start to have tough comps or down comps. If you continue to think that we're going to have up numbers in Jennie-O Turkey Store at least, I for one, have been way too bearish on that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, through the half, their segment profit is up 22%. Our best look right now, I would say that they should not be continuing at that kind of an increased rate for the remainder of the year. However, we do believe at this point that they should be able to still generate a positive second half year-over-year, and it will be somewhere between that as an up end and flat as a down end.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And I guess, just thinking about it, seems early to be starting to think about fiscal '13. But at some point, these numbers become comps. We thought they were going to be difficult comps in 2012 and you've been able to continue to generate great returns there. Has your thinking changed about -- I mean, should we be thinking about Jennie-O Turkey Store as a 19%, 20% EBIT margin kind of business now?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think I would agree that, that's probably above the high end of where we think our run rate would be on an annualized basis. They ended last year at 14%. They'll clearly do a little bit better than that this year. Obviously, we've not done any budgeting yet for 2013. Well, looking at the crystal ball as you are, clearly, their comps will be challenging again for next year. I would say, at least, as where we sit here today, that frankly, Refrigerated Foods comps will be not as challenging and so that could be an area where we would make that up. And then ultimately, it's the same old story. It's that -- what are the value-added franchises within all these business units doing and as long as we can continue to drive growth there, we should be in good shape, long term.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And Jody, did you say anything about your -- if you did, I missed it. The length of your corn forward purchase commitment at this point? Your general view on, do we want to be long or short?
Jody H. Feragen: Our traditional hedging policy is 25% to 75%. Last year, 2011, we were probably on the high side of that range, this year we're probably more in the middle side of that range. And obviously, we look for input from the business units to secure positions that they think they can live with in the marketplace. So we do have some for 2012 and some for 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann from Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to talk a little more about Jennie-O. You had pretty fantastic flow-through of the incremental sales to your margins, something like 100% incremental margins. And you mentioned a couple of buckets of drivers of that, including shift to value-add and some cost efficiency programs. Could you go a little bit deeper into the kind of what drive -- what drove what proportion of the incremental margin in the quarter?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess the best I can do with that, on the value-added side was that our kind of the star performer in terms of being able to continue to generate not only net sales growth but volume growth was the retail area. That retail, fresh tray pack franchise that, frankly, we acquired back in 2001 from the Turkey Store and that our team's done a great job of growing ever since, is very robust right now. It's been well supported by the ad campaign that we ran the last 2 years and that we're intending to run again this fall. And so that's been a key driver on the value-added side. And that being said, both the foodservice and deli sides of the business have really been holding their own in a challenging environment, where price often has to be pushed, but they really done a nice job of maintaining volume there. In terms of efficiencies, they really are kind of across-the-board, that's by far the most vertical part of our business all the way from breeder hatchery operations, to feed mills, to owning our own barns, in many case. And also partnering with family farms in the area in terms of grow out. We've been able to really push improvements throughout that aspect of the supply chain through our plant operations and through our logistics area and those are all paying off for Jennie-O in terms of offsetting a lot of those other green input increases.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Would you normally expect the incremental volume in the retail piece or any of the buckets of the end markets to drive full flow-through to profits or shouldn't be there's some sort of variable margin associated with the typical sales growth story?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean, not having the benefit of the model you're running, I will say that, in general, our philosophy in the company is not only convert commodity to value add, but to move value add up a value chain that ultimately does widen the margin. As we innovate with new products, we look for higher returns on innovative new items and there may be a category that has a lot of competition and has been around a while. So in the long run, we do think the flow-through ought to be quite good. I don't know whether dollar for dollar is a realistic expectation.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then can you just give us a sense of what the breakout of the mix is now of value-added versus the commodity meat within that division?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: At Jennie-O?
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean, on a dollar sales basis, Jennie-O is close to 80% value added. On a tonnage basis -- now assuming, we internally, frankly, count the whole bird part as more of a commodity aspect of the business. It is branded but it behaves more on markets and so forth. So assuming that volume is in the commodity volumes, then the volumes are probably closer to 60% value added and 40% in the other category.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just lastly, I know that this is a much smaller piece of your overall business but can you comment at all on what you think has been driving some of the pressure in the fresh pork business? Some industry participants have talked about pink slime as having some negative spillover effect, perhaps some change in exports, perhaps some change in some of the competitive activity, any perspective you can add as to why we're seeing the magnitude of margin pressure we are in this business would be helpful.
Jody H. Feragen: So I don't know if you're talking about the pork operating margins. But generally what we've seen is real softness in the domestic market for pork products. Some speculation that it's retailers holding the price and consumers not buying into that franchise. And then for the price of hogs, I'm still mystified as why they continue to drive up in this type of an environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rohan Patkar from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: This is Akshay Jagdale, actually. My question was on the pork processing side actually, just -- what's your impression of what happened that resulted in lower packer margins? And just a follow-up to that, how are you thinking about those factors as we move forward?
Jody H. Feragen: Well, we certainly did not expect that for the second quarter, the pork operating margins would be negative. And as I indicated before, it seems to be a combination of softer domestic demand on the cutout side and more demand for the hogs that run up prices on that side of the business. Going forward, outlook for the year would be that those pork operating margins would remain below the levels of last year, but improving in the fall as we get into a traditionally more robust season for production on the hogs side.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So that -- just to be clear, so that improvement in margins will be a result of better domestic demand? Is that sort of a seasonal factor that you're applying?
Jody H. Feragen: My seasonal factor was related to the production of hogs. So more hogs on the ground in the fall as we traditionally see, but still thinking that pork operating margins will be below last year's level.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But demand will be -- you are assuming that demand will get better?
Jody H. Feragen: Probably expecting the cutouts to be below last year as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: In terms of the center of the store, can you talk about what you think the drivers have been to why -- you guys are not the only packaged food company to actually talk about the center of store being a little sluggish. Can you talk about what you think the macro environment is that's keeping it from happening -- from accelerating? And then what are you guys doing to compensate for that and to drive center of the store -- consumers back to the center of the store?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Yes, I mean, everyone kind of has theories on it. We certainly believe there has been some effect related to pricing, that a lot of manufacturers have been confronted with steep increases in raw materials in the types of products that go center of the store. And that have therefore had to push pricing. And we're no exception to that. So at some point, if you take a couple of rounds of price increases if there's at least some short-term resistance to those levels, those could be being reflected. Tied in with that would be, we are seeing a change in terms of promotional behavior and response, where, say, the kind of deals that many retailers would do 10 for 10s, 10 cans of something for $10, et cetera, that those just are not receiving the response they used to. At least, that's been our experience. I think when you do have a cash-strapped consumer, they still like the items, but they're just not willing to load in the pantry at that kind of a level, so that creates year-over-year comp challenges. We definitely feel there has at least been some weather effect, I would concede that, that only make sense with items that seem to be more -- like in our case, canned chili, that had a not-so-great half. This year's winter has been very benign. The year before was very cold. A lot of weekends lost to the Foodservice trade where people ate at home. In terms of what we're doing to combat it, a lot of it is just that day-to-day work you do through your sales organization with the retailers. But on top of that, advertising is clearly very important. We're going to be advertising a really wide array of our products during the second half of the year. So on the Hormel side it's -- Compleats will continue to have a campaign, as well as Natural Choice. We'll be advertising SPAM, and SPAM seems to be responding well to it. We even saw that during the second quarter. Jennie-O Turkey Store will have a new campaign and then our MegaMex venture has 3 different brands that they advertise. And MegaMex is still generating positive volume even in this environment.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So my one follow-up is, why would marketing ebb and flow? Why isn't it not more consistent throughout a year? I guess, that's my follow-up.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. I mean even though I mentioned to you the second half programs we're running, these have all been set well in advance. And we kind of set a program, it depends on seasonality of products, it depends -- in the case of the Hormel brand, we try to do it on a complementary basis so that maybe in the winter, we're running pepperoni more, that's more for kind of cooking up and heating up at home or having snacks. Natural Choice, for example, is the third Hormel brand that we're advertising. That's sandwich meats mostly, and that's more of a summer item. So I mean we'd love to have the kind of budget where we'd be on all year. And someday maybe we'll work our way up to that, but I'm using it in a prudent fashion. We lay out an advertising calendar well in advance and there is some seasonality to that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess my question is that you've seen in the Refrigerated Foods business a normalization of margins back to your historical range of 5% to 7% even at the low end. And then you have the turkey business, which is really elevated here. I know you're saying that, that's not sustainable. But you're still saying that it is going to be well above what you had thought was a normalized margin of, I think it was like 9% to 10%. So what is it about the turkey business today that you think is different about the refrigerated business so that we can hold on to these -- hold on to margins maybe in the teens instead of going all the way back down to 9% to 10%?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, on the refrigerated side, I would argue that we're on the low end of where we belong and in that area and that we need to, through better macro conditions but more importantly, through added value-added sales in foodservice and meat products, eventually get our way up to that higher end of that range. On the turkey side, internally, our expectation has to be a little bit higher in terms of returns to that business because of the verticality. I mean, we have a lot more capital invested at Jennie-O, and that's what you're hopefully getting for that investment is better overall returns. But clearly, at least for now, we seem to have hit on a good formula of driving efficiencies in the operation, most of which I don't expect to just vanish. I mean these are systemic changes that they have made that should be positive going forward. And then supporting branded differentiated items through advertising and other programs with the retailer that should continue to allow those franchisees to grow. After these couple of years, I mean, I think as we head into 2013, we'll probably assess, okay, is there a new guidance level range for where we would expect Jennie-O to be? But we're still kind of in the middle of this year now and so I don't really have that for you yet.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. But the pieces you're putting together here on Jennie-O, that would justify a higher normalized margin -- is the level of investment that you've made in terms of creating value added -- that's different from 5 years ago? Is it also maybe just the consumer is still in the early stages of per capita consumption on value-added turkey and that's changed versus 5 years ago or am I in the right direction?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, those are important. The export picture is a lot more favorable today and has steadily been that way, but increasing over the last few years. So that definitely provides some added value in a system where you're still -- a lot of the dark meat is going outside the United States. So that's a positive. The more years that go by from the acquisition, I know it's now been 10, but there's times that you find opportunities to consolidate your facilities, to utilize your raw materials better, to purchase better and so forth. And those have been kind of rolling forward as well through their system.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Eric Larson from CL King & Associates.
Eric Larson: A couple of questions. The first one is probably for Jody. Jody, just for clarification, the first half of this current fiscal year, MegaMex was accounted for only as an equity -- the only P&L item was equity earnings. Is that correct?
Jody H. Feragen: Well, it's a little more complicated than that. MegaMex, the core products that were in the original joint venture have always been sold by our consumer product sales force. So those sales have been included in Grocery Products. So that would be the Herdez items, the La Vic items, the CHI-CHI items, and I know I'm forgetting something. As MegaMex acquired additional businesses, Don Miguel and Fresherized Foods, some of the products that Jeff talked about, they were included only in equity of earnings because they were being sold outside the Hormel CPS organization. We have now integrated Don Miguel to take advantage of some synergies, particularly our sales force. So those Don Miguel sales, starting in this third quarter and going forward, will show up in the Grocery Products top line, but not -- but still be accounted for in equity and earnings. Fresherized Foods at some point in time, we'll look to see if that fits within our Consumer Product Sales organizations to see if there's anything there. But right now, it's Don Miguel and the traditional MegaMex items.
Eric Larson: Okay. What were the Don Miguel sales for the first half, I would assume you're not going to restate any of that, so you'll have that positive impact on your top line in Grocery for your first half next year. So what was roughly your sales for the first half in that business? Don Miguel?
Jody H. Feragen: I would tell you that the $80 million to $90 million range that I gave you for the back half is about what they delivered in the front half.
Eric Larson: Okay. That's fair. I thought maybe you had maybe mentioned that and I may have missed it. The next question is, when you look at your commodity costs outlook for turkey, obviously in the very short run, if you're short, you're getting penalized because of the [indiscernible] both in corn and soybeans. That will probably change for corn going forward, soybeans is probably going to be higher. But I guess the real question is, what is the mix of those 2 commodities that you feed your turkeys? Is it 50/50? Is it 40% soybean meal, 60% corn? What is roughly the mix of feed to your livestock?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, it varies by season and what we're trying to accomplish. But just to give you a rough estimate it would be more like 2/3, 1/3 corn to soy meal.
Operator: And our next question is from Ann Gurkin from Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a question on Jennie-O. How has the selling been for the Thanksgiving holiday? Is that meeting expectations?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. We're in good shape with it. It does cause volume changes in our sales numbers because it's really -- we make it up to the customer as to when they take delivery. And this year, some of them are taking delivery a little later than they did last year, so we actually have a little more inventory than we have in the past. But it's committed, so we're in good shape for that.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then Jody, continue to see cash build, which is a good thing. Any updates on potential acquisitions or use of cash or anything there that you could help us with?
Jody H. Feragen: I don't really have an update, but I have said in the past, obviously, we look to invest in our businesses and continue to look at strategic opportunities in the acquisition area. Anything that's a market leader or something that provides scale, something that's accretive from a margin and sales standpoint. We have made a commitment to higher capital level -- CapEx spending this year with some expansion of facilities actually adding some more capacity in our value-added areas. We've made a commitment to our shareholders on dividends, and we continue to perform very well in that area. And then opportunistically, looking at share repurchase.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I would just add, I mean, we're very happy with the couple of Mexican acquisitions we have made in the last couple of years. So about this time last year, we talked about Wholly Guacamole, it's just been a great addition to the franchise. And Don Miguel continues to grow nicely also for MegaMex.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back for any closing remarks.
Kevin C. Jones: Very good. Thank you, everyone for listening in on our call. Feel free to follow up with me with any additional questions, Kevin Jones. And have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Hormel Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Basically, we'd like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-02-23 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin C. Jones - Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric J. Larson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded today, February 23 at 8:30 Central Standard Time. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kevin Jones, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kevin C. Jones: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2012. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter, then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time, today, February 23, 2012. The dial-in number is 1 (800) 406-7325, and the access code is 4509484. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 27 through 30 in the company's annual report for the fiscal year ended October 30, 2011 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. [Operator Instructions] And I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning, everyone. We announced first quarter earnings this morning of $0.48 per share, down 13% from a year ago. During the quarter, we experienced weak pork operating margins and soft sales in the center of the store. Nonetheless, our current performance represents the second best quarter in our company's history. In terms of the top line, we generated a sales increase of 6% with gains in 4 out of our 5 business segments. Although total volumes declined 2%, the majority of the decline was due to a planned reduction in harvest levels at our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment.  As you may recall from our November conference call, we had anticipated a challenging start to 2012. Though our overall results were not surprising, how we got there wasn't exactly as we had planned. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment performed better than we expected and International turned in a good quarter, while our Refrigerated Foods, Grocery Products and Specialty Foods segments did not perform as well as we had anticipated. I will now take you through each segment.  For Grocery Products, segment profit decreased 9% on 3% lower sales. These results were prompted by significant input cost inflation and by decreased sales of our core products. We have encountered some sluggishness as consumers adjust to higher prices. Despite these conditions, we are seeing continued growth of our MegaMex product lines. Sales of Don Miguel products and the Wholly Guacamole refrigerated dips registered the biggest growth gain. Sales of our Hormel Compleats microwave meals declined slightly during the quarter as our new advertising campaign and the new product varieties and packaging have not yet been fully implemented at the store level.  Our Refrigerated Foods segment reported a 44% decline in operating profit, due primarily to unfavorable pork operating margins. You may recall that pork operating margins were particularly strong during our first quarter a year ago. Higher raw material costs also negatively impacted margins in our Meat Products group during the quarter.  Sales for our Refrigerated Foods grew 7% in the quarter, led on the Retail side by Hormel's Sliced Pepperoni, Hormel Country Crock Side Dishes and Hormel Natural Choice deli meats. Foodservice sales were also higher with solid gains from Hormel Natural Choice deli meats, AUSTIN BLUES barbecue products and Café H ethnic products.  Operating profit at our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment increased 4% on a sales increase of 4% driven primarily by expanded sales of our retail value added products. Sales of our Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray pack items and turkey burgers were particularly strong as we continue to benefit from our Make the Switch advertising campaign late last year. We reduced our harvest volumes during the quarter in order to better balance our turkey meat supplies. Export demand also remains strong, supporting dark meat prices during the quarter.  Our Specialty Foods segment operating profit declined 4% in the quarter as higher raw material and freight cost negatively impact results. Sales by our Specialty Foods segment grew 14% during the quarter led by nutritional products, private label canned meats and gelatin dessert products.  In our All Other international segment, operating profit grew by 25% on a 17% increase in sales. We enjoyed strong exports of fresh pork and sales growth in our SPAM family of products. We also saw improved results at our Purefoods-Hormel joint venture in the Philippines.  As we stated in our Fourth Quarter Conference Call, we anticipated a more difficult operating environment in 2012 and for comparisons to be more challenging in the first half and to become more favorable in the back half. We look for pork operating margins to slowly improve as the year proceeds. Grain costs will remain volatile this year, but we expect our team at Jennie-O Turkey Store to continue to do a good job of maintaining margins. We are optimistic that sales in our Grocery Products segment and our Meat Products group will improve during the remainder of the year as our Hormel and SPAM brand advertising campaigns gear up. We expect our Foodservice Group to build upon their solid start this year as the foodservice industry shows gradual improvement. We are looking for better results from our Specialty Foods segment going forward as sales should continue to grow and the pricing we have implemented takes effect. We also anticipate enhanced operational efficiencies will improve profitability later in the year. We expect continued growth from our International segment, which is benefiting from a positive export environment and from their branding and marketing efforts. Taking all these significant factors into account, we are maintaining our fiscal 2012 earnings guidance range of $1.79 to $1.89 per share.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the first quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Earnings for the first quarter of fiscal 2012 totaled $128.4 million or $0.48 per share compared to $148.8 million or $0.55 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the first quarter totaled $2 billion compared to $1.9 billion last year, a 6% increase. Volume for the first quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, down 2% from fiscal 2011. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were 7.5% of sales, down slightly from 7.6% of sales last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses are expected to be between 7.5% and 8% of sales for the entire year. Interest and investment income was $1.6 million for the first quarter compared to $441,000 last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.2 million compared to $6.6 million last year. With lower debt levels and decreased interest rates, we expect interest expense to be approximately $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2012.  Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 33.4% versus 34.7% in fiscal 2011. For total fiscal 2012, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 34% and 35%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the first quarter was 264 million. The diluted weighted average numbers of shares outstanding for the first quarter was 270 million. We repurchased 380,000 shares of common stock during the first quarter, spending $11.1 million. We have 3 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place.  Total debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million compared to $350 million last year. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31 million, even with last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $115 million in fiscal 2012. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $29 million compared to $15 million last year. For fiscal 2012, we expect capital expenditures to be about $140 million to $150 million. We will be integrating the sales of Don Miguel Foods, part of our MegaMex Foods joint venture beginning with our fiscal third quarter. Our retail sales force will take responsibility for representing this expanded Mexican foods portfolio and we will report these sales in our Grocery Products segment. Profits will continue to be accounted for, through equity and earnings, in the Grocery Products segment. As a result, added sales from the Don Miguel integration for the second half of 2012 are estimated to be between $75 million and $85 million.  At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Akshay Jagdale.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask you about your read-through on the consumer, especially as it relates to Grocery Product volumes, which you cited as being weak. We have CAGNY and trying to get an explanation from one of the food companies as to why we've seen a weakness. And I'd like you to just give us your perspective from a consumer insight standpoint. So why do you think -- what's going on with the consumer? Why are we seeing weakness in the center of the store?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, there's a few factors that could be coming into play. First of all, as many of the companies in the industry have had to push pricing, we certainly could be seeing consumer reaction to the pricing. Typically, over time, as consumers get used to both the new shelf price and new feature price, volumes return to a more normalized level. Secondly, it's really -- in our case, there's certainly is a potential of some -- of a weather effect. The areas where we saw the biggest weakness within Grocery Products were our canned good franchises, which for example, in the prior-year when there was a cold winter throughout the country and people were eating at home more often, we saw quite strong sales and that was where our biggest declines occurred this quarter. Really, if you look at some of the other items within Grocery Products, Compleats were down, but they were only down 3% on a volume basis. MegaMex was up 1% and that's not counting the Don Miguel sales, which as Jody mentioned, in the future will start counting within our total sales starting in the second half. And then lastly, we really have seen a mixed bag in terms of trends. There's no question that in terms of our total groceries results, the kind of tonnage that was delivered was lower than we had hoped. But we had some areas of very strong tonnage within the retail franchise. Our Natural Choice business did great during the quarter, we had good growth in Pepperoni and Country Crock, Jennie-O had big double-digit increases in their tray pack and burger numbers. So if you get away from some of the center aisle areas, we are still seeing very sold volume growth.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And just one for, I think, Jody or even you, Jeff. On the pork side, why are -- in your opinion, why are margins, the cutouts, below normalized levels right now? And why do you think they're going to get, sort of trend towards the normalized level later this year?
Jody H. Feragen: Good question. I think you have to look at the comparisons that we have to the first quarter last year where we had abnormally large pork operating margins. But as the market generally does, it trends back to some more normalized levels. The fact that we're seeing those tighter spreads in the first quarter of 2012, we would expect them to come back to more normalized levels, but certainly below last year.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. But why are they below normal? I understand the year-over-year comparisons are tough. But just forgetting last year's outperformance, I'm just saying -- I'm asking why do you think they're below normal? Is there weakness at the retail level? I mean, I'm trying to understand why they're below normal, they should be below year ago because year ago was too high, but why do you think they're below normal?
Jody H. Feragen: I would think that exports probably play a part in it. So the demand side of exports have been strong. We also saw, perhaps, a little bit larger harvest in the first quarter from the industry standpoint. So whether that ran up the prices of live hogs, that could be part of the impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lindsay Mann.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted a couple of quick questions. First of all, I was a little bit surprised to see -- I mean, I think the conventional view is that when Refrigerated Foods is weak from a margin perspective, you get some offset in Grocery. So can you just talk about the dynamics between the 2 divisions?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think what occurred this quarter that did sweep across both areas was unexpectedly high input costs and we knew it last summer, they spiked. We knew it for the full year this year, we were looking at general increases, but our early look had been this fall and early winter time frame would see more of a normal seasonal dip. So that did not really occur. And so when you get into whether its pork trim or some of the beef inputs, those areas that affect both franchises. So on Grocery, it affects the SPAM, it affects bacon bits when you have those higher pork inputs just as it does some of the items on the meat product side. And then beef, same thing. Some of our meal-based items Dinty Moore, et cetera, have really felt the squeeze from those higher inputs than we had anticipated.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just on Jennie-O, the division continues to perform exceptionally well. I'm just curious how you guys think about some of the commodity dynamics looking forward, particularly on the supply side and how you're positioned to sort of mitigate those factors?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, we are seeing some increase in egg sets and poult placements and an anticipation of an overall volume increase in turkey of probably 3% to 4%. We're -- because we're so focused on our value-added portfolio, we want to keep it, our structure, as tight as possible. And that was part of why we went into this year with a diminished expectation in terms of overall production. And so we have the right balance to be able to maintain values in those areas. And in terms on how they're reacting in the marketplace, I mean, still very solid results on the retail side of the business. A little more softness in foodservice and deli. But overall, obviously, Jenny-O came through with a very strong quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Ken Zaslow.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just one question. You did mentioned SPAM, Hormel and party trays as well as Mary Kitchen and Hash, can you just talk about how those brands are performing just to complete out the retail brands?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. SPAM had quite a weak quarter on the domestic side, a very strong quarter outside the United States, and we sell almost as much SPAM outside of the United States now as we do in the U.S. So that's the key driver to the success of the International business segment. Solid quarter in terms of party trays. Hash was down slightly, not as much as Chili and SPAM. -- I'm sorry, you mentioned a fourth item, I'm forgetting it. What was the other one that you wanted to know our trend on?
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Hormel.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Just Hormel Chili or just...
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes. Just Hormel Chili, yes.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. Our Hormel Chili was down in the high single-digit level, so it was definitely a soft year, kind of had that impact more similar to SPAM.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And when will the increased advertising start to hit, that we could start to see maybe in retail, a date that we could start to see the turn in the brands?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Definitely. So we, the Compleats -- for the Hormel Brand campaign, we're featuring 3 items this year: Natural Choice; Pepperoni; and Compleats. That advertising first went on-air on the last 2 weeks of the quarter, so not enough time to really impact Q1, but it's on-air right now. In terms of our new SPAM Creative, it's the first campaign we've had now in 3 years domestically for SPAM. That goes on-air here in late February and should have us a decent impact on Q2 and going into Q3.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. And my last question is the Specialty. What's going to take that's up from -- like, it seems to somewhat disappoint a little bit, relative to our expectations and it seems like a business that should be starting to turn the corner and we anticipate it turning the corner. But what's it going to take to actually make the business kind of get to that $20 million or $25 million operating profit per quarter? I think it's kind of higher than more normalized run rate.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, we had a good fourth quarter with Specialty Foods and we definitely anticipated doing better in the first quarter. They didn't miss by a lot. I mean, it was in the range of $1 million. And then there's a lot of things that can go on in a quarter that can lose you $1 million. I think the team has their hands on those things. We did see volume gains. So we're good on the top line side in terms of Specialty Foods. So it really is a matter of creating the right efficiencies in the business and getting their pricing up, which they had to do that some during the first quarter and those will now be reflected in Q2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Could you just give us some more color on the MegaMex JV? In terms of what's the total sales of the JV, what portion now is going to be in Hormel's P&L and kind of what the operating profits are of the JV? And what we can expect on the -- come through on the equity income line?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I think the sales part we certainly can give you some good color now. The latter part, we might need then -- maybe I'll do a follow-up with Kevin to give you that kind of level of detail. In terms of sales, what has been reflected thus far in the sales line in Grocery Products are both of the franchises that the partners brought to the MegaMex venture, so that would be Herdez, CHI-CHI'S, MANNY'S, El Torito, La Victoria, those types of items. The 2 acquisitions that the joint venture has been subsequently made, Don Miguel and Fresherized Foods, to this date have not been reflected in sales. They have flowed through to the extent we've owned them through equity and earnings on our half of the profits. So what Jody announced this morning is starting the second half of fiscal 2012, we will be integrating the Don Miguel piece. We will be selling it through our sales force and running it through our invoicing system and our distribution system. And so from then on, those sales will start being reflected within the GP sales results. They won't change the profit any, because we still had our 50% share of the profits already in that business. And then in terms of the Wholly Guacamole, the whole Fresherized side, which is $100 million-plus in sales, those are still not being reflected through even with this change. We've just brought that on board and that's still being run separately.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so the margins in Grocery with all of these changes, where would you expect full year EBIT margins in grocery to come out roughly?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, that's where -- I think we'd want to follow-up with you on that. I mean, this is going to be a partial year. Clearly, as we've kind of teed up in the past, we recognized it as we bring in sales that only have 50% earnings component that's going to change the outlook in the long run as to what should you see for a percentage operating margin from Grocery, it will lower it a little bit. But in terms of the exact number on that, we can give you what our normalized year will look like and maybe some sense for what the remainder of this year will look like. But I can't really do it on the fly here.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just more color on Jennie-O Turkey Store. You had highlighted the value-added mix and highlighted that it was your promotional and sales efforts on that value-added product. Did you get any benefit that's probably more permanent in terms of your gains and distribution, because Cargill's issued earlier this year. And is that sustainable longer term in terms of the distribution gains? And also, do you have grain hedges that were better than the market that's flowing in, helping those results?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay, I'll let Jody answer the second part. In terms of the first part. I think we probably saw a little bit of benefit from customers who had uncertainty about their supply availability in relation to Cargill's recall last year. We're building franchises for the long term and we're really -- when we have dialogues with customers, we make it pretty clear, we're not looking to be a 3-month fill-in item. There's this significant demand for this product line and we really look for customers who are going to build a program with us. So we think the business that we've added on primarily is a business that should stick with our franchise and should benefit from the fact that we advertise the brand and we promote it very strongly in the marketplace.
Jody H. Feragen: As far as regarding hedges, I would say that in 2011, we had a more aggressive position on our hedges as well as that more favorable prices than we do in 2012. So we actually saw a rise in our overall feed costs for Jennie-O for the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Ramey.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jeff, I'm still trying to get my hands around this Jennie-O Turkey Store result, because it is stunningly good. And I totally viewed last year's first quarter as an outlier, not something that related to low-cost grain last year and difficult to repeat. And you're not giving us a lot of kind of outlier sort of talk about this. I mean, you're verbiage sounds like this is somewhat normal, and that would be awesome news if that's true. But can you just kind of talk through this margin structure, and should we be thinking of just structurally higher margins in Jennie-O going further forward?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Tim, our goal for Jennie-O this year was to have them hold their own as best as they could with a strong year last year. And obviously they're off to a very good start in doing that. We would certainly point out that our 20% operating quarter, just as it was last year, the Q1 and Q4, they're strong quarters, that certainly is not the operating rate that we would anticipate maintaining throughout the year. But we feel they're a combination of the promotions they've done, the cost saving efforts that they have in place, the pricing that they've pushed, et cetera, at this point puts them in a good position to deliver against that goal of holding their own for fiscal 2012. In terms of the long-term, I mean, I think what we've suggested is we do think we've slid the range up, and we do think we've narrowed the range by tightening our bird supplies and making sure we're not a big player in the commodity meat realm of turkey. But clearly, there still is potential -- it's not always going to be exactly on one number. There still is a range of results that could happen at Jennie-O Turkey Store.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Got it. You didn't view this as an outlier number. I think last year, you really did view the first quarter as an outlier number.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The Jennie-O performed probably a little better than we expected for the quarter, so we're pleased with their performance. But I don't see it as something that was a ridiculous outlier.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I just want to ask about the second quarter trends and then maybe some of your commentary. So I understand that there was maybe a little bit higher retailer stockouts during the December, January time period and I just wanted to know if you've heard anything about that from your sales team? And then sort of what have shipments looked like here if you opened the second quarter? And then, also just some clarity on your comments about how you expected the first half of the year to be challenging? I think consensus and I appreciate you don't give quarterly guidance anymore, but I think consensus is looking for earnings to be up on a year-over-year basis. But I guess, is your commentary about the first half of the year being the tougher comps and a little bit tougher, mean that you're looking for your budget says the second quarter's going to be down year-on-year?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: In terms of the first part of your question, we -- I had not heard a lot from our group about retailer stockouts during that period of time. So we wouldn't attribute our results on either direction to that. Clearly, the focus of the sales team within the Grocery area is to get the right mix of features, pricing products to support the advertising that's about to get turned on and to then start getting -- reversing the trend in terms of those results. We're just 3 weeks into the new year. So I really don't -- excuse me, the new quarter. So I really don't have a read for you on that. In terms of one of the other major drivers of results, the pork packing margins that Jody referred to, those are still quite soft right now, and those are numbers that everybody can read and see. In terms of a quarter, I mean, not wanting to sort of fall back into the mode of giving quarterly guidance, I think I can at least say that our expectation for the unit -- for the total business for the quarter would be a flat to slightly up quarter. That's the kind of range of results, I guess, we're looking at for Q2.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then can I just ask on the Foodservice? You're not alone in talking about some near-term strength that you're seeing in the Foodservice channel. Do you attribute that to the weather impact? So people weren't snowbound this year, they were out and about during the holiday time period or do you think that's -- so was it just sort of we got lucky with the weather, or do you think it's a sign that the consumer has improved and we're going to see sort of a more sustainable trend there on Foodservice versus eating at home?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Our group once again was able to outperform the industry, which is certainly one of the goals we have in terms of share within that category. So the industry was up slightly and we certainly did a little bit better than that. I would guess that there had to be some weather effect. I mean, if we're saying that, that went away from some of the centers or sections in retail yet the same amount of meals were eaten ultimately, clearly somebody benefited within the Foodservice segment. I think our team right now would say that they're guardedly optimistic in terms of those volumes holding, probably would have been even more so, except that -- I don't know, everyone's watching a little bit the recent spike in gas prices and what that might do to consumers. But putting that aside, we do feel we have momentum heading into the second quarter in terms of our Foodservice volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Actually, I had a follow-up on, I guess, the explanations on pork margins and why they're weak. I would've thought with exports being strong that, that would be a positive for pork cutouts, and you mentioned that as a negative. And I'm just more curious about what you're seeing in terms of the packing facilities being disciplined. I thought that was a big benefit in fiscal '11, a lot of capacity had come out of the system. Are you seeing any industry capacity coming back in and is that adding to the issue on softer margins?
Jody H. Feragen: I guess I'll take that, Robert. I haven't seen large-scale additions to capacity from a harvest standpoint. But some of that can be impacted by the number of Saturdays that get operated within the industry. And I think that we saw, perhaps, stronger than traditional numbers in the industry for the first quarter, particularly in January. So to me, that drives up the price of the hog. And then the export drives up the price of the components that go into the cutout out, and we call the difference between the 2 the pork operating margin and that's as best as I've been able to understand what's impacting that, and they still remain pretty soft today.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So maybe some extra operating going on, on Saturdays might have impacted it?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It seems that way.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, okay. And just, Jeff, your comment on second quarter being flat to a little bit up, is that for the overall business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, that was company-wide.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And Refrigerated Foods was well below my expectations here on profits, but sales were well above. I guess you attribute it to just really just the pork cutouts. If you strip out the pork cutouts, were things pretty much in line with the year ago on a Refrigerated basis?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, the other thing that hurt us during the quarter was kind of what I was alluding to when I asked the question earlier about going across the franchises. The second piece was in addition to the margin of processing being squeezed, but the absolute value of the primals was higher than we thought, and not just the primals, the trim, et cetera. And so there were cases, particularly within our retail portfolio where we did experience some margin squeeze during the quarter, just because those inputs were higher than what we had anticipated. And in Retail, I mean, the pricing is just slower. I mean, you tend to have to give 60 days notice and honor your features and so forth. Our Foodservice Group did a better job of being very current with the pricing versus these changes in cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson.
Eric J. Larson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I just want to drill down, Jeff, just a little bit more in your turkey margins. I know that maybe it's 12 or 24 months ago, you folks took a much more aggressive cost cutting approach to that business. You did make a big splash of it -- you just mentioned that you did make a big splash, but you didn't quantify necessarily the numbers. But I remember it was a fairly significant program. Is that -- would that be now -- past you, would that be -- starting to be reflected in your margins at Jennie-O? And I know that last year you did not have a market-to-market gain in that 20% margin and it looks like you actually had up-costs this year. So it is a surprising margin and I'm just trying to get a better feel for, i.e., sustainability. It really kind of relates along to Tim Ramey's question.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. On the second part, I mean, we look at cost on a total cost-in basis and that's what the team is seeking to price against and that's when they look to try to manage their whole system in terms of total cost. Then say, okay, netting in your hedge, netting in everything you see with your grain positions and what the current market is, what's it going to take to deliver a decent margin within the business, and the team's done a very good job of that. In terms of timing, I think the impact of most of those efficiency changes that we've been seeing now for 5 quarters. I mean, that they've been in place and the team continues to do a good job of bringing those home. So that definitely was a focus for the group. Probably occurred over a couple-year time frame and is still being executed very well.
Eric J. Larson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then just this next question, which is my last one, it's sort of an odd-ball question. I noticed that you'd mentioned in your press release that Country Crock is still a registered trademark of the Unilever group? I would have thought that you would have gotten that trademark through the acquisition. Does Unilever use the Country Crock trademark internationally or something or what? How come you were not able to secure the trademark for Country Crock when you acquired the business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The Country Crock brand actually had a much more significant presence for Unilever in the margarine segment. And so that business, they are still selling everywhere. So what we have is a transitional agreement. We have the right to continue to use the brand in this category for it's either 3 years or 4 years, somewhere in that ballpark. We're already in the process of transitioning the item. We've added the Hormel brand to it, so it's now Hormel Country Crock. We note from our consumer research that frankly the colors and shape of the product are very -- of the package is very important also. So we have a high degree of confidence that as we phase out of the Country Crock brand, again, we won't miss a beat and the consumers will understand the product. And in a way, it will actually probably help us in the long run because we're selling it right with our Hormel Entrées and so it allows us to promote them with the same brand name. So we're in good shape with that, but we still have -- you'll probably still see the Country Crock on there for at least a little while longer.
Eric J. Larson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, I think I did. I think you actually co-brand Country Crock/Hormel on the package right now. I think that's what I -- I was just curious as to what that arrangement was.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from Christine McCracken.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Sorry for the background noise, I'm here at USDA. I was just curious on your export outlook for pork. If you look at the record numbers we had in 2011, especially with foot and mouth in Korea as the big orders into China in the second half. I'm just curious as you look out at this year and your expectations around pork margins, I'm wondering how should we think about the potential hurdles there? Are you still looking for another record year to top last year? Could there be some additional pressure if things start to slow down a little? It seems like you've mentioned that it's a little softer here to start the year. I'm just curious, how should we think about that?
Jody H. Feragen: Well, I wish I had a crystal ball. We've had extremely strong exports for 2 years, 2 years of record, so record-over-record. Is that sustainable for a third year? They seem to be strong now, but currency has a lot to do with the impact on that. I don't -- I would guess that they'll still be strong, but I would probably suggest that they won't be record and that's just my opinion.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: So with nearly 30% of pork going into export markets, couldn't that put some additional pressure on pricing overall? And then as it relates to your portfolio, how should we factor that in?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, it definitely factors into the overall processing margin in terms of what the primals are worth and the product costs. I mean, the other element for us to point out at Hormel, though, in terms of the kind of sales impact, is we're really not a big player in terms of some of the more primal-oriented export markets in the area of pork. We tend to do more specialty items in those markets. And those have been -- we've grown them, but that's been much more consistent and it's much less susceptible to what the current market is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Mr. Robert Moskow.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a quick reminder, is Don Miguel accretive in the back half of the year to EPS?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes.
Jody H. Feragen: Yes.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: By how much?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We haven't really specified with the different Mexican acquisitions. It's definitely providing a benefit, though, to the overall GP franchise.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Seems like bigger than a pepperoni stick with me or bigger than a...
Jody H. Feragen: I mean, from a sales standpoint, we gave you some color of between $75 million and $85 million that would happen in the back half of the year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: And that -- and we had a pro forma we did the business acquisition on and it's meeting or even slightly exceeding that pro forma. So we're very happy with it.
Operator: Mr. Jones, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue.
Kevin C. Jones: Okay. Thank you all for participating in the call. Please feel free to follow up with me with any follow-up questions. Otherwise, thank you for listening in. And have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for participating. Please disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-11-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin C. Jones - Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jody H. Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Eric J. Larson - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Hormel Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, November 22, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Jones, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin C. Jones: Thank you to Dale. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section.  On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter and the year and our guidance for fiscal 2012. Then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter and the year. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks.  [Operator Instructions] An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, November 22, 2011. The dial-in number is (800) 406-7325, and the access code is 4482517. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 33 through 39 of the company's 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2011 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning, everyone. Bearing in mind that all of the quarterly comparisons were affected by the return to a normal 13-week duration versus last year's 14-week fourth quarter, we are pleased to report solid results. Earnings per share for the fourth quarter were $0.43, down 4% from a year ago on sales of $2.1 billion, up 2% from a year ago. We generated segment profit increases in 4 out of 5 of our operating segments.  Tonnage was down in comparison with last year's 14-week quarter, but we held our own in the face of significant pricing actions. Further impacting this volume comparison was the shift of significant whole bird sales at our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment into earlier quarters. For the full year, earnings per share grew 19% to $1.74 over the U.S. GAAP earnings of $1.46 per share in 2010. Sales reached $7.9 billion for the full year, up 9% from a year ago, with all 5 segments registering gains.  I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products segment contributed nicely to our solid Q4 results, with segment profit up 3% and sales down 2%. For the year, segment operating profit was up 4% and sales were up 2%. Segment profit during the quarter and for the year was adversely impacted by higher raw material cost. Products register and sales gains in the quarter included such stalwarts as our SPAM family of products, Hormel bacon toppings, Dinty Moore beef stew and Hormel Mary Kitchen Hash. Our MegaMex Foods business also contributed to our Grocery Products results and they supported their Herdez, CHI-CHI'S and La Victoria brands with advertising during the quarter. We have also been pleased with how the Wholly Guacamole refrigerated dips and related products have contributed to our growth.  We are encouraged by the progress we are making with the rollout of the new items and packaging for our Hormel Compleats microwave meals. Dollar sales were down a bit on flat volume, but this was largely due to stronger promotional efforts associated with the rollout, not to mention the comparison with the 14-week quarter. Our Refrigerated Foods segment operating profit declined 19%, with sales up 1%. For the full year, operating profit in this segment was up 6% and sales increased 10%. Pork operating margins in the quarter were up against a very difficult comparison, with historically high margins a year ago. Those margins have declined, while pork prices have remained at elevated levels, pressuring the margins of our value-added products. Nonetheless, our meat products group had some sales performance that did solidly in their product portfolio, led by Hormel convenience bacon, Hormel Cure 81 premium hams and Hormel Natural Choice deli meats. We also continued to see growth over our Hormel Country Crock refrigerated sides.  Our Foodservice Group saw growth in its value-added product portfolio, including sales of Hormel Natural Choice deli meats and pizza toppings. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment completed a very strong year with a good quarter. Segment operating profits were up 4% and sales up 2% during the quarter. For the full year, segment operating profit was up 43% and sales increased 12%. Results at Jennie-O in the quarter were driven by the continued growth in value-added sales and efficiencies throughout their supply chain and in their operations. These more than made up for a significantly higher feed costs during the quarter.  Sales increase for Jennie-O and all 3 value-added areas, retail, Foodservice and deli, led by Jennie-O Turkey Store retail tray pack and turkey burgers. Our second Make The Switch advertising campaign helped propel sales of these products.  Our Specialty Foods segment got back on track with a segment profit increase of 12% and a sales increase of 10% in the quarter. Improved mix with higher sales of blended and nutritional products and better sales of canned meats were the primary drivers of the positive results during the quarter. Full year results for Specialty Foods had operating profit down 5% on 7% higher sales, as they were unable to fully address higher raw material costs until later in the year. Pricing taken in the third quarter helped offset those higher costs in the fourth quarter.  Our international All Other segment capped off a very strong year with another good quarter, with segment operating profit of 3% and sales up 12%. Strong fresh pork exports drove the positive results. For the full year, segment operating profit was up 39% and sales were up 26%. As I stated at our Investor Day in June and subsequently, we expect to grow both sales and earnings in fiscal 2012. We are looking for our Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store segments to hold their own, while our Grocery Products, Specialty Foods and international All Other segments will provide the earnings growth. We recognize that we will encounter difficult comparisons in the first half of fiscal 2012 becoming more favorable later in the year. Overall, headwinds to our outlook for 2012 include continued volatile raw material costs, higher grain costs and an anticipated decline in processing margins. We will continue to take strategic and modest price increases where we need them in order to partially offset these higher raw material costs.  On the positive side, we continue to enjoy solid top line momentum with a number of our important value-added franchises. For example, the strong sales growth of our Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray packs and turkey burgers should continue into 2012, fueled by our Make The Switch ad campaign and the trend toward eating more nutritious products. The general wellness movement also lends strength to our Hormel Natural Choice deli meats. With the recent addition of the Wholly Guacamole line of refrigerated products, our Mexican foods portfolio is now well positioned to leverage its scale and our full range of product offerings in this fast-growing category. We look for strong contributions from our Hormel Pepperoni and Party Trays, as snacking occasions continue to be a big part of consumer eating occasions. The Hormel Compleats microwave meal line should benefit from the new packaging and advertising implemented this year. These are just a few of the platforms we believe will contribute to our growth in 2012. After taking into account all of these significant factors, we are setting our fiscal 2012 earnings guidance range at $1.79 to $1.89 per share.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2011.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net earnings for the fiscal 2011 fourth quarter totaled $117.3 million or $0.43 per share compared to $121.1 million or $0.45 per share a year ago. As Jeff stated, the fourth quarter of 2010 included an additional week. Net earnings for the 12 months of fiscal 2011 totaled $474.2 million or $1.74 per share compared to adjusted net earnings of $409 million or $1.51 per share a year ago. GAAP net earnings for the 12 months of fiscal 2010 were $395.6 million or $1.46 per share. A table reconciling our adjusted earnings calculations to earnings calculated under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles was included in our earnings release.  Dollar sales for the fourth quarter totaled $2.1 billion compared to $2.06 billion last year, a 2% increase. For the full year, dollar sales were $7.9 billion, a 9% increase from last year. Volume for the fourth quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, down 7% from fiscal 2010. Year-to-date, volume was 4.8 billion pounds, up 1% from fiscal 2010.  Selling, general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were 7.4% of sales compared to 8.1% last year. Year-to-date, selling, general and administrative expenses were 7.8% of sales compared to 8.4% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be between 7.5% to 8% of sales for next year. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.3 million compared to $7 million last year. Year-to-date, interest expense was $22.7 million, down from $26.6 million last year as lower debt levels and lower interest rates reduced this expense. We expect interest expense to be approximately $12 million to $15 million for 2012. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 34.3% versus 34.8% in fiscal 2010. The year-to-date effective tax rate was 33.3% compared to 36% last year. For fiscal 2012, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 34.5% and 35.5%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year were 265 million and 266 million shares respectively. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year were 270 million and 272 million shares respectively. We repurchased 2.6 million shares of common stock during the fourth quarter, spending $72.3 million. For the full year, we spent $153 million, purchasing 5.5 million shares. We have 3.3 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. We announced a 9% -- a $0.09 per share increase to the annual dividend, making the new dividend $0.60 per share. This represents an 18% increase on top of a 22% increase last year, and marks the 46th consecutive year in which we've increased our dividend rate. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31.2 million compared to $33.5 million last year. For the full year, depreciation and amortization was $124 million compared to $126 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $115 million to $117 million in fiscal 2012. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million compared to $350 million last year. The change was due to the issuance and repayment of notes earlier this year. We invested $61 million in our MegaMex Foods joint venture in the fourth quarter to facilitate the Wholly Guacamole refrigerated dips acquisition.  Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $41 million, up from $26 million last year. For the full year, capital expenditures and property acquisitions totaled $104 million compared to $90 million last year. For fiscal 2012, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $140 million to $150 million.  At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask a question on the Jennie-O Turkey business. Was there -- can you -- was there any benefits from mark-to-market this quarter? And can you just help us frame your expectations for next year, given that it was a record year on sales and margins?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We saw no change in terms of mark-to-market, so that did not affect the results in Q4 at all. In terms of our expectations for next year, the team is doing a great job at overcoming steep cost increases that have been coming at them for several periods now, and will continue to into next year. They've done that in part with efficiency gains in the operation, and in part by pushing pricing in the various value-added segments. I think our advertising campaign for the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand has also helped support value-added sales growth, and we seem to have good momentum heading into next year for -- with those value-added products.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just one follow-up. What kind of increase in grain costs are you expecting next year? I mean, where -- you had some hedging, good hedge positions this year, and there's been a lot of movement in grain cost. Can you help us understand just roughly, magnitude-wise what kind of increase you might be expecting there?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess, I'll probably let Kevin provide a follow-up to you maybe later in terms of any additional specificity. But clearly, we've said for the last several years that we're actively involved in hedge programs on our material grains for the major operations at Jennie-O. We've guided to between a 25% and 75% coverage range. We did say last year, for 2011, we were on the upper end of that range. Heading into 2012, we're kind of right in the middle of that range. But in terms of specific cost differences, we'll kind of have to do that on a follow-up basis.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jeff, I was just wondering where are you in terms of pricing through the raw materials? Are you pretty much caught up? Or is there more to go and then the kind of demand response you're seeing? And also if you could talk about the most points of pressure in terms of raw material costs.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. In terms of pricing in general, I think our refrigerated operations had been in pretty good shape as had grocery. What has been a little bit unexpected is the level at which some of those raw material inputs have stayed this fall. And so the teams are continuing to assess whether they have the right pricing in the marketplace to fully cover down those costs, and that will continue to be a challenge for them as they head into the beginning part of next year. The Jennie-O Turkey Store team, I think, has done a good job of trying to stay ahead in terms of pricing against their cost input, so they still have a little bit more coming as well. In terms of demand reaction, this is the -- we kind of view this quarter when all said and done has been fairly flat in terms of volumes. Obviously, reported volumes are lower than that. But when you net out the comparison just roughly, we're looking at a kind of flat quarter. And that's the second quarter in a row when the volumes have been flat. These have both been quarters where we had to take significant pricing, and so holding the line in terms of those volumes has been important to us. Clearly, in the long run, we're looking to grow volumes of our value-added franchises. But as long as we continue to be in this kind of pricing environment, you'll -- we'll continue to see more larger net sales increases than you'll see volume increases.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then just the pressure points in terms of raw materials, is it trim costs? Is it manufacturing fees? What are the things we should be watching?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, and yes. You had 2 of them that have been certainly in our attention. Beef costs, certainly, have been a challenge for some of the value-added meal based items that utilize beef for both our Meat Products and Grocery Products groups. And then trim certainly is an important factor for SPAM, for our dry sausage items and those have been at elevated levels through the fall here.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just on the rollout of Compleats, you talked about it being on the shelf now, but didn't see any -- it didn't appear to have a significant contribution in the quarter. I'm just curious if you're happy, thus far, with takeaway. I know it's early days, but maybe just an early read on that, and whether or not you've put any marketing dollars behind that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, I'm actually pretty happy with it. We had an up quarter, a clean-up quarter in the third quarter. For fourth quarter volumes were actually flat, but again, as you compare it, that was on a 13-week versus 14. So that was encouraging in terms of the volume signs. We have had an advertising effort against it, and indeed have now created a new ad campaign for the 3 major Hormel-featured items heading into 2012, so that will be Compleats, Natural Choice and Pepperoni. And then in addition, we unveiled a new label design at Investor Day in June, and have certainly been diligent at selling it into the retailers and getting into the market. And my observations are that on shelf, it's still maybe in about half the accounts. I mean, it takes a while to work through inventory. So we expect to have continued benefit as that new design and the new varieties are more readily available on shelf in 2012.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And then just in terms of price points, as a follow-up, historically, I think this is viewed almost as a premium product. Is it getting the takeaway in this economic environment that you'd expect? Or if things maybe improved a little bit, would you expect a little better velocity?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess, we view Compleats more as a mainstream product line as opposed to a premium product, but I guess that's in the eye of the beholder somewhat. We have experienced since the recession hit, a little bit of a downturn initially in the business and now more of a leveling off and starting to grow slowly again, so it does. I think single-serve convenience items certainly were something that seem to be impacted by the recession. And so if we all end up coming out of that, we do expect that to be a further tailwind in terms of being able to grow that item.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I'm going to ask you a question about pricing within your Grocery Products segment. Because if I look at your results, if I make an adjustment and I appreciate I may be making some assumptions here that are incorrect, but if I make an adjustment for last year's quarter to exclude the extra week, and then compare it with what the number you posted this morning, it looks like your revenue within Grocery Products was up around 5.5%, which is not atypical with what you did in the third quarter when your revenue in the Grocery Products segment, which was up 4.5%. So is that kind of what you saw in Grocery Products? And then, I guess, if you could comment on what the mix is between pricing and volume within that segment.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Our read is similar to what you just described, Diane, in terms of how we're seeing those volumes. And then as we head into 2012, I mean, we do feel the grocery division has several solid initiatives that should allow it to continue to grow top line. It will be the 75th anniversary of SPAM. We'll have new advertising creative to help support that product line, and it has good momentum heading into the new year. But we do expect growth out of Compleats and then MegaMex, as we continue to add to that franchise, has had good experience in terms of growing our sales, and we expect to see that continuing going forward.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. But, I guess, the question here is really you didn't begin pricing in Grocery Products until the third quarter, so certainly, I would expect your first and second quarter, you should see some pretty nice benefit year-on-year in terms of pricing before you overlap what you did last year. And then obviously, if prices -- input prices stay high, you may have incremental pricing that you take within Grocery Products. Is that what you're working on now?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, that was, I guess, what I was referring to earlier was that we seem to be at component levels of certain of the raw materials, and we talked about beef and trim being a couple of them that are higher, quite a bit higher than historical rates, quite a bit higher than the normal seasonal trend. And so that's what we have to assess here is that are we just getting a kind of a hangover effect from pricing from the earlier part of the year, or is this establishing some sort of new norm for what these costs are going to be and, therefore, what we need to consider what our pricing should be accordingly.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then as you've moved pricing into the retail environment, what has been the reaction from the retailers? Are they accepting of that? Because obviously, they're seeing it in every aisle. But some categories, I'm sure they're probably more accepting than others. If you could just comment on -- or even maybe the channel mix, what the reaction at the retail level has been.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, we have to work very closely with our retail partners in determining the appropriate price for the item. I mean, clearly, we are still dealing with pressured consumers. The key measure to us is takeaway ultimately. If our franchises continue to grow, or at least in the short run, if we see some flattening, but not declines, we're satisfied with that as long as we see the other end of it and start seeing the growth coming. When you look at a lot of our franchises over the course of the year, we have a lot of franchises, not just in Grocery Products, but in our -- in the grocery store period that experienced very solid growth. So overall, I think we have that credibility with the retail partner that we're measuring the right mix of advertising, promotion, shelf price, et cetera, to keep these items healthy and to make their consumers are reacting to them.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Farmer with Jefferies & Company.
Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I think this is the fifth quarter in a row you've called out supply-chain efficiencies for the Jennie-O segment. So, I guess, my question is, how much runway do you have left going into FY '12?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean, each year, they're looking at aspects of their operation both on the farm side and in the plant operations, where they think they can continue to attain efficiencies. I think we've given you sort of a general guidance for next year that we're looking at somewhat of a flat year for Jennie-O Turkey Store. And when you compare that to the large increases in that results that you've seen for the last 2 years, that certainly does show that our expectations of being able to generate those kind of huge savings are probably less in 2012. But we do think the team will continue to be able to show, at least, something in that regard.
Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you might have touched on this, but you've seen 2 quarters of falling Jennie-O volumes even when you sort of adjust for the 13 week to a 13-week basis. What's your volume growth expectation for that segment heading into FY '12?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Jennie-O is always a tricky read for volumes because you max -- you mix in the macro trends and what are our bird numbers and then what are the value-added volumes. We are saying for 2012, we're going to continue to run a tight operation, with feed costs being where they're at. We want to make sure we have the right amount of meat to support our value-added businesses, but not a lot more. And so total volumes for Jennie-O, you'll see next year, as we report each quarter, may well be down to flat to down somewhat. But we always -- we'll also let you know what the value-added trend has been. And as was mentioned on today's call, our value-added trend was still positive. We saw growth in retail, deli and Foodservice. And so our expectation for next year is that they'll continue to grow net sales on a value-added basis, probably on small volume increases there. But the total volume of Jennie-O Turkey Store in a given quarter may well be down based on those macro conditions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just was curious if you could comment on -- you mentioned that some of the upside you guys have had in Refrigerated Foods in Jennie-O's giving you a bit more flexibility to invest back in your Grocery Products brands, while some other food companies were struggling. Can you give us any measures whether it be market share trend? Or even just anecdotally what you're seeing in the marketplace that reflect kind of the fruits of this benefit?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, in many ways, the Jennie-O benefits of the efficiencies, we've frankly reinvested in Jennie-O. I mean, we've been able to support very significant advertising campaigns the last 2 falls in a row. Within the Hormel part of the portfolio, I mean, really, we really have done less of kind of trying to take it from refrigerated and invest in grocery, and more just looking at the Hormel brand as a whole and, of course, it does go over both segments. I know we had -- so the Compleats items or in other years, Hormel Chili would be items we support for the Hormel brand in the grocery division, and our Pepperoni and Natural Choice and in other years, refrigerated entrées or Hormel items within refrigerated. The overall Nielsen trends in our items, especially when we look at them over the course of the totality in 2011, are favorable. We're very pleased with the kind of growth we're seeing. As we've said before, I mean, our items are still, relatively speaking, low household-penetration items with relatively low-buy rates. And so we can create improvements such as what we've generated in 2011 with fairly incremental gains. And we're confident the team can continue to deliver those.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then to clarify on your outlook for next year, you talked about Jennie-O and Refrigerated Foods essentially holding their own. Does that imply flattish profits year-over-year?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: That's the range we're looking at.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So if we're talking about tough comps for the hog cutout, what does that imply in terms of your expectation for the balance of the Refrigerated Foods business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, first of all, the cutouts will be a part of what we've also talked about in terms of timing of results for 2012. I mean, our first quarter last year, as everyone will recall, was a blowout quarter, highest quarter we've ever had, and one of the major contributors to that were the exceptionally high cutout margins enjoyed by Refrigerated Foods. We don't look for that to repeat here in 2012. Beyond that, I mean, it still does get back ultimately to growing those value-added franchises. And we think refrigerated, with both its retail aspect and its Foodservice aspect, should be able to steadily do that.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly just a quick clarification, you mentioned something about the pull forward of sales of whole birds for Thanksgiving. Can you just give a little more color on that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Really, whole bird sales are highly dependent on what the customer wants in terms of when they take deliveries for frozen turkeys. Now fresh -- there's a small segment of the market that's fresh. Those are processed in our plant within 3 to 4 weeks of the Thanksgiving season, and those are not pulled forward. They're a very reliable sale during the month of November, but frozen sales can be delivered anytime from January, February of the prior year, all the way up until just prior to the holiday. And that, really, we do that in partnership with the retailer. They can take it either way they -- and this year, we just ended up having more wanting to take them earlier, and so we did reflect some of those sales earlier in the year in 2011. Too early to tell how 2012 will play out on a year-over-year basis. We started having those discussions with the retailer in about February or March of the ensuing year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tim Ramey with D.A. Davidson & Company.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: If you're prone to worry, as I sometimes am, I think about the really great corn hedge position that Jody delivered last year early in the year. And then if we kind of think of you being 50% bought forward, we might have relatively high corn costs relative to cash early in the year. And I think that's what you're alluding to in your prepared remarks. Is there any risk that we see pricing pressure in the Jennie-O business in kind of the more commodity side of it as maybe people who operate on the cash market have more favorable cost position than your hedge position?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: In the aggregate, our hedge positions for 2012 are perfectly favorable to the current cash market. It certainly won't provide the major benefit that our hedge positions provided in 2011, but we're not ahead of the cash market right now.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, so that's helpful. And then as I think about your CapEx budget, did you tell us what the big uptick was in CapEx for '12 versus '11? If so, I apologize I missed it.
Jody H. Feragen: I don't think we mentioned anything specific, Tim. But certainly, we've had 2 years before this, where we've been -- we were cautious at the beginning of 2010. And we didn't get our spending up to the levels we thought, and we worked hard on that in 2011. But it takes time to get some of these large projects going. So I have a significant amount of projects that have started in 2011 that will be completed and capitalized in 2012, plus a couple other good projects related to some exciting new products that we hope to introduce next year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First, a question on Refrigerated Foods, Jeff, could you just provide some color on how your Foodservice sales are faring and price competition in packaged foods, packaged meats?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure, our Foodservice team, well, one of the measures we really study internally is how they're doing against their industry, and they just continue to generate solid results on that kind of a comparison. That being said, I mean, we started 2011 with some optimism, and things were -- there were some momentum building in terms of true volume gains early in the year, and then those kind of screeched to a halt in the total industry when gas prices started to go up in the spring, and so -- and it's been a choppy and tougher year since then. They ended up still showing some nice growth, especially of their higher-end items, the more highly value-added items, such as AUSTIN BLUES and Café H and Natural Choice, and those continue to be an area of emphasis for them. They continue to do an excellent job at not only serving the commercial trade within the restaurant world, but also a lot of the noncommercial vendors, and are growing their business there as well. In terms of price competition, it really is all over the board. It kind of depends on how differentiated the items are. Clearly, some of those market-based items within Refrigerated Foods, the bacons and the hams, those are price-competitive categories, but they have -- those prices have been going up a lot this year because the inputs are such a huge portion of the overall product cost, and everybody's facing those input pressures. But when you get into the more differentiated items, then you really -- frankly, you're pricing against the consumer. Thus, you need to make sure you're getting the right level to sustain your volumes against your following for that type of item, and it's less what the competition has had.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And a differentiated item would be your pepperoni?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure, party trays, the Compleats, those kind of items.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then could you just provide some color on the M&A landscape and your priorities for cash? So far, you've been doing mostly small tack-on acquisitions. Anything in larger scale and is there a particular international market that you're focusing on?
Jody H. Feragen: Farha, obviously, we don't have anything to announce today, so our priorities continue to be the same as I discussed with a previous question on CapEx. We're looking to do some internal investment. And I think there's some excitement around some of the projects we have going in there. I believe we've stated that our priorities are to invest in our business and that's part of it, investing in CapEx, but also looking at acquisitions, and we'll announce those as they come. But we also have done a nice job of returning to our shareholders with our dividend increase this year and last year, coupled with our nice share repurchase this year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And -- but any international markets or mostly domestic-focused?
Jody H. Feragen: I think we are looking globally for opportunities. And as Jeff has stated in previous presentations, it seems to make sense that the Asia-Pac area would have particular attractiveness to us.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I want to know if you had quantified where you think maybe just industry packing margins were a year ago in first quarter, and where you think they are today, so that we can get a better set sense of -- your first quarter is going to be a really tough comp in Refrigerated Foods, and we want to make sure we're setting it up the right way.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, if I look at just the spread between the USDA pork cutout and the Western Cornbelt for averages for what would be our first quarter, they were in the mid-to-low teens last year against the 5-year average that would be $5 to $8.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Got it, okay. And then also, Jody, can you give us the number for CapEx spending this year? You kind of...
Jody H. Feragen: Yes, I just did, the $140 million to $150 million.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, so it's $140 million, so it will be up. And what about spending on MegaMex?
Jody H. Feragen: We haven't included any specific projects in there because that wouldn't show up in our capital expenditures. That just shows up as an investment in our MegaMex business. But I think there is some opportunity to make some further investments there, even with the franchises that we currently have.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, because I'm looking at your cash flow statement, it says $95 million increased investments, equity affiliates for 2010...
Jody H. Feragen: Right, that was the investment in Fresherized Foods that each partner put into the joint venture.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, then $51 million in fiscal '11...
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's '10. '10 was Don Miguel, and then '11 was...
Jody H. Feragen: Don Miguel, yes, and setting up for MegaMex venture.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So fiscal '12, is it going to be similar to fiscal '11 around $51 million again? Or is it 0 or where do we think we are?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, the acquisition has been fully reflected now for Fresherized. So we have no new acquisitions to announce at this point, whether there could be other investments in the business to grow, and that certainly could happen, but it's unlikely at this stage to be at those kind of levels, absent a new acquisition.
Jody H. Feragen: Cash flow generation.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: If the acquisitions are in a different line in the cash flow statement, what I'm really wondering...
Jody H. Feragen: No, for investments that MegaMex make, it will show up in that investments line versus acquisitions because we are not the acquirer. It's the joint venture that's making an acquisition. You probably got to look at both lines, I guess.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right, I think I'm on the same page. So $51 million in fiscal '11 this year, fiscal '12, maybe down a little bit from there? Or right around there or it's unclear?
Jody H. Feragen: We don't budget for acquisitions. We just enjoy them as they happen.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: In your CapEx, can you break it down into what you consider cost-cutting measures kind of what -- I think, you would be doing the turkey business more versus growth initiatives. And can you define on what you think the return on invested capital would be outside of maintenance CapEx?
Jody H. Feragen: Boy, I can't do that in my head.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, that's...
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'm just trying to figure out like you guys, obviously, delivered a good year, but I think the longer-term and figuring out what type of returns you had on some of this money going forward, and how you guys think about it beyond that? And again, I'm just trying to put some sort of stuck in the envelope type of math thing, whatever you can help me on in thinking about that will be great.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess, we -- I can probably provide you a little more of a narrative than what's the math. Clearly, in a business such as ours, we're always going to be spending money to support our plants to make sure they're state-of-the-art modern facilities. We do find ourselves in a position where we need to make investments periodically related to food safety, our employee safety that clearly will not have the financial returns that we would hold our other investments to. We sometimes have made additions to facilities in general. We did that to Dan's Prize. We did it to Jennie-O, and we did in Rochelle not too long ago. Clearly, we added the Dubuque [ph] plant not too long ago. And then Jody alluded to -- regardless of bricks and mortar, there are times that even within our current plant facilities, you end up having to make a fairly major expenditure just on a new and unique product line. In all of these latter examples I'm giving you though, we certainly would require our units to provide adequate cost of capital returns to our shareholders. And I think, over time, we've done a good job of doing that. So it's kind of a blend. This year's step-up in CapEx is really much more a product of what Jody mentioned, which is sort of a carryover just from a coincidental timing basis of a number of initiatives that got started in '11 rather than any one particular project that we can point to or a philosophy that's saying now, "Oh, we're not going to step-up to the 150 level on a regular basis." We've been kind of more at that 100 level, and that's probably more normal level for us.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But is there a way of the 140 to 150, is there at least a general breakdown of look, maintenance is going to be this, the cost savings initiatives are this and then the growth initiatives are this is 1/3, 1/3, 1/3? Just again, not exactly an exact number, but just some sort of guideline?
Jody H. Feragen: Let me have Kevin get back to you on that comment because I don't have that information in front of me to even give you these legs.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then just a follow-up, which hopefully ties to this is, how much of the turkey infrastructure costs are you saving? I think, obviously, everybody's talking about the corn and the feed costs going up, but is there a way to think about on an ongoing basis, what -- how much should we continue to cut on a cost basis and read you here the operation there? And how long will it take you to get to that level?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: In terms of specific targets for our teams, one of the commissions that we really not just ask Jennie-O but we ask all our teams to do, is to find efficiency gains within their facilities that offset as much of the plant-based inflation as possible. So obviously, wages tend to go up, benefit costs tend to go up, but our teams have been a very good job of making sure that our total operating cost are not going up at that level. But in terms of getting more specific to that, on Jennie-O, I'd have a hard time doing that right now.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Are you close to -- because it seems like you've done more than just offset the costs. I mean, to me, it seems like you're actually doing -- on complicating the dynamics of these, of how it works and it seems like this is a ongoing process that can take 1, 2 or 3 more years or are you there? Just trying to get some sort of flavor for -- it just seems like you're doing a good effort. I'm actually trying to ask somewhat of a positive question. I'm just...
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay, sure. No, I understand. I guess, similar answer to what I made -- said earlier about, I think, you can maybe gain something out of our guidance for Jennie-O for this year that we do think there's perhaps a little bit of a slowdown in the opportunities on the cost side to keep making those large gains that we are able to do over the last couple of years, doesn't mean we're not going to still find other incremental opportunities. In the long run though, Jennie-O, the Jennie-O story will be driven by value-added sales. It will be -- it's still a protein that is quite underutilized that on an aggregate-protein basis has been flat for 20 years. But clearly, if you look at our growth, we found value-added niche items that are connecting with consumers. But they're still at very low household penetration rate levels. Our ad campaign seems to be increasing those and in the long run, that's what's going to be the driver for Jennie-O for years to come.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jon Feeney with Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about on the turkey supply chain, it strikes me that, historically, when you look over the sweep of history, the business has averaged 8%, 8.5% type operating margins up and down. Part of what's caused significantly better results over the past 12 and 18 months has been certainly brilliant hedging and some very good market conditions and an unusual amount of discipline in turkey supply. But then part of it is stuff that only you can control, which are taking out the permanent supply chain and costs, and it seems like mixing the business to better margins. So I guess what I'm trying to understand how much has that midpoint average, whatnot, margin for Jennie-O improved? Like is this is now an average 10%, 10.5% margin? Is it higher than that? I'm talking over the next 5 years, what do you think is -- how much has that margin improved specifically?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess, I'd be hard-pressed giving you an exact number to it, though I definitely would agree with the conception that we've hopefully moved that average up. And the other thing we really tried to do by keeping our supplies as tight as we have is to narrow the range of possible outcomes. I mean, in some of these years with higher commodity markets, I mean, we frankly probably could make even more money in those years by having surplus commodity meat. But we've seen the opposite effect of it in the years, where they're plus favorable. And overall, we want to keep our team focused that you're raising turkeys to create value-added food items, and so that's still the game plan for 2012. We're keeping it tight based on the high grain inputs that we're seeing going forward. And the general industry in turkey seems to have maintained a decent discipline. But obviously, we're just one player in that, and others have to make their own decisions, but -- so overall, I do feel we've moved the average up. I guess, at this time, I don't have a new specific number to give you, but -- and hopefully, we've tightened that range.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Why is the turkey industry showing so much discipline?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Again, it's one player at a time. It's an industry, the dynamic. There's 3 kind of larger players, and then there are a lot of other players in various parts of the segment, some more vertically oriented, some more based on the value-added items. So I can't tell you in general as to what the specific answer as to why it seems to, for example, be a little bit differently than, say, the chicken industry has. The products are different. I mean, in terms of how they behave in the marketplace, absent Thanksgiving, turkey is not a footballed item. It's not the hot feature in the grocery store. It's the Steady Eddie performer that has a certain niche following that like the items. And so we're not -- we're never going to be the lead item in the ad, but it has a good stable following. And maybe that supports the outlook of how the different players will get their supply sides. I don't know for everyone else.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Right. And just a detailed question for Jody. I know the K's not out yet, but the -- what -- can you tell us what role inventory valuation played in the quarter? I know it played a role last quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: Yes, and that was part of what impacted our general corporate expense if you look at it on a segment level. Traditionally, you think about that inventory reserve moving, increasing when pork operating margins are higher, decreases as pork operating margins decline. So we had less of a reserve this quarter and last quarter because pork operating margins were declining vis-à-vis the prior year.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, so you have less of a reserve this quarter sequentially from the third quarter as well?
Jody H. Feragen: Right, not -- it's probably more flat to the third quarter, but both versus the prior year, yes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport & Company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just wondering if you'd comment on consumer purchase patterns or behavior during the quarter and what you're seeing as you go into calendar '12 for like consumer purchases behavior, what Hormel needs to do to address those patterns.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Ann, from our perspective, they've remained fairly favorable. I mean, our 3 major areas in terms of the consumer items within our total portfolio would be Grocery Products, the Meat Products, part of Refrigerated and Jennie-O Turkey Store. And when I look at their focus items, we have a lot more items that are gaining share and are gaining volume than we have that are flat or declining. So again, I think our team has a pretty good recipe right now for where they're putting their pricing, where they're doing their promoting and what the advertising support that we're giving the items. The advertising focus for the past year was clearly on both the Hormel brand and Jennie-O Turkey Store. For 2012, we'll be adding a campaign that involves SPAM luncheon meat as well, and so we think Grocery Products will benefit from that. And then the MegaMex group also has advertised their major brands, and those continue to gain slottings in the stores.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then within Grocery Products, can you get to the -- or can you stay at this mid-teens to high-teens margin range for fiscal '12?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We've talked before. The caveat I have to give you, Ann, is we're still kind of sorting through how we're going to handle in the long run these items that we're adding to the MegaMex portfolio. So, for example, thus far, Don Miguel and Fresherized show up on the equity and earnings line, but the sales are not in our sales numbers. That's different than the rest of MegaMex. As we integrate those items in, we may have to reassess that. And so if they do get integrated in on a percentage basis, that would lower our targets in terms of what grocery would deliver. If everything stayed the same, we would expect to sort of incrementally improve our results of Grocery Products from the level they were at in 2011, but it may not all stay the same.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Eric Larson with Ticonderoga Securities.
Eric J. Larson - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: There's been a lot of discussion on pricing this morning, and I know it's a very uncomfortable place for everybody to go. And this is just a very general question, maybe it's more specifically can be answered for the Grocery Products area. But when you look at your pricing strategies or maybe you can maybe just give me what your pricing results have been, do you try to protect your dollar profits? Or do you try to protect your percentage margin?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess of the 2, we tend to focus a little bit more on the dollar side. But again, it really does vary by the different categories. I mean, the retail consumer items are the ones that tend to move more slowly that you have to give a certain notice to the retailer that we really want to observe what you have -- on the plus side, you have better data, you have the Nielsen data and so forth to really show you what the sales trends are. At the other end of the spectrum are the items that are much more market-based, whole turkeys, hams, bacon, et cetera. Those move quickly. There, again, you're just -- you're kind of trying to preserve, I would say, your dollar margin as best you can against what the cost inputs are. And then within the foodservice trade, it's much more customer-specific. Some are on matrixes. Some of them have certain notice requirements. But again, they're moving periodically to try to preserve a certain target margin range.
Eric J. Larson - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. So with that as a comment, I mean, you could see more movement in your gross profit margin percentage-wise than -- and that would be a typical -- that would be something typically that we should we expect as analysts.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, it's probably an item that we hone in on maybe a little less. I mean, you know what you're trying to ultimately bring home in dollars. You see what kind of pressures you're under in terms of costs and what that does to price, and the rest falls out in between there.
Eric J. Larson - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. Then just the last follow-up question is I continue to see a lot of your advertising for Jennie-O in your -- in those turkey burger, those campaigns that you have going out, where you stop in a certain city, and you feed everybody turkey burgers and show them the quality and the taste profile of those products. And it seems to me that, that would have -- should have very positive impacts on your volume growth on your prepared turkey burger business. Do you have any results that you can share with us on that? I mean, what -- I think you did a little bit in the last quarter. I think you had very strong volume growth in Q3. And I think you mentioned that, specifically, is one of the factors. Is that continuing?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We really -- we've been able to do this Make The Switch campaign starting in Q3, Q4 of last year, and then it was off air for a while, and then it is back on again in Q3, Q4 this year. We've seen sustained volume trends on both turkey burgers and fresh tray pack that have been in the burgers' case, solid double-digit and fresh tray pack ranging from high single digit to low double digit. So we're very pleased with that. It seems to also have this kind of spillover effect we're looking to have on our other branded items that the whole concept of making the switch for health reasons to turkey isn't limited to burgers. We think that's a good carrier item. But clearly -- and then, I think -- frankly, I think the team did a really wonderful job of branding the spot. I think I might have mentioned at past conferences that our early efforts to really steer people on a healthful basis towards Jennie-O, I think, were good in terms of their message, but they weren't necessarily strongly associated with the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand. These new ads do a much better job of driving the brand as we've shown much enhanced awareness numbers for the brand.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I just want -- this one's probably for Jody. Just in terms of divisional EBIT, what are your expectations for growth there? And if you could comment on the growth by division, that will be great too. I know you mentioned that Jennie-O Turkey, you expect flat growth or flat profits next year. But any color there would be very helpful because there's a lot of moving parts below the line.
Jody H. Feragen: Right, and Akshay, you're asking for directions that I don't have to give you, and I would suggest you follow up with Kevin.
Kevin C. Jones: Operator, I think that's it for the questions. At this time, I'd like to thank everybody for listening in and the analysts for the good questions, and we wish everybody a happy Thanksgiving. If Tim Ramey is still in the line, he may have a line recommendation to pair with turkey. He's probably not on the line any longer. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-08-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Jody Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director Kevin Jones - Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG Eric Larson - Ticonderoga Securities LLC Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. Mark Williams - Clarion Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Thursday, August 25, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Kevin Jones. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin Jones: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2011. We released our results this morning before the market opened, around 6:30 a.m. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section.  On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter, then Jody will provide detailed financial results. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts with questions, please limit your questions to 1 question and 1 follow-up. If you have further questions, you can get back into the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, August 25, 2011. The dial in number is (800) 406-7325, and the access code is 4457047. It will also be posted to our website and archived for 1 year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors on Pages 33 through 39 in the company's 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 2011, which was filed with the SEC on June 10, 2011, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another solid quarter in terms of both earnings and sales. Earnings for the third quarter were $0.36 per share, up 13% from the $0.32 per share we achieved a year ago. Total dollar sales of $1.9 billion were up 10% over a year-ago, and we were again able to register sales gains in all 5 segments.  This quarter once again demonstrated the benefit of our balanced business model as the strong performance by our Grocery Products, Jennie-O Turkey Store and All Other segments offset the softer results from our Refrigerated Foods and Specialty Foods segments.  I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products segment reported an operating profit increase of 19% on a dollar sales increase of 4%. We generated solid sales growth from our SPAM family of products and Hormel Mary Kitchen Hash, and we were also pleased to see some nice growth by our Hormel Compleats microwave meals during the quarter. Sales of our Mexican food products continued to grow as our MegaMex food business contributed positively to our overall results.  The recently closed acquisition of Fresherized Food by our MegaMex Food joint venture adds an important component to our Mexican food portfolio. Guacamole is a rapidly expanding category as consumers increasingly use these products in sandwiches in addition to their use in a dip. The Fresherized Foods guacamole products are sold under the Wholly Guacamole brand, and they are sold in both the retail and food service trade channels. The products are processed using high-pressure pasteurization, the same technology we use for some of our refrigerated meat products such as Hormel party trays and Hormel Natural Choice deli meats.  Annual sales of Fresherized Foods are about $140 million. As with our Don Miguel products, these sales will not be reflected in our Grocery Products segment results. We look forward to the additional growth opportunities provided by this newest addition to MegaMex Foods.  Segment operating profit for our Refrigerated Foods segment declined by 12%, hindered by lower pork operating margins versus last year's historically high margins. Sales increased 10%. On the retail side, we enjoyed strong sales of Hormel pepperoni, bacon and party trays, Hormel Natural Choice deli products and Hormel Country Crock side dishes. The food service trade remains choppy. However, sales of branded products such as Natural Choice deli meats, AUSTIN BLUES BBQ products and Café H ethnic products grew during the quarter.  Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment had another good quarter, with segment operating profit up 14% and sales up 11%. Continued strong sales of value-added products, increased efficiencies and higher commodity meat prices more than offset higher grain prices during the quarter. Sales increased for Jennie-O in all 3 value-added areas: retail, food service and deli, led by Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray pack, turkey burgers, turkey franks and turkey bacon.  Segment operating profit at our Specialty Foods segment declined 8% on a net sales increase of 11%. Segment profit results were hurt primarily by elevated raw material costs, which were higher than anticipated during the quarter. Sales of private label canned meats, sugar, nutritional products and blended products all grew during the quarter.  Our International All Other segment had another strong quarter, with segment operating profit up 67% on a sales increase of 35%. Results were aided by strong export of fresh pork and improved results by our joint ventures in the Philippines, Vietnam and Okinawa. Looking forward, we anticipate seasonally lower hog costs as we get into late summer and fall. We expect pork operating margins to remain higher than historical levels, but lower than a year ago during the fourth quarter.  The turkey industry remains in good balance, and we expect that status to continue. However, Jennie-O Turkey Store's margins will be impacted as we cycle in higher grain costs. Our brands are a big part of our success in growing our value-added portfolio, and we will continue to invest in those brands. For example, we were supporting the new design and varieties of our Compleats product line, with focused marketing and advertising. And we will continue to support our other Hormel branded products as part of the Life Better Served Hormel brand advertising campaign. We have also resumed our Make The Switch marketing campaign for Jennie-O Turkey Store turkey burgers this summer and fall, featuring new TV ads. Given our results in the third quarter, we are again raising our full-year guidance range to $1.70 to $1.75 per share from $1.67 to $1.73 per share.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the third quarter.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning. For the third quarter of 2011, net earnings totaled $98.5 million or $0.36 per share compared to $85.4 million or $0.32 per share a year ago. Our current quarter earnings benefited from a lower effective tax rate, lower corporate expenses and lower interest charges.  Net earnings for the 9 months of fiscal 2011 totaled $356.9 million or $1.31 per share compared to adjusted net earnings of $287.8 million or $1.06 per share a year ago. GAAP net earnings for the 9 months of fiscal 2010 were $274.4 million or $1.01 per share. A table reconciling our adjusted earnings calculations to earnings calculated under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles was included in our earnings release.  Dollar sales for the third quarter totaled $1.9 billion compared to $1.7 billion last year, a 10% increase. For the 9 months, dollar sales increased 12% to $5.8 billion. Volume for the third quarter was 1.1 billion pounds, flat to fiscal 2010. Year-to-date volume was 3.6 billion, up 4% from fiscal 2010. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were 8.2% of sales compared to 8.5% last year. Year-to-date, selling, general and administrative expenses were 8% compared to 8.5% of sales last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be approximately 8% of sales for the full year.  Interest expense for the quarter was $5.6 million compared to $6.5 million last year, as lower debt levels and lower interest rates reduced this expense. Year-to-date, interest expense was $19.4 million compared to $19.6 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $22 million to $23 million for our full fiscal 2011. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 29.3% versus 35.8% in fiscal 2010. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2011 was favorably impacted by the resolution of tax matters with various federal and state tax jurisdictions. These matters also impacted the year-to-date rates with the effective tax rate of 33% for our fiscal 2011 compared to 36.5% last year. As you recall, our 2010 year-to-date effective tax rate was higher due to the change in tax treatment of Medicare Part D subsidy. For fiscal 2011, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 33% and 34%. Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 276 million -- 267 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 273 million shares. We repurchased 1.6 million shares of common stock during the third quarter, and we have 6 million shares remaining to be purchased from the 10 million share authorization in place. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $30.6 million, flat to last year. For the 9 months of the year, depreciation and amortization was $92.9 million compared to $92.1 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 million for the full year. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million compared to $350 million last year. The change was due to the issuance and repayment of notes earlier this year. Capital expenditures and property acquisitions for the quarter totaled $20 million compared to $24 million last year. For the 9 months of the year, capital expenditures and property acquisitions totaled $63 million compared to $64 million last year. For fiscal 2011, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $85 million to $95 million.  At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Farha Aslam.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Jeff, you've implemented a significant amount of price increases across your portfolio and might have to implement more given where grain prices are. Could you give us some color in terms of how consumers have reacted, which products have outperformed your expectations in terms of volumes and where you're seeing some pressure?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Overall, the reaction to the price increases has been reasonable from our perspective. As you pointed out, we have taken them throughout all the different business segments and throughout most of the portfolio. As we've talked about before, if we had items that we were not enjoying the kind of volume increases that we're looking to achieve, then in those cases, we've been slower to take pricing. But overall, most of the portfolio has been impacted. The reaction thus far from consumers has been positive from our perspective. Clearly, our volumes this quarter in terms of being flat in some of the segments shows a little bit of a slowdown in reaction to some of those price increases. But we're satisfied if we can hold the line there and continue to generate the net sales increase for both mix and pricing that we can continue to drive the kind of top line growth we're looking to drive. I can't really comment on which ones surprised us, but we did point out a number of franchises that enjoyed solid both volume and net sales growth in various parts of our business, including SPAM and the MegaMex products and Compleats from Grocery Products, pepperoni, bacon and party trays from the meat products group, Natural Choice deli and Austin Blues from food service, and then fresh tray pack burgers and franks from the Jennie-O Turkey Store branded offering.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then just my 1 follow-up would be on the Jennie-O Turkey Store. That business has seen some very volatile margins. Over time, you had historically said that you expect that business to deliver kind of 8% to 10% normalized margins, and then I think you've said that's about the 10% to 12%. Kind of if you had to describe a normalized level of margins for that business, where would you put that? Or even maybe discuss it in penny [ph] profits. How should we think about that business?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I mean, I think we're certainly driving to try to have that business be more in that, say, 10% to 12% range, and clearly as we finish out this year, we'll probably be at the upper end of that range. And then over time, we've also tried to do things to narrow that band and to reduce the total volatility, one of which is the production cuts that we put in place. Heading into next year, clearly, Jennie-O Turkey Store will be looking at some comp challenges, both in terms of some of what they delivered in the first half of the year, and also the fact that the grain hedges are rolling off in some cases. But that team is very aggressively pursuing efficiency gains and also the pricing they need to take to try to offset as much of those grain increases as possible.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Jeff, you talked about food service being spotty and I'm just curious given that things in the broader economy have gotten a little bit more turbulent, and there's some kind of nervousness among consumers. Did you see trends change throughout the quarter? Are you seeing anything weakening at the margin? Or is it kind of just status quo?
Jeffrey Ettinger: It's really just been choppy was the word we used, and it's been extremely so even month-to-month within this year. I mean, the early part of the year, we started to see some more favorable signs from a variety of areas in the food service business, and then it seemed like when gas prices started to escalate, that took a lot of the air out of the balloon there. As we sit right now, it's inconsistent. There's parts of our business where we're doing better on the noncommercial side, for example. But overall, it's still very -- it's hard to read right now. I'm confident that our team and our direct sales force is really on top of the industry. We'll continue to outperform the industry numbers, but it remains to be seen what those industry numbers are going to look like in the upcoming quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale.
Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: This is Adam Josephson in for Akshay. Jeff, why do you think commodity turkey supply has remained in check as it has? And what gives you confidence that, that will remain the case in the foreseeable future, such that you'll have an easier time offsetting higher corn cost in that business next year?
Jeffrey Ettinger: The industry as a whole has shown a little better discipline perhaps than the other poultry side of the ledger. I think something that's keeping everyone in check though are the escalating grain costs. And so when people look at what's the breakeven in terms of basic processing in these industries, that has to be a cautionary area for them.
Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Terrific. And just one last one on your outlook for next year. Obviously, higher corn prices will be a challenge for Jennie-O, and the volume impact that retail the price elasticity will be an issue. What concerns you more or what gives you -- what do you have less certainty about going into next year? Is it the price elasticity issue or is it the corn issue?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I guess it's probably the first. I mean, we kind of recognized heading into the next year we're clearly going to be on a higher total cost environment in our system by a significant amount than what we had for the full year this year. But we have some sense of where that seems to be settling in. It is a matter of pushing your efficiencies and pushing your pricing to try to offset as much of that as possible. But that's a big number.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney.
Mark Williams - Clarion Capital: This is Mark Williams for Jon Feeney. If you could just walk me through the release of the inventory reserve, please, and how much discretion do you have there? And what does that mean for your hedged positions and other reserve leases going forward?
Jody Feragen: This is Jody. It's not related to our hedged position. And that's really -- accounting rules require you to have your balance sheet stated at the lower cost per market, and at times when we see escalating packer margins or pork operating margins, we have to increase that reserve so that our balance sheet adequately reflects the appropriate inventory. So last year, we were increasing that reserve as we were headed into times of extremely high pork operating margins. And now this year, as the third quarter had much lower than normal pork operating margins, we had to reduce that reserve. So there's not a lot of discretion, and it's a calculation we do. Normally, it's not a large amount, and it's less than 1% of our total inventories. But when it gets to the general corporate line, it doesn't have an impact. So that's traditionally not something that we have a year-over-year changed that large.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Farmer.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Total ad spend, it looks like it was up about 20% in FY '10, and it looks like it's, again, through FY '11, it's about high single-digits. What's the plan to keep that momentum going in FY '12, especially with the Jennie-O and Hormel brands?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Which line were you referring to again, Jeff?
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I'm sorry, advertising spend.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Oh, okay, I didn't -- I thought I heard assets. Okay. In terms of advertising, we don't do it on a divisional basis. We are expecting on a year-over-year basis that advertising will come in at higher levels than 2010 and than 2009, and that's a purposeful increase as we transform the company more and more into the branded value-added portfolio that it enjoys. We recognize that we want to become a bigger player in the advertising world. This fall alone, we continue to have very significant campaigns on-air against both the Hormel brand and also the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand. We've not announced really any details of the 2012 plan yet, so I really can't give you color in relation to how that's going to look for next year. We will provide that next quarter.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then follow-up to an earlier question. You alluded to this, but Jennie-O volumes, it looks like they were down about 3%, following 3 quarters. That looks like average about double-digit growth. So in terms of what was going on there, is that all pricing? Or what potentially else was sort of driving the increased demand for that brand?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, Jennie-O, I mean, the thing I do need to clarify there was an integrated supply-chain. Their total volume number can be impacted quite a bit by how many turkeys we're bringing in at a given time of year. So I can provide you with a little extra detail. The value-added portions that retail deli and food service I referenced earlier, those volumes were up 4%, and their sales were up double digits as well. It was the commodity side that declined. So we actually are really quite pleased with what we're seeing from a value-added standpoint at Jennie-O. We certainly think the advertising is helping to drive that, as well as the execution by that team in store.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: All right, that's helpful. So it looks like no pushback on pricing then?
Jeffrey Ettinger: These numbers would indicate that we're in good shape with that thus far.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just on your comments relative to the outlook for the back half at Jennie-O and the competition I think from perhaps smaller pork supplies here domestically. Curious, if you look into the holiday season at full bird sales, you've got a good rebate, I'm assuming by now. Are you fairly optimistic that you'll see a very strong kind of holiday selling season based on the lack of available ham supplies?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, we're in a good position in terms of the commitments we've made to our annual inventory of whole birds. It's probably a little early to tell you in terms of what kind of sell-through you'll see. Certainly, that's our goal in partnership with the retailers always is to make sure not only that we're cleaned up, but that they are also. But a lot of that can depend on what kind of pricing the leaders come out of as they get close to the holiday season. And we're a little early to be able to determine that right now.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then just this follow-up, relative to your comments on your expectations for hog costs to fall into the back half, just curious, is there anything specific driving that aside from the normal seasonal declines that we see? I'm a little bit surprised, I guess, that it declined too much given where demand is today. Curious on your comments there.
Jody Feragen: We're seeing hog costs that should decline coming into the fall, and that's, you're right, a seasonal trend. And you're also correct that the wild card would be where exports are going, and they've been extremely strong this year. But our anticipation right now is that we'll see seasonally lower hog costs still above last year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tim Ramey.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Jody, as we think about the -- I'm wondering if you can give us some guidance on the sequential change in corn prices rolling through the P&L, maybe just on a percentage basis, if possible, for the 4Q versus 3Q. Do we really see the bulk of the step-up in corn costs versus the hedge hit in the 4Q or in the 1Q?
Jody Feragen: You're going to start seeing them in the fourth quarter, and I would expect some escalation into the first quarter of next year.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Any help on kind of sequential change?
Jody Feragen: Well, I don't have that with me.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Maybe if Kevin can come up with something that would be acceptable, we'll be providing it to you and others.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So just on your full-year guidance, I was hoping -- you disclosed the updated EPS number, but I was hoping maybe you could just give us a sense by division in terms of profit growth what you're looking for since we have seen some pretty big swings in terms of greater change in the third quarter versus the first half.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I guess the best I can do is give you a color of just kind of within our balanced models, which pistons we think are firing dollars in the fourth quarter. Our expectation would be for continued moderation or any potential declines in Refrigerated and Jennie-O Turkey Store, but with gains coming from Grocery, Specialty and International. And then if you look at the Q4 comparison, I mean, it will be important to note the absence of that 14th week or 53rd week this year. And also, Jennie-O Turkey Store has that extra $7 million gain last year that we did call out during the fourth quarter that will not be repeated.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And you're talking about, in terms of negative, you're talking about momentum relative to the third quarter or you think that for Jennie-O or Refrigerated Foods profits would be down?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I'm saying year-over-year.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then just on the export market, I was wondering if you could give us -- as of your Analyst Day, you have talked about an expectation that was generally in line with USDA that exports would be down, hog or pork exports would be down year-over-year. And Jody, you mentioned some of the exceptional strength we saw year-to-date. At the margin, are you seeing any shift at a country level, whether it would be Korea, Japan, China, in terms of more -- are they in the market more or less? I mean, are you seeing any of those inflections start to materialize?
Jody Feragen: We are not a huge exporter of whole hogs or carcasses. So we deal more in the specialty type items. And Korea continues to be a strong export for us right now, given their animal disease issues in the country. So we're expecting that strength to continue.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then just lastly in terms of cutout margins, curious if you're seeing any adjustment from -- on the processor side to some of the higher hog costs or any behavioral change that make you feel better or worse about how cutouts are going to fare over the next sort of few quarters that cutout margins will fare?
Jody Feragen: Well, they were extremely low year-over-year for the third quarter this year. We're seeing some strengthening in those pork operating margins, as we like to call them, now as we enter into our fourth quarter and should be aided by some seasonally lower hog prices that we traditionally see in the fall.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I saw in our tracking data that the cutout margins were low in third quarter, too. But then Tyson ended up reporting some pretty strong numbers in pork at least flat versus a year ago. I'm just wondering like do you think that you're performing in line with your industry peers on the cutout in the quarter? Or did you feel like you left something on the table in Refrigerated on the cutout?
Jeffrey Ettinger: No, I really don't think we did. I mean, it's always been frankly a little bit of a difficult read for us versus some of the major protein competitors that have big pork divisions. So we're not -- I mean, everybody has their own way of looking at how they account for things. So we just try to compare it to what we expect internally. With this very significant diminution and the cutout values during the quarter, clearly, that puts pressure on the value-added units to make that up. And they made quite a bit of headway in that. But clearly, when you look at the total number, we were not able to generate a quarter. We figured that was as high as last year, but I'm still quite satisfied with how that division was managed.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And if I could ask a follow-up on Jennie-O, Jeff, I remember talking to you about whether or not to heavy-up on advertising for Jennie-O in the back half. Can you give me just some more specifics on how much advertising you have done on Jennie-O this year? I think you're adding more money in the fourth quarter. And what kind of data do you have to show that it's driving the value-added sales that you wanted to drive?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Sure, Robert. All told, our expectation will be that our second half campaign for Jennie-O Turkey Store will be every bit as strong as last year's campaign was. That was something perhaps when we talked last and we weren't totally sure at the full level we were going to go after. But we decided to be aggressive with it. In terms of -- we certainly have the sales trends which are still positive. Both the turkey burgers and the ground tray pack have been good contributors to our results. We have very solid ad read numbers off of last year's campaign, and that gives us optimism that it seems to be connecting well. But we're just now getting on air, and so we don't have any new numbers yet to be able to show either awareness, changes or volume being driven by the new campaign. And we did a slightly different version of the one ad we have from last year with a little bit more of a grilling emphasis, and then we literally shot a second ad that again emphasized the sort of Make The Switch notion. And we're optimistic that it will continue to drive matching results for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you talk about the Compleats line? And to what extent do you actually think this is the, I guess, recovery of this brand? And then my follow-up is, are there other brands that you think need to be either refocused or put extra ad spending behind where we could actually see an acceleration of growth?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well on Compleats, the mechanics tend to be a little cautious. I mean, I'm very happy with the quarter, but it's all of 1 quarter now that we pushed it back solidly into the positive column. I am encouraged though that we did that really more with good in-store execution and with the recommencement of the advertising, but really did not have yet the benefit of that new positioning and the new label designs that we showed everybody in Investor Day. Those really aren't hitting store until now. And so I think I am optimistic that, that's going to continue the momentum on this brand, that we have unlocked the new consumer insight in terms of their ability to shop that section. So we certainly have high expectations for Compleats. But I want to see it happen. In terms of other brands, I mean, the ad spend, the major emphasis of our advertising continues to be other Hormel-related items, and particularly, the Pepperoni category which is driving excellent growth quarter after quarter there, and also Natural Choice which continues to grow nicely as well. My expectation is that those types of items will continue to be featured going into next year, along with Compleats on the Hormel items. And then Jennie-O Turkey Store clearly is the next major expenditure in the ad area. 2012 is the 75th anniversary of SPAM, and so we will certainly do some added efforts. They may be more public relations and in-store, but probably some consumer efforts as well to make sure we're announcing that properly against that brand.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: Continuing on with Compleats, has that momentum continued in recent months given the more challenged economic environment?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the first part.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: [indiscernible] Compleats continued in the most recent months.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I mean, really -- I mean, we're kind of maybe 3 weeks into period '10. I mean, right now, so far, so good. But it certainly was solid all the way through the third quarter. So, so far, so good.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: Okay, great. And then can you help me think about Refrigerated Foods for fiscal '12 and impact of pork operating margins within that segment? Are you able to price through to manage mix to innovate, to keep those margins up as we move through fiscal '12? Can you help me think about that?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I guess, Ann, the best I could probably do is mention the kind of color we provided in general for 2012, and I'll mention Refrigerated within that. We don't finalize our planning process here until well into October, and then submit it to our board in November. And then we provide that precise guidance when we come out on the next conference call. But we did say at Investor Day that we do expect to submit a growth plan to our board. The last 3 years, in '09, we generated 22% EPS growth, in 2010, 15%. This year, we're tracking again into the high teens. I don't think we're going to end up submitting a number at those levels, but we do expect to submit a growth plan. We do expect the comps in H1 to be more difficult than those in H2, and so that will influence how the quarters lay out. And then within the balanced model, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of the question even about the fourth quarter, that kind of model will continue into next year, which is that we're looking for growth from Grocery, Specialty Foods and International. And we're looking for Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store to hold their ground as best as they can.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Larson.
Eric Larson - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Jeff, one thing I noticed in the quarter was that your volumes -- I think your volume growth was basically flat, and I think it's followed probably 4 or 5 quarters where you were kind of in that mid to high single-digit range. And what I don't have in front of me here is, was this particular quarter a very particularly tough year-over-year comp on tonnage growth and volumes? And if that isn't the case, is that maybe some of the impact we might be seeing from higher pricing in the market?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Eric, I would agree with your assessment. I don't think there was anything particularly unique about the comps. So I do think as the accumulation of the various pricing actions that we've taken during the year have taken hold, I mean, it has a somewhat different effect on any given items within the portfolio, and we did indeed see a flattening out of the volume. I'm not overly concerned about it. We still had a number of items within all the portfolios, the ones I cited earlier that still grew. And even on the decline side, I mean, you're talking division such as our Grocery Products value-added items or our meat products value-added items that each fell over 100 million pounds a quarter, and we didn't have any single items that dropped even 1 million pounds. So I mean, it's choppy, and we need to see the reaction to it. Often, when you talk to consumers and talk to retailers, there's a reaction time when you raise price at least initially that may slow them down a bit. But our expectation and hope is that as consumers get used to the new levels, that they will continue to enjoy our products.
Eric Larson - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Okay. And then just a follow-up to that, Jeff, x acquisitions, what is the reasonable sort of a range of volume expectation, a volume growth expectation that we should kind of think about you guys generating on average by quarter? Obviously, it could be choppy by quarter. But on an annual basis, what would be a volume number that would be sort of a reasonable thing to look for?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I mean, I think if you look at our long-term guidance of being 5% revenue growth and recognizing, we don't really bank on pricing. Clearly, we've been on more inflationary environment lately. But we definitely bank on mix. And we talk about the value adder and the innovative products and our $2 billion channel and so forth. So probably in that low single-digit, 2% to 3% is probably the volume expectation that would lead us to that kind of 5% revenue growth.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from the line of Christine McCracken.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just curious on the industry recall on the turkey side, have you guys saw any pushback there from retailers or any change to their demands around your business? Realizing it wasn't your product, but generally just overall industry impact.
Jeffrey Ettinger: We did not see an impact to our business from it. It's certainly something that all of us in the industry are always being very watchful about and need to make sure that we address them on an aggressive basis. But in terms of the immediate impact of the business, we didn't really benefit from it, nor did it have any detrimental effect on any of the volumes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And management, there is no questions in the queue at this time. Please continue.
Kevin Jones: Yes, thank you, everyone, for listening to our call. Thank you for your questions, analysts. Any follow-up questions can be directed to me, and that will conclude our call for today. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Hormel Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-05-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jody Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director Kevin Jones - Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Eric Larson - Soleil Securities Group, Inc. Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, May 25, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Jones. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin Jones: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods' conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2011. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6 a.m. Central Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter, then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, May 25, 2011. The dial-in number is (800) 406-7325, and the access code is 4434269. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 27 through 33 in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 30, 2011, which was filed with the SEC on March 11, 2011, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another excellent quarter in terms of both earnings and sales. Earnings for the second quarter were $0.40 per share, up a solid 18% over adjusted earnings of $0.34 per share a year ago. You may recall that our adjusted results last year excluded onetime charges totaling $0.05 per share associated with the Valley Fresh plant closing and the change to the health care laws. Total dollar sales were up 15% over a year ago, and we were again able to register sales gains in all 5 segments. This is the fifth consecutive quarter we have achieved year-over-year sales increases in every segment. On the earnings side, this quarter once again demonstrated the benefit of our balanced business model, as the strong performance by our Refrigerated Foods, Jennie-O Turkey Store and all other segments more than made up for softer results from our Grocery Products and Specialty Foods segments. I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products segment reported a segment operating profit decrease of 9% from our adjusted earnings a year ago and a $1 sales increase of 1% for the second quarter. We saw solid sales growth from core products, such as SPAM luncheon meat, Dinty Moore stew and Hormel Mary Kitchen hash. But distribution costs associated with the launch of our Hormel Compleats Kids line of microwave meals and softer sales of our existing line of Compleats microwave meals hindered our results in the quarter. We remain pleased with the performance of our MegaMex Food venture as increased sales of our Mexican food products continued to contribute positively to our overall results. Our Refrigerated Foods segment had another strong quarter, with segment operating profit up 27%, aided by higher pork operating margin. Sales were up 16%. On the retail side, we enjoyed a strong sales of Hormel Party Trays, Hormel Natural Choice deli products and Hormel Cure 81 premium hams. Our Hormel Country Crock line of side dishes also contributed nicely to our sales growth. The food service trade remains choppy, with areas of strength and areas that remain soft. Sales of our branded products, including Natural Choice deli meats, AUSTIN BLUES BBQ products and Café H ethnic products all grew during the quarter. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment had another outstanding quarter, with segment operating profit up 45% and sales up 25%. Jennie-O's results came from higher commodity meat prices, improved efficiencies throughout the entire business and vibrant sales of value-added products. Export sales of dark meat from Turkey also remained strong. Sales increased for Jennie-O in all 3 value-added areas: Retail, Food Service and Deli, led by Retail tray pack fresh turkey, Turkey Burgers and Turkey Bacon. We continued to generate excellent exposure for the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand through our sponsorship of The Biggest Loser reality TV show.  Segment operating profit at our Specialty Foods segment declined 11% on a net sales increase of 4%. Segment profit results were hurt primarily by higher raw material costs, and the unit is in the process of catching up to these with its pricing. For Q2, stronger sales of private label canned meat, sugar and blended products offset softer nutritional jar sales. Our All Other, mostly International segment, had an impressive quarter, with segment operating profit up 104% on a sales increase of 45%. Strong exports of fresh pork and of our SPAM family of products were the principal drivers of the improved results for this segment. Looking forward, we expect higher raw material costs to continue to impact our value-added products in the second half of the year. We are working to offset those increased input costs through a combination of improved productivity and through pricing, though we anticipate a lag effect. We will also closely monitor the impact of higher pricing on our volumes. We anticipate higher hog costs as we get into warmer weather. Pork operating margins have not been quite as strong lately as they were in recent quarters. We expect them to remain higher than historical levels but lower than a year ago during the second half. The turkey industry is in good balance, and we expect that status to continue. However, we anticipate Jennie-O Turkey Store's second half to be more difficult as we cycle in higher grain costs. Notwithstanding these challenges, I am most impressed and encouraged by our outstanding sales momentum across all sectors of the business. This means we are connecting with consumers through both our newer and traditional product lines, and it bodes well for our continued success. Our leading brands are an important part of this success, and we plan on continuing to invest in those brands. For example, we will continue to support our Compleats product line as well as Hormel Natural Choice and Hormel pepperoni products as part of the Life Better Served Hormel brand advertising campaign during the second half of the year. We also plan to resume our Make The Switch marketing campaign for Jennie-O Turkey Store this summer and fall. Taking these considerations into account and given our strong results in Q2, we are again raising our full year guidance range, this time to $1.67 to $1.73 per share from the previous range of $1.62 to $1.68 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the second quarter.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. For the second quarter of 2011, GAAP net earnings totaled $109.6 million, or $0.40 per share, compared to adjusted net earnings of $91.3 million, or $0.34 per share, a year ago. GAAP net earnings for the first half of fiscal 2011 totaled $258.4 million, or $0.95 per share, compared to adjusted net earnings of $202.5 million, or $0.75 per share, a year ago. As Jeff mentioned, adjusted earnings for 2010 exclude the impact of onetime charges related to the closure of our Valley Fresh plant and tax charges primarily related to changes in the health care laws. These onetime charges resulted in a total adjustment to diluted earnings per share of $0.05 for the second quarter of 2010. A table reconciling our adjusted earnings calculation to earnings calculated under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles was included in our earnings release. Dollar sales for the second quarter totaled $2 billion compared to $1.7 billion last year, a 15% increase. For the first half, dollar sales increased 13% to $3.9 billion. Volume for the second quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, up 7% from fiscal 2010. Year-to-date, volume was 2.5 billion pounds, up 5% from fiscal 2010. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were 8.2% of sales compared to 8.6% last year. Year-to-date, SG&A expenses were 7.9% compared to 8.5% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be approximately 8% of sales for the full year. Interest expense for the quarter was $7.2 million compared to $6.6 million last year. Year-to-date, interest expense was $13.8 million compared to $13.1 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $22 million to $23 million for fiscal 2011.  Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 33.9% versus 40.7% in fiscal 2010. The 2010 tax rate was higher due to the onetime impact of health care legislation changes and the tax treatment of Medicare Part D reimbursement. The year-to-date effective tax rate was 34.3% compared to 36.8% last year. For fiscal 2011, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 34% and 35%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 267 million shares. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 273 million shares. We repurchased 770,000 shares of common stock during the second quarter, and we have 7.5 million shares remaining to be purchased from the 10-million-share authorization in place. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31.1 million compared to $30.6 million last year. For the first half of the year, depreciation and amortization was $62.2 million compared to $61.5 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 million in fiscal 2011. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $600 million, of which $350 million will be repaid on June 1, the maturity date for that bond. We issued $250 million of tenured bonds in April of this year. Capital expenditures and property acquisitions for the quarter totaled $19 million compared to $22 million last year. For the first 6 months of the year, capital expenditures and property acquisitions totaled $43 million compared to $40 million last year. For fiscal 2011, we expect capital expenditures and property acquisitions to be approximately $100 million to $110 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to the Operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Jeff, can you talk a little bit about turkey? You did say you feel like it's in good balance, supply and demand, cold displays [ph] are up slightly, but can you just tell me -- give us more detail on the supply and demand outlook over the next 12 months that you have? And perhaps compare that to fiscal '08, or 2008?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I'm not sure I can go all the way 12 months out. We certainly see eggs, [indiscernible] and placement numbers that take us through the end of this year and a little bit into next fiscal year. But right now, on the basis of those numbers, on the basis of what we see in terms of production in the industry and on the basis of cold storage numbers coupled with still strong demand on the export side, I mean, we feel that the amount of product going to market will support solid pricing on a commodity basis, and there seems to be a good demand for it. And in turn that's helpful on the value-added side. Clearly, that's our emphasis is selling products in a value-added form there. We are challenged with having to continue to look at advancing pricing because the inputs have gone up so significantly, but it's probably a little bit easier to do that in an environment where the commodity markets are supportive of that kind of pricing.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And just in contrast to fiscal '08, when you had commodities spike up, I guess similar to what we've seen, I mean, can you just give us a sense of how you're feeling about that business looking forward now compared to, like, '08?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I guess I'm feeling when I look at the aggregate of the business of -- very solid about it. I think there's a lot of efficiency gains that our team up there has brought to the market, that's very helpful. And then we really stepped up our efforts on the branded side, and what -- we're really the only player out there doing advertising in turkey, and we're doing more than ever, if you look at both last year and our plans for second half of this year, and it's paying dividends. I mean, we've seen very strong value-added sales, which ultimately is what we're trying to accomplish there.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Great. And one last one on Grocery Products. You mentioned last quarter that you were trying to get to a pricing, and looking at the top line this quarter, it seemed like there was some resistance. Can you just tell us what you're seeing out there competitively in the marketplace and how the pricing is flowing through relative to your expectations? And also related to that, maybe comment on fresh pork spreads. I know you made some comments about where you expect them to be, but there's been some demand resistance on the fresh side as well. And I wonder if that's similar to what you've seen in the value-added side?
Kevin Jones: Akshay, this is Kevin. I'm going to ask Jeff to respond to the Grocery Products question, and I think we need to move on.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay.
Jeffrey Ettinger: So on the Grocery Products side, some of the pricing actions we took were undertaken later in the quarter, and so the full quarter results are not reflective of all the pricing activity that has been announced there. I wouldn't say we're getting resistance in the form of a refusal by the customer to go with the pricing that we're suggesting. However, it isn't across the whole portfolio. For example, we've cited to you a couple of times in the area of Hormel Compleats that we're still working on new things with that brand. Those of you who are able to come to Investor Day are going to see some new label design and some other new product samples and so forth related to Compleats. So that's a fairly key component of Grocery Products. We've not taken pricing on that, because we've not been satisfied with the sales thus far.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Just continuing on the Grocery Products segment, Jeff, you had mentioned that you'd taken pricing, but there's going to be a lag in terms of when input costs flow into the P&L versus when pricing flows in. Do you think that, that catches up in the third quarter? Or is that more of a fourth quarter event?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, on the Grocery side, I think we will start seeing improvement in the third quarter. With -- the comment about lag really was sort of an across-the-board comment, because even at the Jennie-O, I mean that's just been a steady wave of an upward market in terms of the inputs, and on top of that, you have hedged positions that are rolling off that are less favorable. So the team has done a good job thus far, obviously, in trying to keep up with their pricing. But there is more to do, and in that case, it's not always a day-to-day exactly a match-up to when the costs roll higher.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then in Refrigerated, do you feel like those, the pricing in your Refrigerated Foods, has caught up with the commodity? Or it's there more work to do?
Jeffrey Ettinger: There's probably some more work to do there as well. I mean, Refrigerated also has the billion-dollar Foodservice portfolio within that group, and the Foodservice group is much more current on their ability to price. The retail side is certainly on top of it as well, but in that case, we still have some actions yet to come.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And just volume, how has volume held up as you've taken pricing? Is that in line with the elasticity you've expected, more or less?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I would say to be honest with you, it's been better than a traditional elasticity would suggest. And I would think the reason for that in large case would be that the whole market is encountering it instead of just doing an elasticity on, "Okay, you wanted to just take your product up." Everyone's in this boat. But on top of that, I mean, I think the vibrancy of what we have to offer. I mean we have some very unique franchises in terms of Party Trays, in Natural Choice and entrées, and so I think that's supportive of the move we've been making as well, and that's why volumes continue to grow as well as extra price kick on top of that.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And final question, it's just your M&A activity. You have a very low debt structure and a lot of flexibility. Could you share with us how robust M&A activity is in your category? And are there any near-term opportunities?
Jody Feragen: Hi, this is Jody. And of course, we don't talk about near-term opportunities that we're looking at. But I would say that the deal structure has picked up. I would also add that the multiples that people are paying have maybe not turned back to the frenzy days, but they become a little bit more challenging for some strategic buyers versus the financial buyers, so we continue to look. I will be using a portion of that cash to pay down the bonds that mature on June 1, and we continue to look for opportunities to invest in our businesses, organically or through M&A. We're proud of our dividend history, and we also have some room left on our share repurchase authorization. So those are our priorities.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA. [Technical Difficulty]
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So I guess -- I think the major concern the market has with regard to your earnings, which have been fantastic now for pretty much quarter-in, quarter-out over the last couple of years, it's just the sustainability. Do you have some higher input costs that are going to roll into your P&L? Can you just talk about your long-term growth target? And how do you match these results, given the environment out there, the higher commodity environment, whether you're talking about higher grains that we'll see in turkey and/or the higher inputs that we're seeing in Grocery Products, which caused a little bit of margin compression there? Talk about how do you stay on your growth track of whatever, high-single-digit, low-double-digit earnings growth, when you just kind of keep having to sort of outsize profits quarter-in, quarter-out? Whether it's Refrigerated Foods or Turkey does better, whatever.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, our long-term growth goals remain 5% on the top line and 10% on the bottom line, and by the time we're done with this year, I think if you look kind of at a 5-year CAGR, we're probably close to 6% top line and maybe closer to a 10%, 11% on the bottom line, so we've been able to attain those. I guess that is part of what we're suggesting here with our total guidance is it clearly the first half has been kind of a blowout, very strong half, and so the second half will be more moderate, but we're -- we tend to try to take things year to year, and so when you look at both sales growth and the middle of our guidance range now for the year, we'll be -- end up being quite happy than what -- where 2011 ends up. And we're not in a position quite yet to start talking about 2012. But clearly, in terms of momentum of some of the franchises, we're very excited about whether -- ranging from the Mexican Food portfolio to value-added products to Jennie-O to some of these more innovative items in the Refrigerated portfolio, we have a lot of good things happening.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: But there's nothing within what you're looking at -- I appreciate fiscal '12 doesn't start for another 6 months, but there's nothing within your viewpoint about your businesses that suggest that this is going to be a peak year, and then earnings are going to be flat to down in 2012, which is...
Jeffrey Ettinger: I'm just not going to be able to provide a color at all at this point for 2012.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you talk more about the pricing in terms of your ability to get it? Is it, are you getting it through list increases, less promotional activity, new product mix? And if I think about it, can you talk about where the momentum will continue beyond the next few quarters on the pricing environment?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I mean the different lists you suggested really are all elements of where it can come from. In some cases -- we'll talk retail first. I mean, there clearly have been list price increases. In some cases, there's been some modification on the promotional formulas. On the Foodservice side, it tends to be a much quicker response to what the markets really are. And then as we talk about, I think, each quarter, I mean, we have a decent amount of our portfolio, particularly within Refrigerated Foods, that are traditionally market-moving-type items; bacons, hams, fresh pork; that always move with markets, and so that pricing certainly has been responding. We have catch-up still to do, especially as we talk about some of the protein pieces that are dealing with the spike in grains as we roll off the more favorable hedged positions. We still have more to do in the second half of this year and potentially even into the early part of 2012. And it's just kind of hard to tell right now is that where is that going to level off? Obviously, all of us hope at some point if we can get to more flat environments for the next year and catch up on that, that would be advantageous.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I guess I'm going to ask a second question, but it's really not that -- the question I'm asking is the conference that you're going to be having in the Analyst Day. Will you start giving us some sort of color for 2012? And the reason I ask, and it goes to Diane's question as well, is clearly consensus is it's pretty clear that they don't believe that your numbers could actually grow year-on-year. So is there any context, and I appreciate that you're not going to give context tonight -- today, but will you start laying out a foundation for growth in 2012 that we can start to build onto? Or how do you expect to let the market know about this 10% growth possibility or not possibility or how we think about 2012? When will you start letting us kind of get closer to that 2012 outlook? Will it be at the -- in the June Analyst Day?
Jeffrey Ettinger: We'll give consideration to some way to describe what we're thinking about 2012, but we're also trying to be respectful around process. I mean, our internal teams have not submitted their strategic plans to our management yet. Our board has not reviewed it yet, so I mean typically we give you that number in November, that's in our November call. But if there's some way we can provide a little added color, to both your point and Diane's, at Investor Day, we'll take that into consideration, see what we can do.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann of Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First on Refrigerated Foods, and just thinking about cutout margins. You guys, and Jody in particular, you've been vocal about the fact that you didn't believe that the run rate levels were sustainable that we saw over the past 12 months or so. But there wasn't a real clear reason as to why we might get some margin compression, and here we are today with a little bit of give-back on the margin side. So curious if you can shed some light on what has changed over the past several weeks versus a very strong performance that we've been seeing over the past several months.
Jody Feragen: Sure. It's nice to finally be a little bit more right than I was for the last, prior quarters. I think pricing has a lot to do with demand, and as that continues to move higher, at some point, you hit a push point with the balance between what we're offering and the rest of the protein markets are offering. And obviously, hog costs generally used to be related to the costs of raising those animals, and that seems to be reflective of what the environment is looking at, although I see in the summer that they'll probably be less profitable for the producer. So I don't have a silver ball on where they're going in the future, but I would expect them to be more -- definitely less than the robust margins that we had in the second half of 2010, probably higher than what our old 5-year average was. And I'm not sure that 5-year average is going to be the new norm going forward, so we'll have to wait and see.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So your view is that this is really a demand pushback issue relative to high prices rather than any change on the production side?
Jody Feragen: I mean, we do see hog supply being down, but only about a 1% for the year, and that's kind of where the industry's at. So the market seems to be in good balance for the pork industry. It's the robust export demand. And at some point if you -- if that gets too expensive, I would sense there would be some pushback.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, thanks, that's helpful. And then on -- just on Jennie-O, given just the low levels of corn inventory that we're looking at today and the very late start to planting season for much of the corn belts. Are you guys concerned at all about availability of corn supplies in September, October?
Jeffrey Ettinger: When you say "all", I mean, yes, we will be concerned in an extreme situation. I think that's been one of our concerns about a national policy that's within a 10-year time frame. Gobbles up a major component, it went from 3% of the corn crop going to ethanol to almost 40% this year. But most outlooks right now would suggest that things will stay tight and that pricing is still going to be quite high but that we will have a sufficient supply to continue to meet our needs.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then last one before Kevin lays down the law here on how many questions I have. On the export side, very great quarter. How much of this do you think is a function of, specific to Japan, some restocking related to the implications of the earthquake?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, if you're referring to export in terms of what our international results were?
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Okay, yes. For us, International in Japan is insignificant, particularly in fresh pork. We do next to nothing there. We are selling SPAM in Japan and have launched, actually, a redoubled effort to have that gain better distribution in mainland Japan, and that's off to a good start. We did enjoy strong results in Korea in terms of our export sales. So the big 2 drivers of international results were SPAM sales in multiple markets and then pork exports in Mexico and Korea in particular.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Soleil Securities.
Eric Larson - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: 2 real quick questions. One question in 2 parts, I guess, is how I should phrase it. First, in your Turkey business in the quarter, were there any positive mark-to-market gains from your hedged positions? I would assume that most of that took place in your first quarter, and you're now more apples-to-apples.
Jody Feragen: That's correct.
Eric Larson - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Okay. Second question, let me kind of go back at the opposite direction on this. What do you think it would take from fundamentals in the overall market; i.e., either supply or demand, to either maintain your hog and turkey margins today or go higher? I know you're more muted for your second half, which makes sense, but to maintain the current margins in this environment, pork cutout margins and turkey margins or to take -- to keep at this relatively high historical margin level for those 2 businesses?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, on the turkey side, I mean, clearly what we rely on in the long run is taking products and moving them up our value ladder. And so the more we can enjoy robust sales of our Turkey Burgers and Bacon and tray pack, that in turn will be supportive of the long-term operating margins of the division. We recognize that the commodity markets are on the higher side right now for turkey, and so that's been supportive of our results. And we also recognize the uncertainty of how high is up in terms of these feed costs. I think we've done a good job thus far in pricing to cover the run-up in feed cost, but we also know we have more coming at us. Jody is going to talk about Refrigerated.
Jody Feragen: Refrigerated includes a lot more than just pork operating margins, but because they have been so favorable, that has been a big driver. But we do tend to want to focus on our value-added businesses. But I guess if I were to see those margins actually expand from where they had, you'd have to see quite a bit more supply of hogs coming to the market, and we're not seeing that. I would think in today's environment, with the high cost of grains and, particularly, if you look out into the future, it looks like the less profitable venture to get into. So the supply as well as the demand side of things, and at what point do the prices get too high for a lot of the robust exports to continue? Also depends on the dollar, too. So lots of moving parts in that equation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: I have 2 questions, one starting with Jennie-O. If I remember correctly, you all are very promotional in the second half last year. Should we see that kind of level of promotion this year? And how is sell-in going for the holiday season for Jennie-O?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Yes, you'll see a similar element. It's not quite as high in the second half this year. This year we ran a little bit of it earlier in the year, so it's -- on an annual basis, there'll be close in terms of the advertising spend. In terms of the holiday sell-in, that was one of the reasons why the Jennie-O volume was so strong in the second quarter is that, given the markets are robust and the customers were ready to make moves on it, we ended up going ahead and selling a higher amount of our inventory on a current production basis as opposed to putting it in cold storage and selling it late in the year. So we're doing quite well in terms of being in a position to ultimately sell through our full inventory by the end of the year.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: Great. And then just on general -- on pricing, as you look to the second half, are you now going to need to increase prices again or more than you thought you would need to, say, looking back at the start of the fiscal year?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Yes. I mean, it just keeps rationing up, it seems like, particularly on the side that we -- where we have the direct input exposure. And so, clearly, that we are looking at second rounds in certain cases of the franchise.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: The way I was looking at fiscal '12 is I was trying to look at, isolate 2 things that the packer margins, on a dollar-per-head basis, which is to say are -- have been at record highs and are now somewhere between the average end and record level. And I want to know if you can just give me, order of magnitude, where do you think your packer margins are right now? Are they around $10 a head, $11 a head? And what you do you think the 5-year average is? And then the other thing I was just trying to look at is, is try to make some assumptions on where your grain costs are today and where they are probably going to be 6 months from now, based on how high grain prices are? Is there any way you can give me kind of an order of magnitude on those 2 things?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, packer margins clearly have been quite high, as we've talked about, at least for the second half of this year. We're expecting them to be higher than the historic norms for that time of the year, but not as high as what we've been experiencing both the first half of this year or during very high levels of last year. I don't have a specific number for you in terms of what do we expect in terms of less return on the packer margin next year, but, again, we always point back to it's a multi-headed monster if you will. And within Refrigerated Foods, I mean, we have depressed margins in some cases on some of the value-added items because, in part, these inputs have been so high. So we don't -- we're not necessarily banking year in and year out on really high packer margins to drive results for Refrigerated Foods. In terms of grain costs, I mean, we would -- you get used to new norms. I mean, we would love to have the markets at least settle in at some point and moderate at a certain level. Grain markets have been incredibly volatile lately, period, with so many speculators in there, with such a tight demand -- tight supply situation. And then on top of that, I mean, this is always the time of the year when it's the most volatile. Everybody's every day, "What was the weather, what are you hearing about planting," et cetera. So it's high right now. I mean, we certainly have a hope that as the crop comes in, things may moderate some, but we don't have that visibility right now.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: All right. So on a grain basis, just order of magnitude, Jeff, are you -- what's running through your numbers right now, is it in a $5 -- on a $5 per bushel basis, $6 per bushel? Is there any way you can give us a sense?
Jeffrey Ettinger: All in, it's probably in the $5s.
Jody Feragen: High-$5s, I'd say.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Could you just talk about how much pricing did you realize in the Grocery Products segment in the second quarter? And what is your -- I realize you're not pricing everything in your portfolio, but what are your expectations for the second half? And also for the Turkey division, if you could give some break between how much was pricing and was there any volume lift in the Turkey division in the second quarter?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, on -- the second one would be the easier question. The answer is yes, definitely. We saw volumes increase across the value-added franchises as well as pricing. And it was really a pretty consistent picture to what the numbers we're reporting, counting everything. I mean the whole -- if you look at the total company, and volumes were up 7%, and net sales were up 15%. So I mean you've got the differential on sales is both mix and some price increases, but the volumes were quite solid across the board.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So if I look at Turkey being up 25%, what would be the breakdown on the volume piece?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well there, you start -- yes, there you do start factoring in what we're just mentioning, that we sold an additional amount of whole turkeys, which is not -- they're not a high-margin contributor, but they just happen to move at an earlier time frame. So we're really, I think Jennie-O ended up in the high-single-digit, low-double-digit range in terms of the products, the value-added products we're really looking to sell in terms of the growth that we saw.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay, and pricing in Grocery Products, what did you realize in the second quarter? And what are your plans for the second half?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Yes. We probably were halfway there in terms of what we were trying to accomplish and what we want to see in terms of a full quarter. But there's a little caution there in terms of that -- that was trying to catch up to what we understood the cost position to be when we announced the price increases. And as some of the other earlier questions have indicated, there's been additional pressure in some of those areas. And so, for example, we've already announced a second round of SPAM price increases this going forward here. So we still have work to do as we go through the second half of the year. I'm catching up to that.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. So should we expect a 2% price increase on the top line? 3%? Can you give me an order of magnitude?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Maybe Kevin can in a follow-up. I don't want to just throw a number out, and I don't have one offhand.
Operator: And we do have a one further final question from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I just had 2 quick ones, couple of headlines recently on GIPSA and the political process there. I was just curious if you have an update for us on where we are?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, what I hear, I was just been watching it a couple of weeks ago. I mean, they are going through with the economic study. What I hear is that, clearly, we would love it if they would withdraw this thing altogether. That's probably not what I'm hearing is going to happen. What I hear is there'll be a new submission, a new draft, that will have some different elements to it, and we'll just have to see if there are elements that make sense and ultimately are more palatable to the industry, but it's been a frustrating proposed reg. A lot of the elements of the initial reg were things that Congress specifically decided not to put into the law, and some regulation folks back there were trying to jam it in anyways. There was just a letter that was co-authored by 135 different folks in the House of Representatives specifically talking to the Secretary about needing to make sure that the GIPSA new regs are much more in accordance with where the law was from the last Farm Bill. But it's something that the industry is closely monitoring.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. And then on the Turkey side. Curious how proactive you guys can be about managing the supply dynamic to try and help Turkey prices keep pace with some of this extreme grain inflation once your hedges roll off?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, all we can do, we can manage our own system. And we do that. I mean, we cut back on our supplies here about 18 months to 24 months ago, and those have rolled through since. There was another time earlier in the last decade when the turkey industry got out of balance, and, again, we were quick to make sure that we brought our supply in line. And then frankly, our key driver internally is not just the macro factors, but also how much meat do we need to support the value-added products? And we talked about wanting to make sure we, over time, get more consistent results out of Jennie-O by, better matching that supply up with our value-added products. So right now, we're in a pretty good match. I mean, if we continue to see as robust growth as we have with our value-added items, there may come a time when we need a little bit more supply just to support those, but we're not in that picture right now.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks you may have.
Kevin Jones: Thank you, everyone, for participating in the call. Feel free/e to call me with any follow-up questions, this is Kevin Jones. And have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-02-22 13:45:00) =====
Executives: Jody Feragen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director Company Speaker -  Jeffrey Ettinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
Company Speaker: Well, good afternoon, everybody. If everybody could find their seats as quickly as possible, I'd like to get the next presentation started. And to that end, we're delighted to have with us Jeff Ettinger, the Chairman, CEO and President of Hormel Foods; as well as Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Kevin Jones, Director of Investor Relations. It's fair to say since taking over the helm, Jeff has transformed Hormel from the protein company that everyone would like to be, which is how I thought it was always described, to a food company, with results that most competitors would like to have over the last two or three years. With strong performance in both Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store especially, it left them with a solid base for growth in the future, something we're looking forward to hearing about today.  Jeff, take it away.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you very much, John [ph]. We certainly are going to provide some forward looking statements this afternoon, but before we do that, we want to start with the here and now. This morning was earnings announcement morning for our first quarter of 2011. And we're very pleased that our team was able to deliver an outstanding quarter.  We saw sales increase of 11%, with all five operating segments that register year-over-year gains for the quarter. As you can see from the tonnage comparison, we had a certain amount of volume increase. The remainder of the increase in net sales would be attributable to pricing and to enhanced mix of the products.  On an earnings per share basis at $0.55 per share, we registered a 34% increase for the quarter, again very strong results. And all of these numbers are post lift [ph] (12:18). Our shareholders approved the split of our stock back on January 31 and it was enacted in the market on Valentine's Day. Jody is going to speak to these results. We're going to kind of have this be a combined forward-looking and strategic session and also give you a little bit of deeper color about our quarter. Before I turn it over to Jody, I do want to mention our new guidance that was included in the release this morning. We have started the year at a guidance range of $1.55 to $1.60 per share. Our new guidance range effective today is $1.62 to $1.68. In generating this range we're kind of balancing the fact that we definitely see significant momentum in our business. Not only did we have such outstanding sales results this quarter, but clearly, in 2010, we had very strong sales results throughout our portfolio. But we're also very mindful of the inflation headwinds that every speaker today has talked to and it certainly will affect our business as well. With that, I'm going to turn the program over for a time here to Jody Feragen, our Chief Financial Officer.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. It's certainly nice to be in Florida when you come from cold and snowy Minnesota. But it's also nice to be here on a day that we announce record earnings and record sales for our first quarter. And those sales were really driven by the results at our Jennie-O Turkey Store. They were really exceptional results, segment profit up 122% versus last year. Those profits were positively impacted by higher commodity meat prices, continued operational and efficiency gains in their supply chain, increased value-added sales and favorable hedge position. Sales for the quarter were up 14%, driven by increased volume and the higher prices we talked about on commodity meat. But also our year-end ad campaign helped drive our value-added sales up high single digits and we saw double-digit growth in our Jennie-O Turkey Store turkey burgers and fresh tray pack items. Refrigerated Foods continued to benefit from the higher pork operating profit. Those profits helped offset lower margins in some of our value-added businesses, such as our Meat Products and Foodservice groups that continued to fight against higher pork prices. Refrigerated Foods sales grew 13%. Our Meat Products group saw nice growth with Hormel Party Trays, Hormel pepperoni, Hormel Refrigerated Entrées and our newer Hormel Country Crock Side Dish items.  Within Value-added Fresh Meat, our Hormel Always Tender flavored meats showed nice growth for the first quarter as well. Our Foodservice group also saw sales increase, particularly in their Natural Choice and their Barbecue lines. Our Foodservice group continues to see the impact of a weak economy, particularly as it impacts restaurant traffic. Our Grocery Products segment was negatively impacted with both higher input costs, as well as difficult comparisons with a very strong quarter last year. Sales did grow 6%, fueled by growth in our MegaMex products, as well as increased sales of some of our more legacy items, including the SPAM family of products, Hormel Mary Kitchen hash and Hormel Chili. Specialty Foods was similarly impacted this quarter. They had higher commodity costs and they experienced a 12% decline in their segment profit. Sales grew modestly as sales of sugar and blended items were able to offset lower contract packaging sales. And now we were pleased this quarter that our All Other or what's mainly our International segment rebounded this quarter, with segment profit up 29% from last year on a 17% increase in sales. They benefited from strong export sales of the SPAM family of products, as well as fresh pork and their JVs also had better performance this quarter than last year. Since we're not having our usual conversation over the telephone lines, there are some financial metrics that we usually go over in our call, and I thought it would be appropriate to address those quickly today. SG&A expenses were flat to last year, but on increased sales, they declined to 7.6% of sales versus 8.4% last year. And we would expect SG&A's expenses to be somewhere around 8% for the next three quarters. Interest expense for the quarter was flat to last year, and we expect full year interest expense to be in the $20 million to $23 million range. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 34.7%, so a little bit under where I guided you. But remember we had the late addition of the R&D tax credit that came to us late in the fall. That was versus the 33.8% effective tax rate last year. And for the full year, we will expect our effective tax rate to be in the 35% to 36% range. Depreciation and amortization, again flat with last year, and we expect the full year to be about $125 million. Along with great results comes great cash flow. We continue to look at prioritizing our usage for our cash flow and the first use is obviously to invest in the future growth of our business. And Jeff will really talk about some of the drivers there later. We’ll look to make those investments either internally through projects that we develop or through acquisitions. Our first quarter capital expenditures and property acquisitions totaled $24 million and we're continuing to expect that capital expenditures will be about $120 million to $130 million for the full year.  One of the acquisitions that we made in 2010 was the Country Crock line of side dishes. Just a little update, we have integrated this into our Refrigerated Foods entrée line. We've branded it with the Hormel brands so that our consumers can see the connection with our more traditional refrigerated entrées that are more meat-based. And then more recently, we acquired Don Miguel Foods through our MegaMex Foods joint venture. And Jeff will also give me some update on how this fits with our strategy of MegaMex. And then we were really pleased in 2010 to open our LEED Gold-certified Dubuque plant. This state-of-the-art facility currently produces Hormel Compleats microwave meals, as well as our chunk chicken items. Another priority for our use of cash is to return it to our shareholders, and I think our record in the area of dividend speaks for itself. We have 45 years of consecutive annual dividend increases. Not a lot of other companies can say that today. For 2011, we increased our dividend by 21%, and over the last five years -- and that's five years that have included some pretty rough economic times, we've been able to attain a 13% compound annual growth rate. Just as a reminder, our dividend policy is, on a payout basis, to pay out 45% of our trailing five-year average earnings. But we also look to target ourselves to get a dividend yield that's closer to our packaged food peers, and I will tell you we have some room to grow in that area. We also look to return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases. In the first quarter, we spent $14 million and we have $8.3 million shares left under our current share authorization. I think we've heard about market conditions all morning, at least those conversations that I've listened in on, and as Jeff had indicated in his preview of the quarter, we certainly are faced with increased cost in many areas. But I thought I'd like to go into depth on what we're thinking about these cost inputs and how we've looked at them for the balance of our year. Hog prices are certainly expected to remain high and go higher. Great export demand, as well as pretty flat production levels should support those higher prices. We also expect to see strong demand for the USDA pork cutout. So that should provide positive pork operating margins, but we do not think that they're going to be at the same levels that we experienced in 2010. So right now, they're pretty high. We expect that to decrease through the balance of the year.  Grain prices, we expect to rise between 45% and 50% for the year and remain volatile as they have done in the first quarter. Our hedge positions will offset a portion of those increases. As a reminder, we have a policy of hedging about between 25% and 75% of our grain needs. We did indicate at the end of our fourth quarter call that we were on the high side of that. So we're seeing the benefit and certainly Jennie-O saw some of that in the first quarter. And then we have other packaging and ingredient costs that will increase anywhere from 3% to 7% range.  So we have the buffers of a strong demand on the cutout. We have buffers of some hedged things, but we also have savings initiatives that go throughout our organization. Certainly we're seeing, the benefits of our enterprise live sourcing initiative [ph] on the purchasing side. We've seen and continued to see great savings through logistics projects. And the one thing about Hormel is our culture of continuous improvement and the fact that everyone, everyday, looks for savings, and we see that through labor productivity, as well as yields in our plants.  One of the other stories that was common this morning was pricing. We have advance pricing on some of our products basically across I think every segment has experienced some pricing action. Given the current commodity environment, we'll continue to look at pricing going forward. We work closely with our customers, and we also keep in mind the value proposition that we have with our consumers. Our long-term growth model really hasn't changed. We look to grow our top line by 5%. We think an earnings per share growth of 10% is attainable in the long-term, and that will continue to provide our shareholders with double-digit returns.  I'll now turn it over to Jeff and he'll talk about some of our growth platforms.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thanks, Jody. So I want to go into what's the Hormel story, what has been the story and why do we have confidence in our ability to continue to grow the company in the future? And to us, there's a few kind of hallmark principles or elements of our company. I don't know that they necessarily all set us apart, but in combination, they’ve been the driver of the engine. There's our balanced business model, there's our long heritage of innovation in our success in both new product innovation and in cost base innovation as Jody just referred to and then there's the strong brands that we have with leading shares in certain categories. And I'm going to spend quite a bit of time this afternoon building into those brands and talking to you about six to eight different growth platforms, areas where we're experiencing extra growth that's really fueling our overall success. Starting with the balanced modeling, and Hormel Foods really is the last company out there that has both a fairly deep investment in the protein side of the business, but is deeply involved in packaged foods. We think that provides us with some advantages as we intend to be a leading player in value added meals and value-added products that feature protein-based items. We also have a balance between retail and foodservice in our organization. The franchises I'm going to highlight later, the growth platforms, I'm going to talk about the retail side today. The branded areas that are probably more noticeable and popular in the marketplace, but we are a significant Foodservice company as well. Over $2 billion in our total sales, spread throughout four different business segments are in the Foodservice realm.  Other areas of balance that may be less familiar to the audience here today. We are deeply invested in two of the proteins in terms of deep supply-chain. Hormel was started in 1891 as a pork company and we've been at it ever since. We don't try to be the largest company in that segment in terms of total processed pounds. We're not particularly vertical. The only area of the company that are vertical in pork would be out West in our Farmer John operation but we still are involved in basic processing and we're involved in the optimization of all the pork meats that comes off of that operation and is ultimately then sold in our refrigerated channel, our grocery channel or even on an export basis to International.  And then our Turkey business is, similarly, has a deep supply-chain -- maybe even deeper, because in certain cases in the upper Midwest you are allowed to own your own farming assets. So we do own some of our own farm facilities. We have our own basic processing and again are involved in the optimization of all the turkey raw material that come into the system.  But that's kind of it in terms of the deep investment in supply chain businesses. So any other products within, even protein-based products that we sell in our company -- we have many meal items that feature chicken or beef, we procure in all the chicken and beef. We do not have investments in supply chains in those areas. And clearly when it comes to cans or other kinds of packaging, seasonings and so forth, those are all purchased. And we think those two elements of being deeply invested in part of the business but being on the outside purchase market in other areas provides further balance for our company. And then lastly, we kind of long had a reputation of being financially a conservative entity. Clearly, we have very low debt, very solid cash position. We're certainly ready to make investments if the proper investments come our way. But we balance that with a truly innovative culture, a culture that is looking for areas that we can grow the business organically. We believe also that this balance has played out in terms of our operating results. We've reported on a basis of five reporting segments for many years now, -- and most years, year in, year out, most quarters, quarter in and quarter out, we have the majority of those segments delivering at a high-level. We know at any given time, one segment or another may be confronted with extra challenges in terms of some of the cost pressures they're feeling or something going on in the market. But the proof of the model is ultimately played out in the far right, which is that over time we've been able to drive total segment performance quarter after quarter and year after year. I had my first appearance before the CAGNY audience in 2005, and so you can see that track record over the years that our team has been together has really been quite strong. Another element of balance that we're going to highlight today is the balance between, as many of the companies you've talked to today, we have our legacy platforms. We have our products that have been with us for a long time, and we look at trying to find ways to keep growing those platforms. But we have a number of relatively newer, exciting growth platforms, some of which we've acquired, some of which we've created on our own. And I'm going to highlight as I mention probably six to eight of those for you here in a couple of minutes.  Before we move onto the next section, I want to provide you with a little further background as sort of the balance of Hormel or what's important to Hormel beyond the numbers, and beyond the brands. And to do that, we brought a video segment that I hope will accomplish that and we'll run that now. [Video Presentation] So we started with the balance model. The next key to Hormel Foods' success is innovation. The story that appeared first in the video, you see on the slide here, appeared in the Minneapolis Star Tribune this fall and really highlighted the headline appetite for innovation and highlighted the success that we've had in driving growth through new products.  When we create new products, we clearly are looking to create items that are convenient and flavorful -- those are right of the gate, that have to meet at least those requirements. And where appropriate, we're looking for items that can have a nutritious or helpful element to them. We understand that there’s part of our portfolio, whether it's bacon or SPAM that are probably never going to be viewed as health items by most consumers, but we have added items such as Natural Choice or our Jennie-O Turkey Store portfolio or the newer items within our Compleats franchise such as Compleats and Compleats for Kids that do meet an excellent nutritional profile for consumers. And then it’s become obviously more and more important in the last couple of years to really look at value as is mentioned by other speakers today, value is more than just low price. It’s a complete value proposition and that's an essential element as we develop a new product. We created a challenge back in our company, back in early part of the decade of the 2000s, we wanted to create $1 billion worth of sales of new products by the year 2009. We achieved that $1 billion challenge two years early. We hit it in 2007 and so now as a team that's always looking for the next challenge, we decided to up the bar a bit and go for $2 billion and actually compress the timeframe and try to get that done by 2012, still measuring those items that have been introduced since the year 2000.  We hit a little leveling off point in the year 2009. As the recession hit, many companies experienced the same thing, a gravitation towards the more traditional and a more of a hesitation to take a chance on a new item. But we are pleased to see that in 2010, we reaccelerated our progress and we were at $1.5 billion of sales in 2010 alone of items that were new to the marketplace since the year 2000. So we're still encouraged and are still fighting for that $2 billion goal by the end of 2012. These innovative items need to be put out in a form that has reasonable level of familiarity to consumers, and we're blessed with brands that are well known and that have some stretch to them, the Hormel brand has been around obviously since the beginning of the company, and it's on such venerable items such as Hormel Chili or Hormel pepperoni or Hormel Cure 81. But in recent years we've been able to add that brand to more modern items such as our Party Tray franchise, our Hormel Compleats and even Hormel Natural Choice. In the Jennie-O Turkey Store area of the business, we're blessed with the one brand when we made the acquisition of the Turkey store, we did the research which allowed us to combine those two brands. We took the look of the Turkey Store which was the green awning and combined it with the Jennie-O name, and so that entire portfolio can be supported by a single-branded proposition. And then we have certain other brands within the Hormel part of the portfolio that still stand for something unique and that the brand is important to stand on its own, and that would include the Lloyd's Barbecue franchise, that would include SPAM luncheon meat both in the U.S. and abroad and would include such items as Dinty Moore Beef Stew. It's very important for us to continue to nurture these brands with consumers to make sure that the new items are supported and that the traditional items continue to be viewed in a different basis. In 2010, we enhanced our advertising spending by 20% and we really focused that spending against a few key brand areas. I'm going to show you these commercials in the minute, but first, I want to kind of walk you through what you're going to see. We had a very significant campaign for the Hormel brand. You'll see televised versions of a campaign against Hormel pepperoni, our Hormel Compleats franchise and Hormel Natural Choice.  On a global basis, SPAM is our most popular global brand. It has very significant market shares in certain markets in Asia, including Korea and in Guam and in Okinawa. It's never been quite as popular in mainland Japan, although consumers have a certain level of familiarity with it from travels they've had in other parts of the world. And so our international team made a very concerted effort this year to attain added distribution in Japan and support it with consumer advertising and thus far it's paying very nice dividends. We're very committed to the MegaMex portfolio of products that actually includes three brands that we support: The CHI-CHI'S brand; the La Victoria brand; and the Herdez brand, the last of which is an authentic brand from Mexico, and I'll show you their most current TV commercial. And then lastly, we had a very significant campaign this fall for Jennie-O Turkey Store, following up on a fairly significant campaign in the year before. And at this point, I'd like to show you this set of commercials. [Video Presentation]. We're very pleased with the sales results in particular from the Jennie-O campaign. As Jody referenced, we had a very strong quarter again even though the ads are off the air currently, we still are driving excellent sales of turkey burgers both from the lean ground form and our frozen turkey burgers. And we also actually had interest from the restaurant world. Operators were calling us after seeing the ad and saying, “Maybe the idea of having a turkey burger as one of the offerings in our menu makes a lot of sense.” And Jennie-O clearly wants to be and is in that lead position for that.  Anybody who's involved in consumer advertising though is looking for more than just driving immediate term sales. You're looking for the long-term build, the long-term investment, in particular in creating awareness for your brand and enhancing purchase intent. For brands that have been around a while, often a good campaign would give you a point or two or three in terms of growth. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store, to us, is in that sweet spot of being somewhat known and somewhat national but not broadly understood on that kind of a basis. And I think it was right for the big push we gave it this fall and we were very gratified to see very significant increases in terms of awareness and purchase intent based on this campaign, and we'll be looking to do further support for the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand in 2011. So now I'm going to talk about -- underneath these brands, the growth platforms that for our company has been driving excellent results thus far and that are nowhere near played out, that we see as being growth vehicles for us in the ensuing years as well. And let's start with kind of a combined one, Hormel pepperoni and Hormel Party Trays, because I think the idea behind these kind of originated from the same source. Hormel pepperoni has been with our company for many, many years so it is indeed starts as a legacy product. We found ways to innovate that product over time, with different packaging types, by adding healthful items such as the turkey pepperoni. But more recently the team has really focused in on taking the idea of sliced meats beyond pizza and into snack and ingredient basis. And on a combined basis, you can see that our Hormel pepperoni franchise and our Party Tray franchise has grown at a compound rate of 10% a year.  Taking them separately, for pepperoni, the driver was consumer insights in the form of talking with consumers about how they use pepperoni. Indeed they use it on pizzas, but in many households that's not even the predominant use. We found that they use it just as often as an ingredient item. And so coming up with items such as Pepperoni Minis and Turkey pepperoni minis really fits what they were looking for to be able to utilize it on an ingredient basis.  In addition, consumers told us that they view pepperoni as an excellent snack alternative and so the minis come now in available six packs and we've also come up with Pepperoni Snack Stix and Turkey Pepperoni Snack Stix, and very recently now, also Salami Snack Stix. Available for you before you came in and hopefully afterwards as well if you missed them, are samples of our Salami Snack Stix and also our Turkey Pepperoni Minis. Lots of runway left in the overall pepperoni franchise, healthful penetration in here is only at an 18% level. We are the leading share player, and that allows us to command very strong shelf space and off-shelf display pieces such as the one you're seeing here on this slide. Dry sauces items such as this have the added advantage in the meat area of being shelf stable so you don't have to have them refrigerated until the package is opened and so that gives you another avenue within the store to drive traffic and to drive incremental sales. And then the Party Tray element of the franchise really was spawned by an innovation. I’ve talked about, probably at past meetings, Hormel has been one of the pioneers in the United States on the utilization of high pressure pasteurization for meat-based items. This not only has wonderful effects in terms of avoiding passage in meat, but it provides great quality and great shelf-life opportunities. And so, our team came up with Hormel Party Trays and we've just seen tremendous growth from this franchise from the core tray items that are still growing on a regular basis, to more seasonal-based items. We have specialty items that's aimed at the football crowd, aimed at the upcoming March madness season and so forth. And again, talk about run room, it's still at only 2% household penetration in terms of Party Tray availability and we're exploring all different types of this, to continue to grow this franchise going forward. Our second area within the Refrigerated Foods segment of the business has been an excellent growth area for us, has been the Hormel Natural Choice line. Once again, that high-pressure pasteurization got us into this business. It allowed us to be able to deliver sliced Meat Products without any lactates, without any diacetates, an all-natural product. Sliced luncheon meat is a category that's been out there a long time. Hormel did not want to enter the category with just the me too items, but when we had this breakthrough innovation, we felt okay, this is our time to make a splash within this area and we've had very nice success in terms of the sliced lunchmeat component of Hormel Natural Choice.  In addition to retail sliced lunchmeat, there is a Foodservice component to Natural Choice as well. We've had very good luck bringing it in to institutions such as health care establishments and colleges and universities. And in many areas it's really on the basis of the taste that they're bringing the products in, because again by having an all-natural product, we really can provide that clean, natural taste.  Our sales growth has been very strong for this franchise, a compound of 16% and we see lots of room left for continued growth. And in particular the reason we feel that there's a lot of room left is that the Natural segment, in general, is the booming segment in the overall U.S. and this is our entry to play in that segment, a $30 billion estimate by 2014 for total Natural products. Our household penetration of our sliced items is at 8%. So again, lots of room to grow and we continue to come up with new items to augment the franchise, most recently mesquite turkey, our brown sugar ham product and black pepper turkey. Another area within our refrigerated foods portfolio that’s been a great growth vehicle for us, is the area of refrigerated entrées and sides. And the notion of moving from just a meat case with mostly raw products into prepared products for time-pressed consumers and for consumers who don't have the cooking skills that maybe consumers of the past used to have. By virtue of both the innovative items like our Hormel Refrigerated Entrées that we created on our own, and the acquired items such as the Lloyd's Barbecue line and most recently the Country Crock line, we now have that single source within that refrigerated case for meal component items. This allows us to provide expertise to the retailer, allows us scale in terms of both logistics and just selling into the category, and is an excellent opportunity to cross merchandise.  This category, our total Hormel items, whether you're looking at the potato-based items or the meat-based items, have household penetrations in the 6% or 7% range, so again, lots of room for growth. And indeed we've seen that kind of growth. We've been growing at a 21% rate in this franchise, but certainly, and part from the acquisition activity, but even after we brought things on board, we've seen that further growth in them and that frankly has been the key to what we look for in an acquisition. We look for items that we think we can bring something to the party beyond just writing that initial check that fit a logical adjacency in our portfolio and Lloyd's and Country Crock have done exactly that. Moving onto the grocery side of the business but staying in the realm of prepared meals, our Refrigerated Entrées are more of a dinner occasion and more of a family occasion but our Hormel Compleats meals are much more single-serve, a gigantic category if you add together frozen, shelf-stable and refrigerated, and clearly we are one of the big players in terms of shelf-stable items. Now unlike many of the other franchises I'm sharing with you today, in this area, we would confess that we've seen a little bit of a leveling off in the business and indeed even in our most recent quarter results, our Hormel Compleats were down slightly. It's been an item that's been challenged somewhat with the recession. Other processors have run into the same issue of convenient-based items with consumers trading at least in the short term away from some of those items to other options. But even where we're leveling off, it's still a far cry from where we were back in the mid-part of the decade, and we're far from finished in terms of what we think can happen in this category. And obviously, one of our colleagues within this category believes the same thing because in walking through last night and looking at that ConAgra set, they had some of our items in there, they had their own items in there. They're making significant investments in this category and so are we. And we definitely believe in the fact that these meals really meet the needs of modern consumers and can continue to be a growth vehicle for us. In order to continue to augment that, we're looking at various elements of our portfolio at all times. We're looking at our package design right now. We did roll out a new sub-element of the product portfolio, our Hormel Compleats Kids line of products. These lines meet all the USDA definitions for health-based items, and with all the attention these days on childhood obesity, we're very confident that this is going to be an excellent product line addition for us as well. It's been well-accepted thus far by the retailers. We will continue to advertise the Hormel Compleats brand here in 2011. And in the long run, we will continue to look for ways to raise the bar on product quality within this category and also look at other segment opportunities, whether they be breakfast, whether they be ethnic or other options. Total household penetration for the shelf-stable meals franchise for us under Hormel Compleats is at 11%. So again, lots of room to grow. Another key area of growth for our Grocery Products portfolio is Mexican food. And for us, Mexican food, this is a U.S.-based franchise. We bring products in from Mexico -- our partners, that's part of the portfolio but these are products sold here within the United States. And really there's lots of elements for the Mexican Food business within the United States, a total of $6 billion of business in the U.S. And with the recent moves we've made with our MegaMex expansion and most recently with Don Miguel, we play really in all these elements with both traditional franchises and with more modern franchises. So we have tortilla and chip-based items, we have salsas under the Herdez, La Victoria and CHI-CHI'S brands, within the mainstream segment. The Don Miguel portfolio brings us prepared food items such as burritos and flautas. Within the Staples area, we have some of the authentic sauces that come direct from Mexico such as BÚFALO; or peppers under the Embasa line; or Mole sauce under Doña Maria; and then we have niche items such as corn cakes and prepared meal items and mix kits as well.  And this again has been a story of acquiring growth, find things that are logical adjacencies and leverage against a particular category, all fold in 2011. We will be controlling about $300 million worth of sales within this venture. As I explained on the last conference call, the Don Miguel portion of the sales will not reflect in the GP [Grocery products] sales results but that's the size of the total franchise. And this has more than met our expectations thus far since we've embarked upon MegaMex. And then the last area I want to highlight for you today is within the realm of Jennie-O Turkey Store and really their whole proposition is branded value-added turkey under the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand. We think the Make The Switch campaign has been an excellent catalyst to bring new consumers into this franchise and we will continue to beat that drum as we go forward. We've had great growth already from the turkey frozen burger franchise, as well as turkey tray pack, but we see lots of room to grow in the future as household penetrations of these items are again on the very low side. Now in talking about the growth of the company, I'd be remiss if I didn't at least talk about the so-called legacy elements of the portfolio because I don't want to give you the sense that we've forgotten them or that we ascribed sort of the classic model of that oh gee, a brand eventually has to go into decline. These franchises are very venerable franchises for our company, yet as they experienced very nice growth over the last three to four year timeframe, and indeed even in the most recent quarter, these were all growing items for us going forward. Sometimes you have to do simple things like put easy-open-tops on Hormel Chili or do simple line extensions like SPAM Singles for SPAM, but we're always looking for ways to continue to grow our legacy portfolio as well. So all told, to me this is the story of Hormel Foods. It's this mix of the balanced model, of our success and innovation and of the leading brands that we control. And there's always going to be macro conditions we're confronted with. Today's macro conditions are the pork market or increases in grain costs and so forth. Our team, I think, does an excellent job of managing against these contingencies, but in the long run, our focus is here. Our focus is on building these branded franchises. And our success, if you really look at them, is in the area of niches. Some of the broader categories in the meat business that we're looking at are not necessarily robust growth categories, bacon as a whole or ham as a whole or canned meats as a whole, but if you can find the right vehicle within those areas, it's pepperoni, it's party trays, it's value added turkey, it's Mexican food, we do believe we can continue to find niche items that will drive growth for Hormel Foods. And then on top of that, really a key from our company's perspective is the team that gets it done back in Austin, Minnesota and back throughout the country. One of the hallmarks, we're kind of a conservative Midwestern company in a small town. We still place a great value on long-term employment in our company. The average tenure of our officer group in our company is 26 years with Hormel. That's a little different than most models out there but it serves us very well and we think it’s been a key element of our success. When I was at that CAGNY conference that I mentioned to you back in 2005, we articulated at that time very specifically what was going to be our growth guidance on a long-term basis. And it's sort of a mantra internally, it's five and 10, five and 10 -- everybody teases each other about. But it's 5% revenue growth and 10% earnings growth. Those are our goals. When we look backwards now from the vantage point of here in February of 2011, we can say we did achieve the 10% growth and earnings and we did achieve the 5% -- it was actually 5.4% on a compound basis growth in sales. So I hope that, that provides a little confidence in the audience here in our ability to deliver against our goal. With that, I want to thank you for your attention and we'd be happy to take questions at this time.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: I wanted to start with Jennie-O Turkey and complement you on the tremendous quarter of performance. But how should we think about that business going forward given the obvious challenges for grains, weigh that against capacity utilization improvement efficiencies? How should we think about margins in that business as we progress through the year? And then second, on the Export business, are there opportunities for that business given the sick pigs in Korea, any opportunities to step up that business?
Jeffrey Ettinger: From a quarterly performance standpoint, the kind of operating margins that were generated in the first quarter would not be what we would model to on a full year basis. The first quarter is typically a fairly decent quarter, we have the Thanksgiving and Christmas seasons in there as well. But clearly all elements were aligned for Jennie-O Turkey Store during this last quarter. Some of those elements may shift as time goes on. It's hard to tell what's going to happen with the commodity meat market, but that was certainly a benefit to Jennie-O as we saw unseasonably strong thigh meat and breast meat market. Some we know are going to change because over time, the hedged positions that were advantageous for this quarter are going to lap off and we're going to be at a higher cost environment going forward. And that will be one of the challenges of that team, is to make sure that they find the efficiency savings and take the pricing necessary to cover down those elements. But clearly, the investment we've made in the brand, we feel is essential to continuing to introduce and support the value-added items that can lead to very strong performance for Jennie-O over time. On an international basis, it's a small part of our business. We do kind of recognize it the same way you do that it makes sense that it could be a growing protein and that we could be a growing player in that. But at this point, it's still quite small and we'll just kind of incrementally try to see if we can grow that.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Could you just give us, really two questions here, could you give us a little bit more granularity on the turkey results? Sales were up 14%. Could you talk about price versus mix because it sounded like you had more value-add going through the quarter because of advertising, then of course volume. And also some kind of indication on what the hedge benefit was? And then my second question is really on pricing. Jeff, I think in the last call you had, you talked about pricing across a variety of items within the Grocery Products segment, but it wouldn't hit until the second quarter. Is that still the way we should think about pricing because if margins were down there year-on-year, should we look for some margin improvement in the second quarter and going forward?
Jeffrey Ettinger: That is correct on Grocery Products. We took a wait-and-see attitude during most of fiscal 2010 about pricing to see what was going to happen with grain. It got worse. So wait-and-see went away as of the end of the fourth quarter. There's a certain notice element that all of in the Grocery business have to provide these days. For certain other franchises, where if they're market-based items such as bacon or fresh pork, those prices already have moved and were reflected in this quarter's results. But for items like Grocery Products which are more of a list price element, we actually announced two different waves of price increases, one of them kicks here in period four and the other one kicks in, in period six. So you're correct, in the first quarter results there really was no benefit from pricing for Grocery Products and we'll see that a little bit in the second quarter and much more so in the third quarter.
Jody Feragen: And I think if I'm recalling the question correctly, it was the driver of the Jennie-O Turkey Store sales, and the increase in price there was mostly related to the commodity meat sales. They had increased volume in commodity meats as well as the higher prices than we'd experienced before. I would tell you that in the value-added businesses that they have moved pricing. But those same high commodity meat prices are the transfer values that go into those value-added products. So they're probably not fully covered down. The hedge benefit, I would say that there we're probably seeing the stronger portion of it in the early half of the year and that, that will tail down at the end of the year. So first and second quarters are probably going to have a better hedge benefit for Jennie-O than the end of the year, and I don't have specific numbers related to that.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: To catch up on the $2 billion new product challenge, has Hormel actually accelerated the new product beyond what your original plan was, are we going to start to see them within the next three to six months? How does that play out? That's my first question.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well the measurement we use and other companies use different measurements, we only look at the current year sales, but we will track back which is now -- we started to measure the year 2000, we're still tracking some of those items. For a 120-year-old company, I guess 10 years to us is still relatively new. We always have a certain amount of new offerings coming out in the marketplace. Examples of that for this year would be Kids Compleats or the Pepperoni Stix and the Salami Stix, those items. But it's also the acceleration of other items. We see that. It takes time to change consumers' taste. We often are seeing accelerations in growth in year five, year six, year seven that's true with the retail grocery environments or frankly even in Foodservice. Again, I didn't spend much time on Foodservice today but we have franchises such as AUSTIN BLUES and Café H and the Natural Choice component of Foodservice that keep showing growth as well, and that has to support ultimately hitting that $2 billion goal.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: On advertising, it seems like you got a higher return on investment on your advertising on the Turkey business. Are there other parts of your portfolio that maybe now you look at, and say, well maybe we should be spending a little bit more and we should accelerate into 2011 and be able to get a return similar to that of the Turkey business and which products. Can you just go into a little detail on that?
Jeffrey Ettinger: It definitely is eye-opening. And in fact, I highlighted probably the major areas we have advertising expenditures but we had a few others this year. One would be out in the West Coast, for example, is our Farmer John franchise. They had very strong success with a local campaign effort. So you're always looking to see what's working, and I definitely am a believer of throwing logs on a fire that's burning already. And so if we find something that's being successful, we should look for an opportunity to enhance that advertising. And in terms of newer items, I think over time, you'll see us get more and more active in the Mexican food area. We have a number of brands there but we're starting to focus our attention on certain brands for certain product types. And so we'll see where that heads.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Jeff, just to clarify, on one of your slides about Turkey, you cited 4% and 8% household penetration for turkey burgers, I believe, in ground meat or something. Is that Jennie-O number or is that category number?
Jeffrey Ettinger: All of the numbers I cited on the slide today would be our brand household penetration.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Roughly speaking, what's your share in those businesses and how's the market share for turkey burgers?
Jeffrey Ettinger: In the lean ground area, our shares are in the 30%, 35% range and turkey burgers were well over half of the prepared frozen market on a measured basis.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: So you're still talking about pretty low numbers. I guess as that business potentially grows, I think it’s one of the questions I’ve probably asked a million times, but we've talked about a high single-digit type normalized margin for Jennie-O, but as processed gets bigger and bigger, it seems to maybe migrate upward. Has that happened? What’s a sort of normal conditions, operating margin for the Turkey business over the next five years?
Jeffrey Ettinger: It's been hard to tell. I think we've had excellent success at least moving the range upward for the low-end and the high-end, but it has been so volatile with the kind of grain picture, that's by far the part of our business that’s most exposed, the direct involvement of grain increases and we've seen now two very significant waves there. We tried to reduce the swings in terms of the commodity market but as Jody talked about for this quarter, they still were a very relevant component of that portfolio. But we know we're moving it upward but we probably haven't settled in yet as to what exactly, if there's a new number there that we can move our goal to in Jennie-O Turkey Store.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Jody, you mentioned high transfer prices. Are there any non-vertically integrated players out there who are sort of suffering in this environment knowing your competitive set?
Jody Feragen: I guess if you we're just making the turkey lunch meat or something, you'd be buying it at market price. Jeff would be the better guy to answer your question.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Let me be more specific. Have you seen any kind of unusual competitive activity that were on marketing or pricing that might indicate a level of competitive distress among players that aren’t vertically integrated or less so?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, we tend to gravitate toward niches where we can have leading shares. We run up against different competition depending on what the segment's like. So that can be a fairly uncertain segment that was here a few minutes ago, it could more [indiscernible] (1:05:40) in certain segments. [Indiscernible] (1:05:43) would be a model where they have half their own company assets half procured. So everyone is in a little bit different supply situation. But I guess we’ve reasonably good success with the pricing initiatives that we’ve pushed, so far so good on those, and that could be in part because of our strong shares and because of our support for the brand.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: The cutout margins have been remarkably good for remarkably long. There's kind of a theory out there that the industry is being very restrained in terms of its ability to run on -- or willingness to run on Saturdays or add hours to their production week. Do you have any thoughts on why we're experiencing such great cut out margins even with hog prices up quite a bit?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well certainly, our volume’s been fairly steady. But as I talked about earlier, we're not one of the volume players within the pork segment. We're the fifth or sixth largest processor. I can’t speak for what the business rationales are for the other processors. What is clear in the marketplace is that at least one of the plants is closed and so there has been some tightening of capacity in the industry. And the other thing that seems very clear is robust export demand. And so that certainly is driving demand for certain other primals and that's spreading, right now at least, that processor margin. I think we've said over and over on our calls lately, we're not banking on that. It certainly has been a benefit to the group. It's been somewhat of a detriment to the value-added products to have that higher transfer in. But for example, in the guidance we provided for the remainder of the year, we're not counting on getting the double-digit processing numbers that have been generated here lately.
Jody Feragen: I would just add part of what's keeping the hog numbers and processing numbers in check would be the supply on the ground. There's not expansion on the farms either.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: The Sara Lee Meats business will be a standalone business a year from now. When you think about your M&A strategy there's all kinds of ways to look at it. Would you make a big deal based on cost synergies alone, or would it have to be because you have some expertise that you think you could lend to a business like that? Or do you think that they have some expertise that you think that Hormel could benefit, or should we just not even answer the question and just move on?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I really can't speak necessarily to Sara Lee in particular at all, but I certainly can talk about general acquisition philosophy, if that's okay with you. Our track record would say we try to make investments in areas we know at least something about. That we want it to be more than just that initial check. So if you look at the recent acquisition, it's Country Crock to add to that refrigerated food line. It's two expansions of the Mexican portfolio, it's Burke's pizza toppings to complement our pepperoni. It's several years ago the Turkey store, to blend in on a branded basis with Jennie-O. So that would be the likely areas we would look. We also have said in the past that we're certainly willing to look outside the United States, with a focus on Asia. But again, it's got to be the right deal at the right time at the right price for it to make sense with Hormel. And we certainly recognize we have both the cash and the debt capacity to expand our business through acquisitions if the right deal comes along.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Focusing again on the Pork business, but I wanted to ask a question more on Grocery Products. It seems like hog prices are up, cutouts are up. And this year, the margins maintained through the whole system, again like last year, you may see some unprecedented levels of cutout prices and maybe even prices for some of your Grocery Products. Now, you have the largest percentage of value-added products from the companies that we follow. What has been the consumer reaction to higher niche prices and how are you looking at that?
Jeffrey Ettinger: The key for us that we're going to measure -- we try to work frankly in a partnership with the retailer and a partnership with the Foodservice operator to attain that optimal pricing level. Everybody knows we have a lot of costs to cover, but we also know that we need to ultimately address what the consumer’s needs and desires are. To us, the key barometer is are our items are still growing, and at least through as we said here today through Q1, we had all five segments up. We're really in pretty good shape. That doesn't mean we don't have a few isolated portfolios within certain segments that we keep an eye on and those would probably be ones we’d be a little less likely to push pricing. But that is, as we move into a higher and higher cost environment, we clearly recognize that at least, to somewhat of an unknown [ph] (1:11:05) as to what consumer reaction will be not just to the most recent price increase, but to maybe one that’s going to have to be taken this fall.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Jody, you have about $350 million of debt on the balance sheet and otherwise your net debt free. Could you share with us how you think about your capital structure and how much leverage you'd be willing to take on for an acquisition?
Jody Feragen: Providing it provides all the things that Jeff just predicated, that it would deliver -- certainly, we've always talked about being comfortable with up to $1 billion worth of debt. Our $350 million goes away June 1st. We probably will do a small offering just to keep our name out into the capital markets. But we would love to have the opportunity to invest in our business through an acquisition that delivers strategically for us what we need.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I think that's about all the time we have. Thank you very much again for a great presentation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-11-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey Ettinger – Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Jody Feragen – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Kevin Jones – Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc. Diane Geissler – CLSA Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co. Will Sawyer – Credit Suisse Lindsay Drucker-Mann – Goldman Sachs Todd Duvick – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Larson – Soleil Securities Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Hormel Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings conference call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. If you have a question, please press the star followed by the one on your touchtone phone. If you’d like to withdraw your question, please press the star followed by the two. If you are using speaker equipment, please lift the handset before making your selection. This conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, November 23, 2010. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Jones. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin Jones: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 am Central time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investor section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter and the year; then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for questions following Jody’s remarks. I would ask that you please adhere to one question plus one follow-up question, and if you have further questions you can always go to the back to the queue and likely we will have an opportunity to ask that question as well. Campbell has a conference call beginning one hour after ours started, and so we want to make sure we finish on time. Thank you for your cooperation on that. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 am Central time today, November 23, 2010. The dial-in number is 800-406-7325 and the access code is 4384165. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year.  Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the Company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 32 through 38 in the Company’s 10-Q for the quarter ended July 25, 2010 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Good morning everyone. We are pleased to report another excellent quarter. Earnings per share for Q4 increased to $0.90, up a solid 17% from a year ago. For the full year, our U.S. GAAP earnings per share were $2.92, up 15% from last year. We did benefit from having 14 weeks in the quarter compared to 13 weeks a year ago. Our goal for fiscal 2010 coming off a very strong earnings year but on declining sales was to restore our top line growth. Our sales momentum from the previous two quarter accelerated in the fourth quarter. Total Company sales for the quarter were $2.1 billion, up a substantial 23% from a year ago. As a result, we exceeded the $7 billion level in sales for the first time in our Company’s history, and all five segments contributed to the sales gain.  I will now take you through each segment. Our grocery products groups reported a segment profit decrease of 6% and a sales gain of 24% for the fourth quarter. For the year, segment operating profit was down 4% and sales were up 13%. Segment profit during the quarter and for the year was adversely impacted by higher raw material costs and the Q2 charge related to the Valley Fresh plant closing. Notwithstanding this profit decrease, we were pleased to see the solid sales results delivered by the grocery products unit and our consumer product sales organization. Sales were driven higher by Hormel Chili and Hash, Compleats microwave meals, and strong sales growth across much of our MegaMex foods product portfolio. Last quarter I said I would provide more clarity around the impact of MegaMex food on the grocery products operating margins. Our operating margins for the year was 15%. Without MegaMex food sales, it would have been 18%. The absence of Carapelli sales also improved operating margins for grocery products. Going forward, because Don Miguel sales initially will not be reflected in our segment top line results, the profits on those sales should improve the reported operating margin for grocery products. Our refrigerated foods group delivered an outstanding quarter with operating profit up 22% and sales up 26%. For the full year, segment profit was up 22% and sales increased by 11%. We continued to benefit from the unusually high pork operating margins in Q4, offsetting the margin squeeze on our value-added products due to higher raw material costs. Our meat products group posted large sales gains across much of their product portfolio, led by sales of Hormel party trays and pepperoni, and Natural Choice deli meats. Our food service group also contributed to the strong top line picture led by sales of Café H ethnic meats, Natural Choice deli meats, and Austin Blues barbecue products.  I continue to be pleased with the job our team has done with the integration of the Country Crock line of side dishes. This acquisition has contributed nicely to our results. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment completed a very strong year with an excellent quarter with segment profits growing 90% and sales up 19% for the quarter. For the full year, segment profit was up 65% and sales increased 7%. Results at Jennie-O were driven by efficiency throughout the supply chain and in their operations. Jennie-O also benefited from higher commodity turkey meat prices and lower feed costs. Included in the large Q4 segment profit increase was a much larger than usual hedging gain amounting to an incremental $7.3 million, about which Jody will provide more explanation. You will recall we chose to roll out an enhanced advertising campaign for the Jennie-O brand during the second half of 2010. We believe the campaign contributed to the double digit sales growth throughout our value-added businesses at Jennie-O Turkey Store, led by retail turkey burgers and tray packed products.  The specialty foods unit reported a segment profit decline of 6% on a sales increase of 12% for the quarter. Improved sales of sugar, sugar substitutes, nutritional jars and dysphagia products were unable to offset higher raw material costs impacting our specialty products business. Notwithstanding the off quarter from a segment profit standpoint, for the full year segment profit for specialty foods was up 18% and sales grew 10%, contributing nicely to our overall Company success in 2010. In our all-other segment, which consists primarily of our Hormel Foods International business, Q4 segment profit was down 3% and sales were up 33%. Higher sales of our Spam family of products were unable to offset higher raw material costs impacting export product margins. For the full year, segment profit was down 5% and sales were up 13%.  Looking at fiscal 2011, we should continue to benefit from the solid top line momentum shown in the past three quarters. For example, strong sales of our Hormel party trays and Hormel pepperoni items in our refrigerated food segment will grow our presence in the home occasion and snack categories. We have many other growth platforms that we believe will help drive our results in fiscal 2011. All told, we expect to achieve sales gains in all five segments in fiscal 2011. We also expect to generate segment profit gains in all five segments in fiscal 2011, though our current expectation is that both refrigerated foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store may see much more modest segment profit growth in 2011 after such substantial gains in 2010. We will start fiscal 2011 with the continued benefit of historically high pork operating margins in our refrigerated food segment, but we do not presently expect these historically high margins to continue. On the other hand, we believe that our initiatives with Mexican foods and the addition of Don Miguel will help drive strong results in our grocery product segment in 2011.  Headwinds to our outlook for 2011 include continued higher raw material costs, significantly higher grain costs, and the absence late in the year of both the extra 53rd week and the hedge gain at Jennie-O Turkey Store. In reaction to the higher raw material costs, we are embarking upon a program of strategic and modest price increases with a number of our products. After taking into account all of these significant factors, we are setting our fiscal 2011 earnings guidance range at $3.10 to $3.20 per share.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2010.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning everyone. Earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 totaled $121.1 million or $0.90 per share compared to $103.9 million or $0.77 per share a year ago. U.S. GAAP earnings for the 12 months of fiscal 2010 totaled $395.6 million or $2.92 per share, compared to 342.8 million or $2.53 per share a year ago. Adjusted earnings for the full year totaled $409 million or $3.02 per share. Adjusted earnings exclude one-time charges in the second quarter relating to the closure of the Valley Fresh plant and the tax charges primarily related to the new healthcare laws. Dollar sales for the fourth quarter totaled 2.1 billion compared to $1.7 billion last year, a 23% increase. For the full year, dollar sales were 7.2 billion, an 11% increase from last year. Volume for the fourth quarter was 1.3 billion pounds, up 14% from fiscal 2009. Year-to-date volume was 4.8 billion pounds, up 5% from fiscal 2009. As Jeff mentioned earlier, we reported an incremental gain of $7.3 million in our Jennie-O segment relating to our open hedge positions. We enter into futures contracts and swaps to hedge our grain costs. As required by hedge accounting rules, we periodically measure the effectiveness of these instruments. The effect gains and losses are deferred, but the ineffective portion becomes a current gain or loss. The recent rapid increase in corn and soybean prices caused the ineffective gain to be much larger than we’ve typically experienced. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were 8.1% of sales compared to 8.5% last year. Year-to-date, selling, general and administrative expenses were 8.4% of sales compared to 8.7% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be approximately 8.5% of sales for next year. Interest and investment income was 2.4 million for the fourth quarter compared to $2.2 million last year. Year-to-date, interest and investment income was $4.6 million compared to 19.6 million last year when favorable market returns on our Rabbi Trust investment drove our investment income higher. Interest expense for the quarter was $7 million compared to $6.7 million last year. Year-to-date, interest expense was $26.6 million, down from $28 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately 20 to 23 million for fiscal 2011. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 34.8% versus 34% in fiscal 2009. The year-to-date effective tax rate is 36% compared to 34.5% last year. For fiscal 2011, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 35 and 36%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year was 133 million shares. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year was 135 million shares. We repurchased 370,000 shares of common stock during the fourth quarter and we have 4.4 million shares remaining to be purchased from the 5 million share authorization in place. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $33.5 million compared to $33.1 million last year. For the full year, depreciation and amortization was $126 million compared to $127 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be about $125 million in fiscal 2011. Our $350 million bond due in June of 2011 is classified as a current obligation, so we carried no long-term debt at the end of the quarter. During the quarter, we made a $50.2 million contribution to our pension plan for a total of $70.3 million for the year. We invested $76 million in our MegaMex joint venture in the fourth quarter to facilitate the Don Miguel acquisition.  Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $26 million, flat with last year. For the full year, capital expenditures total $90 million compared with $97 million last year. For fiscal 2011, we expect CAPEX to be approximately 120 to $130 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question and answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. As a reminder, if you have a question please press the star followed by the one on your touchtone phone. If you would like to withdraw your question, please press the star followed by the two. If you are using speaker equipment, you will need to lift the handset before making your selection. And ladies and gentlemen, please limit your questions to one question and one follow-up, and re-queue for any additional questions. And our first question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning. Congratulations on a strong quarter.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you, Akshay.
Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just wanted to—Jeff, if I may just talk a little bit about the processing business and refrigerated foods and others. Always a lot of questions, but it seems like just throughout the industry there’s been above average margin in the processing business; and even though you have higher value-added portion, you’ve been benefiting from that. And you are continuing to say that you don’t expect this to sustain itself, these higher margins. Can you talk about why that’s the case and then why do you expect margins not to be sustainable, and maybe even talk about why they are so high today.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I think our outlook is that we’re not counting on it. We—you know, just a couple years ago or not even two full years ago, we were in the exact opposite situation and look at negative cut-evens and substantially below average cut-evens. I guess those of us who have been in the business a while, we see these things swing. Now, is it possible we’re at some kind of level of a new norm? Yes, that’s possible; but we’re not banking on that in our 2011 guidance. Over time, if the processing margins become more moderate and as we take pricing action to catch up with where the pork market has moved, we expect our value-added items to shine through and to be the major growth vehicle for refrigerated foods.
Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets: So why do you think it could be a new normal, if it is? I mean, can you just—it’s not really clear to all of us, I think, on the—here where we said today as to why margins are in fact higher. I mean, we see a much tighter supply and demand situation here in the U.S. but why should it be sustained? I mean, I’m just trying to get your sense of where we fall on that. I mean, you just mentioned that it could be a new norm. Can you help us understand why that could be the case?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I said it could be but I also said that if you look at based on what our guidance has been formulated against, we don’t think it is. I mean, it’s—but I would have sat here three or four years ago and been fairly astonished at corn regularly now being in the $5 range too. Our best guess right now is that this is still a somewhat temporal run-up, that it will eventually moderate back down to a more normal level; but given that we told you that the last two quarters also and it outlasted our expectations that time, I guess I’m just being a little more cautious in terms of being a know-all and see-all in terms of where this market goes. In the long run, again, it’s just all gets back to when we try to figure out what the likely input costs are going to be and then turn loose our food service and meat products groups to sell value-added products against that cost environment.
Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. I’ll get back in the queue. Thanks.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everyone.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Hi Ken.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: So I guess my question is can you talk about what changes you’ve made to Spam and Compleats to regain some sales momentum; and my follow-up just with that is are there channels that you are outperforming because still the retail take-away doesn’t seem as good as what you’re putting up, so I’m assuming it might be in alternative channels. If you could just talk to those two issues, that’d be great.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Okay. Spam, to me, I really haven’t viewed that as a problem any time during the year. I mean, we had very strong sales in 2009. It’s bounced around a little bit more in 2010 but in the long run we think that’s going to be a nice steady contributor for us, and that’s what it was during the fourth quarter. On Compleats, we were pleased to see a turnaround in Compleats. One quarter to me doesn’t—I don’t take full comfort that, okay, the job’s done. I am excited by the new product offering that the grocery products marketing team and sales organization is bringing to the market, which is Kids Compleats, items that meet the USDA definition for healthy products for children, and so that we hope will stimulate expanded growth during 2011 for those lines. To your second question, without a doubt there is a difference from brand to brand as to how much of our business is in a reported channel versus non-reported channels. I don’t want to get too specific with it but you did happen to bring up—both the examples you brought up have higher than normal sales in the unreported channels.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning. I guess just on Jennie-O, Jeff, it was a great quarter; and looking into ’11, you talked about higher year-over-year profit growth, though, moderating. And I’m just curious if—I know sometimes you’re reluctant to talk about it and you talk about your typical hedge position, but you talked about the gain in the quarter. I’m wondering what your coverage is like going into fiscal ’11 on grains. And then also, it looks like—I guess because of the strong profitability, you’re seeing (inaudible) up pretty strongly over the last six weeks; so if we’re facing higher production and higher grain costs next year, it would be difficult to grow EBIT year-over-year.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well on a coverage basis, we’re still kind of in our normal articulated guidance range that will cover our internal corn and soy needs in the 25% to 75% range. We’ll acknowledge that we’re on the upper side of the 50% rather than the lower side. We did think there was more upside risk heading into 2011 than there was downside opportunity. And so it’s up to—that will help moderate some of the pricing actions that Jennie-O Turkey Store has to take in 2011, but it won’t eliminate them altogether; and indeed, if we don’t get relief in the markets in the long run, they’ll probably have to be right back out there heading into 2012 looking at another step in their pricing. But that’s just something they need to do in terms of managing their customer relationships and consumer reaction to that.  In terms of the commodity markets, I mean clearly they are quite high right now. We don’t sell a lot of breast meat on the commodity market so that element of the composition is less significant to us; but the hifi meat markets are certainly beneficial to Jennie-O and we expect that to be a positive for them in 2011.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Hi Farha.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Congratulations on a great quarter.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: And on MegaMex sales and your whole Mexican initiative, could you share with us kind of what MegaMex sales were, what do you expect them to be going forward, and could you give us more color on how Don Miguel will impact margins in that business or benefit margins in that business?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, sales all told, if you count all the brands that we combined together with Herdez Del Fuerte over a year ago, and then you add on Don Miguel, we’re talking about a business venture that’s north of $300 million, so it’s a significant investment for us and piece of our portfolio. As I tried to articulate earlier in the comments, you’re not going to see all those sales roll through grocery product sales because the Don Miguel portion is not going to be going through, at least in the first year, and we’ll have to talk with the partner over time as to what the best way is to manage that aspect of the business. That’s in part to allow us to get our hands around Don Miguel and in part it’s in recognition of the fact that nearly half of Don Miguel sales are in the C-store channel and that’s not been our typical forte of our consumer product sales organization; and so we may have a hybrid approach or we may have to bolster our skills within DPS for covering C-stores. But that’s something we’ll chat with the current Don Miguel management and with our partner going forward.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: And then margins in that business going forward, are they going to be similar to grocery products because Don Miguel sales won’t be included but (inaudible) will be? I’m just trying to figure out how to model that segment.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Yeah, I think for this upcoming year that will certainly be a plus to grocery products and so instead of the 15% we ended up with this year, you’ll start moving toward that 18% number; but it’s not going to fully get you there.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Okay, and my follow-up on that is you have a significant cash position and no debt. Could you share with us your priorities in cash and how your M&A pipeline is looking?
Jody Feragen: Hi Farha, this is Jody. Yes, we do have a significant amount of cash. Certainly our announcement yesterday of a substantial increase to our dividend is to somewhat address that and also to recognize that we did have a very strong year and expect to continue to have a strong year next year. So returning cash to shareholders – we repurchased shares in the fourth quarter; for the full year to the tune of about $70 million. That remains to be another opportunity for excess cash. But really it gets down to looking for those M&A opportunities and internal organic investments in our business. That’s what’s going to grow us. And there seems to be a lot more deals that get announced in the news. I don’t have anything to tell you today. We typically don’t speculate about that. 
Farha Aslam: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Good morning.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Hi Diane. 
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Congratulations on your quarter.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Just on the grocery product segment, I have a two-part question since I’m only allowed one question. So part one would be my accretion level on Don Miguel, I’ve worked out to be about $0.06 or about 100 BPs on the EBIT margin. Could you help me there – am I in the ballpark? And the second question on grocery products would be you mentioned that because of the raw material inputs, you were taking some pricing. Could you give us some idea about your expectations, even if you don’t want to speak directly to grocery products, about how much you think pricing will add on the top line in fiscal 2011?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I’ll take the second question first and Jody’s quickly doing some math and maybe we’ll answer your first question on accretion. In terms of raw material inputs, we are going to take an action on Spam. We’ve announced to our sales organization a price increase on that product line that will kick in effective the beginning of the second quarter. On a Company-wide basis, I mean, we’re really kind of evaluating each portfolio in each area of the business and looking at what consumer behavior’s been, what’s the competitive set like. I think when we take pricing, it’s probably going to be in that 3 to 4% range but we won’t be taking it on every item, and so you can moderate that number downwards somewhat to estimate what the impact of pricing would be on our overall year.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Okay, perfect.
Jody Feragen: Diane, I think you may be including the full impact of Don Miguel in your estimation, and attributing it to Hormel when we have to share that with our partner.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Okay, so I guess maybe my assumptions regarding the margin structure in that business were too aggressive; so it’s not—the margin structure would not be similar to the other products within your grocery product segment?
Jody Feragen: You know what? I’m going to let you follow up with Kevin after the call. See where your--it’s hard to model on the fly, if you will. 
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Okay, terrific. That’s fine.
Jeffrey Ettinger: We did need to bear in mind the partner interest, however you’re calculating it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tim Ramey with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning. Add my congratulations, please. 
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you, Tim.
Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co.: A clarification and then a question – how about that? Jody, I think you mentioned lower corn input costs in Jennie-O Turkey Store. Is that referring specifically to the hedging gain, or even ex-the hedging gain would you have had favorable inputs there?
Jody Feragen: I would say that our feed costs are driven by lower grain costs, and we kind of look at it including whatever gains are flowing through, but remember there’s always that time lag because you’re feeding the turkey for the full time of its life, so there are varying levels that go in there. And we really look at it as a total feed cost overall, so that was one of the drivers for them.
Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay.
Jody Feragen: The 7.3 is above and beyond that. That was an unexpected ineffectiveness gain that we had for the quarter.
Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And Jeff, I always think you’re a good window into the food service world. We haven’t really been hearing overly bullish commentary on food service, but I’d love to hear what your thoughts are right now.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I just came back from their national sales meeting and their group has a good sense of optimism. They understand that it’s still a challenging environment out there, but when you focus in on the branded value-added products they were showing growth in the vast majority of those items through the latter half of the year and have high expectations for those in 2011.
Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Will Sawyer – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. This is Will Sawyer in for Rob. Congratulations.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Hi Will. Thank you.
Will Sawyer – Credit Suisse: I just want to dig in a little bit more on the Jennie-O business. I know margins obviously have expanded a lot there, and I don’t know if you’re targets are still in the 8 to 10% range, but you want to give an update there? And also what your expectations were for margins in 2011?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I think what we tried to get at earlier was the notion that we think they can maintain the level that they were able to achieve during 2010 and expand it a little bit based on sales increases, but that after a couple of pretty solid growth years in a row that we’re not expecting the huge increases that we’ve seen in the past year. They’ve driven a lot of efficiencies within their operation and I think they’re now in a mode where clearly the top line is going to be important for them in the long run to make sure they keep that momentum.
Will Sawyer – Credit Suisse: Okay, if I can just do one follow-up. As far as acquisitions, obviously you can’t discuss anything specific, but as far as possible leverage targets, have you given us any color on that and what you’d be willing to go up to?
Jody Feragen: You know, we’ve talked before that we certainly feel we have a balance sheet that could hold upwards to a billion dollars in debt, and we have half a billion dollars of cash on our balance sheet in investments at this point. But traditionally in the acquisition arena, we kind of focus on the 300 million plus or minus, so those are the areas. 
Will Sawyer – Credit Suisse: Good, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lindsay Drucker-Mann with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Lindsay Drucker-Mann – Goldman Sachs:  Hey, good morning everyone.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Hi Lindsay. 
Lindsay Drucker-Mann – Goldman Sachs: I was just hoping you could help me better understand the composition of your guidance. I know tax rate helps a little bit, but on the divisional level maybe just talking through which divisions you expect to be particularly strong, especially if the accretion from Don Miguel is a bit more modest and you’re looking for a return to more normal—or at least not necessarily peak margins in the pork business.
Jeffrey Ettinger : Okay, be happy to do that. My expectation is that all five units will be up during 2011. I think we’re looking at modest gains, low to mid-single digits for Jennie-O Turkey Store and refrigerated foods. I think we’re looking at a fairly typical gain from specialty foods based on our long-term guidance, so it’s normally 10% but they’re short a week and that’s roughly 2%, so high single digits for them. Our expectations for international are solid double-digit growth and they had a very strong set of years for about four or five years in a row and then the last couple years have not been as strong; and so we’re expecting them to get back on track and be able to generate that. And then grocery, we’re expecting a good year out of grocery. We think they have decent solid momentum in their core portfolio anyways, and then you add to that the Kids Compleat, you add to that the momentum we have in MegaMex, you add our portion of the Don Miguel earnings. And then on top of that we do expect to benefit from the move of the Valley Fresh canned chicken production into our Dubuque facility. That was a part of the write-down we took in the second quarter but we are now producing. We just started that at the end of the fourth quarter and that will improve our cost picture for our chunk chicken line. So all of those things put together should mean the grocery products should be able to have a very strong year in 2011.
Lindsay Drucker-Mann – Goldman Sachs: Great, that’s really helpful. Thank you for the detail. And then just as a follow-up, I was hoping you guys—I know the final rule is it’s probably a little ways out, but maybe just to us a sense of how the GIPSA changes may affect your business.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, it really will be highly dependent on how those final rules look. I mean, we’re certainly in dialogues with the regulators, with our producers. Our producers are writing letters and attending hearings throughout the country. We think that many of the things in the articulated rules would be counterproductive to both our industry and the economy in general, but we’ll just have to see where it ends up sorting out and how many of the restrictions really end up applying. We definitely are in the mode of relying upon contract growing in both Jennie-O and in our hog operations, and so it’s a very important element for us going forward.
Lindsay Drucker-Mann – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Todd Duvick with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Todd Duvick – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Good morning.
Todd Duvick – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I wanted to ask about your $350 million note that is maturing in June, and find out what your plans are. Given your strong balance sheet, you certainly have the ability to pay that off, it looks like; but with the attractive rates environment, I’m wondering are you planning to refinance that?
Jody Feragen: You just kind of—your question was my answer. That’s something certainly we’re looking at. Obviously we don’t need the cash and we can diffuse the note with the cash on hand, but given the current environment we’ll certainly take a look at the possibility of maybe doing a smaller offering.
Todd Duvick – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just related to the pension plan, you do have a small underfunded status, at least as of the last year, and I assume that may be the case. Are you looking at a potential voluntary offering or voluntary contribution related to the pension plan in 2011 as well?
Jody Feragen: Our typical funding levels would be to fund normal costs on an annual basis. We did make the additional contributions in 2010 to get us to fully funded status, so our plans are in very good shape and we would just look at normal costs, which is the $20 million range for 2011.
Todd Duvick – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, so you are at fully funded status as of the end of the fiscal year?
Jody Feragen: Yes. 
Todd Duvick – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Eric Larson with Soleil Securities. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities: Yeah, good morning everyone and congratulations.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you, Eric.
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities: I’d just like to drill down a little further on the hog cutout margins. Obviously we’ve got pretty good demand. We’ve got reasonably strong exports. The tariff in Mexico didn’t seem to do anything to stem demand. You’ve got good profit margins at the producer level, and yet we’re seeing very tight supplies. We’re not seeing them expand the herd, and obviously there’s probably some caution on the feed out cost with meal and corn prices where they are. Can you just summarize maybe more on the supply side, kind of give us an idea of how the producers might be looking at this current environment as to what they might do for either expansion plans or no expansion plans.
Jody Feragen: Well, let me take a turn at the hog markets here. I’m not sure that I agree with your statement that the producers are in good shape. They had some periods of profitability but with the recent run-up in grains, if they’re not hedged on that I would sense that they’re probably not as profitable, certainly not at the level that they were earlier this year. I would expect that we should see about the same level of production in 2011. I guess it gets back to the demand side of the equation, and as you had indicated, even with some of the negatives with the tariff markets and whatnot in Mexico, we still seem to have that strong demand and that’s something that I don’t have the answer to.
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities: So basically everything you said right there, Jody, it sounds like you could have continued relatively strong cutout margins if producers really aren’t willing to expand the herds at this point.
Jody Feragen: I don’t sense that we’re going to see large scale expansion given the profitability for the producers at this point, so that’s correct. I also don’t know what consumers will do when they finally get passed through all the costs that need to go down to the consumer level, and then you also have the competing proteins that would have an impact; and if chicken starts to be a better value for the consumer, that could have some demand impact. So I wish I could give you a definitive answer. I don’t know, and as Jeff indicated in his response, it’s something that we’re just not counting on, but we’ve said that for a couple quarters too.
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities: Sure. No, that’s helpful in flavor. It helps clarify some of that stuff. Have a good Thanksgiving everyone.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport. Please go ahead.
Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company: Good morning and congratulations as well on a great quarter. Just wanted to ask about the consumer, if you could comment on how you think the health of consumer is right now and what does Hormel need to do over the next several years to remain relevant or to add value to the consumer perception of Hormel brands?
Jeffrey Ettinger: The consumer is—our reaction from our consumers to our products has been quite strong, but clearly the overall economy is mixed and still has significant pockets of weakness. Our emphasis is in part on continuing to build the brand. We’ve had a steady effort against the Hormel brand over the last two to three years, and we’ll continue that into 2011. We had an extra-strong effort against the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand in the second half of 2010, and we’re going to kind of take a little more of a wait and see approach as to the level of advertising we go after the Jennie-O brand with in 2011; but our initial read on that advertising was we saw some very nice sales increases. Otherwise, continuing to be innovative with the products is important and that ranges from brand-new products such as Kids Compleats or new versions of party trays to just kind of simple innovations even within existing franchises like our Hormel Chili franchise, simple things like putting easy-open ends on it and reducing the sodium level of the core product. We had a very strong year with Hormel Chili last year just even with simple innovations like that.
Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mike Hamilton with RBC. Please go ahead.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher:  Good morning everyone.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Hi Mike.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher: Congratulations on the year. Only in America can inactive positions lead to booking a gain. My boss is going to be really impressed with that – referring to me, of course. If you could, Jeff, take a look back at the year and assess the progress you’ve made on the value-add side within your businesses. 
Jeffrey Ettinger: I’m very happy with it. I mean, I was a little concerned as we ended last year where we had lost momentum in sales. We had a pretty so-so third quarter and a poor fourth quarter last year in terms of sales, and I think the teams really redoubled their effort to make sure that we were doing the right promotions with customers to introduce a couple of strategic good new items, and then the advertising, I think, supported it. And so we saw really very solid growth across most of our major value-added franchises as we ended the year – you know, high significant double-digit gains in grocery and meat products and food service, and the value-added Jennie-O portfolios. So I’m pretty pleased with it.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher: Thanks and congratulations.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just wanted to, again, get a little bit more clarification on the pork markets, and thank you for your comments on that, Jody; but in your opinion, what’s driving the higher cutout margin? Is it export or domestic demand?
Jody Feragen: I think it’s been a combination of both. We’ve seen strong export demand. I believe that’s weakening here lately but earlier in the year we saw strong export demand; and then we’ve had great consumer demand for pork in the U.S. and it seems to be clearing, so certainly the freezer stock inventories that came out today show that there’s—we’re still down 2% year-over-year.
Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets: So would you agree if I then said that because corn is where it is and what has happened on the producer side, which is they’ve had two years of losses, that despite demand being strong supplies are slower to react than it usually is, which is why maybe margins have sustained at this higher level? Is that a fair—would you agree or disagree with that statement?
Jody Feragen: You know, certainly supply we haven’t seen expansion in the hog industry. Anecdotally, I understand that some of the producers are finding it difficult to get the financing that they may need, and some of the larger producers are kind of waiting to see where these grain crops settle in at and to see what their business model will look like before they put anything else on the ground. So I’m kind of going along with where the USDA sees hogs for 2011 at this point, which is basically flat.
Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Securities: Okay. And then one for Jeff on the turkey side. What are your expectations, you know, supply for next year on the turkey side? I mean, we’ve seen some of the (inaudible) numbers pick up, and with a good year probably expect those numbers to continue to move up. But what are your expectations on the supply side, especially in light of what’s going on with grains?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I don’t have a full read on that. I mean, you’ve identified both the factors that people are weighing. I guess the best I can tell you is that we intend to hold the line on production.
Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Securities: Okay, great. That’s very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if there are any additional questions, please press the star followed by the one at this time. And we do have another follow-up from the line of Lindsay Drucker-Mann with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Lindsay Drucker-Mann – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks for the follow-up. I just had a question on international. If you could maybe just give us a bit of color as to why you think that division from a profit growth perspective has lagged what you think the normalized growth rate might be; and then in addition, if the Chinese initiatives to curb domestic inflation have any bearing on your business there? Thanks.
Jeffrey Ettinger: The difficulty they’ve had the last couple years has really been related to the run-up in hog costs and in turn in trim that goes into Spam. Spam is a key item internationally. Their sales growth for Spam has been fantastic, and in the long run I’m very confident that that building of that franchise is really going to generate some significant profit for that division, but we have to wait for a little bit more moderate situation and their pricing to catch up. They’ve taken some pricing action and they’ve announced their taking further pricing action. They also had benefited from pretty good margins over the years in their fresh pork business and specialized items, but again that got quite tight this year with the way the markets are. We’re expecting a gradual improvement in that picture for them, and then their momentum in these value-added items can drive the day for them. In terms of China, our China focus is primarily in-country with our two facilities, and we’re really not seeing any impact on the business there.
Lindsay Drucker-Mann – Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just following up – does your expectation that international will have a very, very strong year say anything about your expectation for trim prices next year? Do you think those will be a little bit more moderate?
Jeffrey Ettinger: We’re thinking they’ll be a little more moderate, but that’s not the key driver. That will help. We are expecting better results out of a couple of the partnership interests that we have in the Philippines and in other markets. We’re continuing to invest in growing the brand in Japan and so we think those volume increases will be a driver as well.
Lindsay Drucker-Mann – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Good morning. Thanks for the follow-up. I may have missed this – what was the advertising spend in (inaudible) this quarter?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Oh, what was just the quarter – 15?
Diane Geissler – CLSA: 15 million?
Jeffrey Ettinger : Yeah, it was—we’ll probably have to get you the exact number, but I think it was in the 14 to 15 million range.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with any closing remarks.
Kevin Jones: Very good. Thank you all for joining us. Have a great Thanksgiving.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-05-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Jones – Director IR Jeff Ettinger - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Jody Feragen - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc. Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets Diane Geissler – CLSA Tim Ramey – DA Davidson Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank Eric Larson – Soleil Securities Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the Hormel Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call on today the 19th of May 2010. I would now hand the conference over to your host Mr. Kevin Jones.
Kevin Jones: Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2010. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Central Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jody Feragen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Because Jeff and I are in New York and Jody is in Austin you may experience a bit of a delay in some of our responses to your questions as we sort out who should respond to a particular question. We appreciate your patience in that regard. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter. Then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be then open for questions following Jody’s remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, May 19, 2010. The dial-in number is 800-406-7325 and the access code is 4286994. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 27 through 33 in the company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 24, 2010, which was filed with the SEC on March 5, 2010, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jeff. 
Jeff Ettinger: It’s nice to be here in New York this morning and to have the opportunity to talk about another fine quarter of results. We are pleased to report strong earnings and sales for the second quarter. Our Q2 earnings of $0.67 per share excluding the one time charges of $0.10 per share associated with the plant closing and the healthcare laws represent a 14% increase over our results of a year ago. Total dollar sales were also up 7% over a year ago. This quarter once again demonstrates the benefit of our balanced business model as the strong performance of our Jennie-O Turkey Store and specialty food segments more than made up for the results of our grocery product and all other segments. I will now take you through each segment. Our grocery product segment reported a dollar sales increase of 6% and a segment operating profit decrease of 2%, the latter after adjusting for the one time charges associated with our Valley Fresh plant closing. Net of the new item sales of Mexican products under the MegaMex foods venture and of the discontinued Carapelli Olive Oil sales, revenues for grocery products would have been flat for the quarter. Stronger sales of our Mexican products and our Hormel Chili and Hormel Mary Kitchen hash products were not able to completely offset the pressure on margins and our Spam family of products and our Hormel Bacon bits items, prompted by higher raw material costs. The increased sales of Hormel Chili and Hormel Mary Kitchen hash resulted from increased distribution and from our new Hormel brand advertising campaign. The campaign is designed to leverage our leading brand strength in numerous categories to promote cross purchase intent. We are pleased with the success of our MegaMex food venture so far as sales of over $120 million through the first half are on pace to easily exceed the base level sales of $200 million on an annualized basis. Our refrigerated food segment reported operating profit up 7% aided by stronger cut out margins compared to a year ago. Sales were also up 7% for refrigerated foods. We enjoyed particularly strong sales of Hormel Party Trays and Hormel Pepperoni, helped in part by new products, in part by our Hormel brand advertising campaign, and in part by the great efforts of our sales organization in generating meaningful and store promotions. We are pleased with the progress in the integration of our recent Country Crock side dish business. Our team has done a good job stabilizing this business during the quarter. We can now provide complete meal solutions to consumers in the refrigerated section of the store complementing our Hormel refrigerated entrees and Lloyd’s Barbeque products. We have begun to see signs of improvement in the food service trade. Sales of our Natural Choice deli meats, Austin Blues Barbeque products and Café H Ethnic products all grew during the quarter. Segment operating profit at our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment increased by a noteworthy 93% with sales up 1%. Jennie-O results came from improved efficiency throughout the entire business. Export sales of dark turkey meat have given us an added boost as thigh meat pricing has remained very strong. Sales increased for Jennie-O in all three value added areas; retail, deli, and food service, led by retail tray pack fresh turkey and rotisserie deli products. We continue to generate excellent exposure for the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand through our sponsorship of The Biggest Loser reality TV show. Our Specialty Foods segment again posted improved segment operating profit and sales up 39% and 13% respectively, with contributions by all three sub-units of specialty foods. The leading drivers of these improved results were sports nutrition products, private label canned meat products, and sugar substitutes. In our all other international segment, segment operating profit declined 18% while sales increased by 7%. We did generate excellent sales of our Spam family of products but this was not sufficient to offset the reduced returns we experienced related to lower fresh pork exports. In our February call we mentioned that higher hog costs were on their way. These increased costs did indeed arrive and at a higher level than originally anticipated. We expect this trend to continue as we get into warmer weather. On the other hand, commodity turkey prices have firmed up as the result of industry production cuts and grain prices appear to be in a fairly stable position. Taking these considerations into account, and in light of our strong results in Q2 we are again raising our full year guidance range from $2.68 to $2.78 per share to $2.75 to $2.85 per share excluding the one time charges of $0.10 per share associated with the plant closing and healthcare laws. At this time I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen in Austin to discuss the financial information relating to the second quarter.
Jody Feragen: As we announced in our earnings release issued this morning, our second quarter results were impacted by the one time charges related to the closure of our plant in Turlock, California and tax charges primarily related to the newly enacted healthcare laws. These one time charges resulted in an adjustment to diluted net earnings of approximately $0.10 per share for the second quarter. A table reconciling our adjusted earnings calculation to earnings calculated under generally accepted accounting principles was included in our earnings release as well. For the second quarter of 2010 adjusted net earnings totaled $91.3 million or $0.67 per share compared to $80.4 million or $0.59 per share a year ago. Adjusted net earnings for the first half of fiscal 2010 totaled $202.5 million or $1.50 per share compared to $161.8 million or $1.20 per share a year ago. On a GAAP basis net earnings for the second quarter 2010 totaled $77.9 million or $0.57 per share. GAAP net earnings for the first half of 2010 were $189.1 million or $1.40 per share. Dollar sales for the second quarter totaled $1.7 billion compared to $1.6 billion last year a 7% increase. For the first half of the fiscal year dollar sales increased 4% to $3.4 billion. Volume for the second quarter was 1.1 billion pounds up 2% from fiscal 2009. Year to date, volume was 2.3 billion also up 2% from fiscal 2009. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were 8.6% of sales compared to 8.8% last year. Year to date, selling, general and administrative expenses were 8.5% compared to 8.6% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be approximately 8.8% of sales for the remainder of the year. Advertising expenses were 1.5% of sales for the quarter compared to 1.6% in 2009, year to date; advertising expenses are 1.5% of sales even with last year. We saw an absolute dollar increase in advertising expense in the second quarter and expect that advertising dollars will exceed 2009 expenditures on a full year basis. Interest and investment income was $1.4 million for the second quarter compared to $8.6 million in fiscal 2009. In the second quarter of fiscal 2009 we recorded a $3.6 million gain on the dissolution of the Carapelli joint venture. In addition, we experienced higher returns on our rabbi trust investments in 2009. We expect difficult comparisons in the back half of the year due to the strong performance of our rabbi rrust investments in 2009. Interest expense for the quarter was $6.6 million compared to $6.9 million last year. Year to date, interest expense is $13.1 million compared to $14.4 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $27 to $28 million for fiscal 2010. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 40.7% versus 35.3% in fiscal 2009. The increase in 2010 was driven by the one time impact of recently enacted healthcare legislation and the reduction in the value of our deferred tax assets due to the change in the tax treatment of Medicare Part D reimbursement. Year to date, effective tax rate is 36.8% compared to 34.9% last year. For fiscal 2010 we expect the effective tax rate to be between 36% and 37%. Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 134 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 136 million shares. We repurchased 330,000 shares of common stock during the second quarter and have 367,000 shares remaining to be repurchased from the $10 million share authorization in place. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31 million even with last year. For the first half of the year, depreciation and amortization was $61 million compared to $62 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 to $127 million in fiscal 2010. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $22 million compared to $20 million last year. For the first six months of the year capital expenditures totaled $40 million compared to $46 million last year. For fiscal 2010 we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $105 to $115 million. At this time I will turn the call over to the operator for the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: My question relates to hog prices and the impact on refrigerated foods and grocery products. This quarter you benefited from a really good cut out, do you think that cut out continues to help results going into the third quarter or do you think the higher hog prices are going to compact the cut out and therefore pressure margins in that business?
Jody Feragen: We certainly have seen hog costs that are much higher than in 2009. As we expected those too happened only they happened a little sooner for us this year. I don’t expect the trend to keep escalating in hog prices; I expect they’ll stay high. The cut out, we’ve seen a nice spread there as you commented, the cut out really is going to depend on what the demand side of the equation. Exports have been strong, if those continue there is a possibility for the cut out to move up as well. Then also you have the impact of the rising prices and what that does to consumer demand. I don’t see the cut out as clearly as I do on the hog price side.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: My follow up is on turkey. You had an extraordinary margin in the quarter; it’s above your corporate target of 8% to 10%. Do you anticipate turkey to remain above that corporate target for the rest of the year?
Jeff Ettinger: Quarter to quarter in the turkey business does vary somewhat but if you compare it to the proper quarter comparison we do think conditions are fairly favorable right now for the Jennie-O Turkey Store group and that they’re obtaining a lot of efficiencies in their operations so I do think that will continue to track somewhat above a typical quarter in each case.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: If I were to think about the refrigerated foods business split into two parts, the profits you enjoy from commodity, just slaughtering, and business you deemphasized over the past 10 years and the sort of more value added component taking those meats from, I know you get them internally, but from wherever you would happen to get them and some value added form. Can you give me a sense of what the two components would have looked like this quarter if I were to split it in that way?
Jeff Ettinger: I think the commodity side would have benefited from more favorable cut out margins during the quarter. The value added story has been a bit more mixed. We still have a number of items within the value added portfolios of both meat products and food service that are doing very well in the current environment. Then we have others that are a little bit softer based on the steep ramp up in costs that we’ve been seeing.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: I’ll use my one follow up, could you give me a sense what those ballpark, what those components would be between commodity and value added and what that usually is?
Jeff Ettinger: I don’t have a profit breakdown for you. I think we have talked in the past that approximately 75% of our sales go out in a form that we consider to be the value added products.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Is the historical range anywhere from, I always thought it was anywhere between 50% or 60% of the total profits to 120% of the total profits of that business would be value added. Would that be a right range?
Jeff Ettinger: We describe what the percentage of sales was value added and we do expect that the value added items should attain a better profit margin and a more reliable profit margin than the commodity side.
Operator: Your next question comes from Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets
Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets: One question on grocery products and if I can another one on turkey. In grocery products it seems like the margin sequentially came down looks like that’s the piece of your business that got most impacted by higher costs. Can you talk about how much of that is a timing issue? Also the volumes were really strong again and I may have missed your commentary on that so if you could comment on those two things.
Jeff Ettinger: Actually I do think that the second quarter results so you saw more pronounced impact on the cost increase on their side of the business. We did feel the same impact in certain elements of the refrigerated foods portfolio but they had the offset of the hog cut outs to dissipate that somewhat. Items that are pork based items, particular Spam luncheon meat or Hormel bacon bits did certainly see increases in the raw material costs during the quarter and that did compress the margins then to a lower level than what we had been generating in the prior quarter and even the prior same quarter last year. In terms of the sales, grocery products overall did generate positive sales for the quarter. As I mentioned, if you sort out the discontinued business of Carapelli and you put aside the new franchises that we joined to the company through the MegaMex ventures the net effect of those two would be to flatted out GP sales so it was kind of a mixed bag again within their portfolio. Chili did well, hash did well, the Mexican products did well, Complete was sort of back to even which is trending the direction we need it to trend but we did see softer sales of some of the other canned items such as Spam and Dinty Moore this quarter and the chunk meat items also were a little bit off.
Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets: On Turkey, I know Farha asked something to this extent but if I look at the seasonality in your business I would say 4Q and I believe 1Q for your fiscal year are the best seasonal quarters for Turkey and the highest margin on a quarterly basis in those quarters are 13.5%. It seems as though Turkey much like chicken is set up pretty well right now, supply/demand wise and you have some momentum on the profit margins going in. Do you see this 4Q could be record profit year for turkey? The profits should trend up, right?
Jeff Ettinger: Without giving you a specific number in terms of net margins for the division it clearly would be our position that we talked about our balanced model that as we feel a little bit of pressure in the grocery and refrigerated segments for their value added items with the spike in pork costs we do feel we have an offset in place with more favorable conditions and solid results for Jennie-O. It would be correct that we should be able to trend upward from what we delivered this quarter on a quarterly basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Diane Geissler – CLSA
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Can you tell me what was your average live hog price in the quarter and then as we look to your increased guidance what are you booking in for hog prices for the back half of the year?
Jody Feragen: Our average hog cost this year was about $10 alive hundred weight more than 2009.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Is that a first half or second quarter number?
Jody Feragen: That’s a second quarter number. About $10 over what we paid in the second quarter 2009. I actually think that we’re going to see hog prices kind of stay at this elevated level but perhaps not trend up too much higher. I haven’t put a lot of increase in the back half of the year. I do think that after our fiscal year we’ll probably see them come down quite a bit, I have a feeling that these are attractive prices for producers and that some of those empty sow stalls will now start filling up.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: You talked a little bit about seeing a recovery in foodservice I guess we could look at your portfolio and say you probably had some brands that did very well with the value conscious consumer. Can you just talk about what you expect over the next six months if we do see a shift out of retail into foodservice what that means for your portfolio, even within the grocery products I would guess Completes would do a little bit better but Spam would be a little bit weaker but I’d like to hear what your nearby forecast is so say the next six months for your product portfolio.
Jeff Ettinger: We’re certainly seeing more favorable signs in the foodservice environment. If you look at total sales for Hormel Foodservice for example they were flat for the quarter. On the branded or more highly value added items we saw some gains and we had more territories up than were down and that was an encouraging sign versus prior years. We would expect that trend to gradually accelerate. I guess we don’t feel, we’re not hearing from the foodservice marketplace that the clouds have all parted and everything is excellent now. If we do experience a shift where people start going out a little bit more often and businesses started attending a few more conferences, etc. we’re certainly well positioned to take advantage of that. We have foodservice elements in four of our five operating segments and they’re all poised with good sales organizations and with good products hopefully to deliver to that audience. Within the grocery environment, not talking just grocery product but grocery stores, our impression has been that the recession has had mixed results. We clearly saw some benefit to the traditional canned franchises for a time there where almost all of those items were up. This quarter was more mixed in that regard with chili and hash and Dinty Moore and Spam down. We also did lose some momentum in our convenience items both Completes and our refrigerated entrees during last year and so if consumers gain more confidence and the economy starts looking better we do expect those franchises to improve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Ramey – DA Davidson
Tim Ramey – DA Davidson:   The improvement in specialty was impressive. I’m wondering if there’s any new product activity or new activity for new co-pack activity for customers there or if that’s just kind of a steady state improvement?
Jeff Ettinger: Specialty has seen solid growth and that’s the one piece of our business that does have some private label involvement, a specialty products group. They’ve steadily increased their business both in the traditional items they’ve been in the past such as gelatin but also some canned meat items and so that is contributing to results. The Diamond Crystal group has found ways to continue to grow their business even during the recession, they sold, in many cases to a different group of foodservice operators and then the meat side of our business traditionally focuses upon. Then one other element that helped us this quarter was last year we had kind of a lag effect or negative effect from the Century Foods Operation as they had lost some significant business and they’ve done a nice job at replacing that business and getting back to more traditional margins for them. All three components are working well right now and our outlook for the second half would be for that to continue.
Tim Ramey – DA Davidson: On the Jennie-O business I don’t know that you said it, I’m scrambling here, did you say what your unit performance was there and do you expect, I know you’ve kept production there all proteins have essentially been cut. What should we expect for the rest of the year on your unit performance there?
Jeff Ettinger: When you say unit performance?
Tim Ramey – DA Davidson: Tonnage.
Jeff Ettinger: Total sales for Jennie-O were up 1%. The value added portion was up more than that and that’s the game plan. We have cut production over time, those production cuts are starting to lap the time when we cut them and so you won’t see the declines going forward as much in terms of total tonnage. The focus continues to be driving more products into the value added area and we saw very solid sales from all three of the value added groups at Jennie-O.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: You talked about flat sales in grocery without the acquisitions and dispositions, what would volumes have been? Just because I’m curious what the price mix is and the core price mix in the division.
Jeff Ettinger: My recollection is it’d be very similar without the, excluding those items. If any of the folks in Austin have a different number please go ahead and chime in.
Jody Feragen: Volume was down just a little bit more than flat. Volume was a little bit more negative, you get into all the mix issues so that’s kind of a difficult one.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Given the raw material increase what do you think the outlook is for pricing in grocery and what do you think the retail and consumer response will be?
Jeff Ettinger: For the grocery items we are going to take a little bit of a wait and see approach. We certainly knew that this spike was coming but we’re still not clear on how long it’s going to last. When we take pricing on our branded items both within grocery and the meat products portfolio we want to have a reliable price out there in the marketplace that we can promote against. We’ve not made a call at this time yet as to whether that group needs to be looking at pricing on those specific items. As we move closer to the fall and we have a better look as to whether the hog market is going to be as Jody described and potentially receding back a bit or whether we’re at a new level then we’ll have to make that call.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: I’m curious about the acquisition pipeline because I know last year you were saying that there were distressed assets on the block but that’s not really Hormel looks at. In thinking now there could be higher quality companies that sort of fit in your profile that may be motivated by changes in tax laws to sell. So I’m wondering if the acquisition pipeline is more encouraging.
Jeff Ettinger: I think it’d be correct to say that the folks that we said were on the sidelines last year for valuation for economic reasons might be more encouraged now by the current environment. We’ve been probably just as active as ever in terms of exploring ways to grow our business and utilize the cash that we know we have on hand and so we’re certainly actively exploring things but we don’t have anything to announce at this point. It’s the confluence of a willing seller, willing buyer, the right value and the right strategic fit that need to come together and we’ve had times in the past few years where we’ve had several of those kinds of things come together at once and then other times where we go a stretch without one.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Larson – Soleil Securities
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities:   My question relates to the protein markets right now, actually the hog markets have been benefiting quite nicely from a very strong ham export market. It seems like there’s selective strength on the export side. Then I think in your prepared comments you talked about very strong exports in the dark turkey export market, dark parts market which if you get some good pricing and some good demand in that derivative market that’s really going to help your profitability for Jennie-O. Can you give me a feel of what’s going on in these export markets and really the protein markets? Are these unusual events or are they sustainable and what’s driving those things?
Jody Feragen: We certainly have seen that exports have been up year over year and I think the USDA most recent forecast is for a full calendar year to be up about 6%. Granted the ban from Russia was just lifted but they do have some restrictions, I believe on the amount of tonnage. Really the drivers have been our neighbors to the North and South, Mexico’s strength as well as Canada. How long we expect that to continue, boy depends on the economic conditions in those countries actually that are going to drive the exports as prices continue to stay firm. I would expect that we’ll see exports on the hog side or the pork side of things to be up in that 5% to 6% for the year.
Jeff Ettinger: On the turkey side, the markets have been quite strong based on what we know right now our anticipation is that they would remain at that level. We’ve seen quite a recovery on the white meat side of the turkey business also in terms of the commodity meat markets. Although that has less direct meaning to our results because we don’t sell a lot of surplus breast meat it is supportive of the overall market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: I wanted to ask you broader picture about the impact of higher hog prices on your two businesses. If all of these refrigerated meats and processed meats companies are getting hit by hog prices together wouldn’t it be fair to say that they would all raise prices together because it’s the same impact across everybody?
Jeff Ettinger: It certainly is the same impact across everybody but all businesses have to make independent business decisions. It may depend on the strength of their relationship with a given customer or the strength of their brand in a given marketplace. Clearly just as we probably talked a year or two ago about realizing that in the long run the hog production deficit couldn’t last, the hog producers couldn’t last forever getting a negative return. Same would be true in terms of costs and pricing in the marketplace that if we attain a new level and it stays there for a while then in the long run prices are going to have to migrate up to that new level.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Stepping back, refrigerated products is that the easier part of the business to pass along the higher input costs because they tend to be, I don’t want to commoditized, but certainly it looks more like a refrigerated product rather than a packaged product.
Jeff Ettinger: There’s a significant portion of the refrigerated food sales that that would definitely be correct for. The fresh pork items clearly trade on a market basis and ham and bacon sales traditionally in both the retail and food service trade move with markets and indeed we have taken pricing on those types of items to reflect what the current market conditions are. The items where you would not see that where we’re holding back and looking at them more as we do the grocery items would be the pepperoni and the refrigerated entrees and those types and Natural Choice those types of items.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Even Natural Choice it would be more challenging you think to take prices higher.
Jeff Ettinger: We just look at it differently. I’m not saying it would be more challenging but we just look at that as a consumer packaged item that we don’t want to have it just fluctuating all the time based on underlying markets. Natural Choice frankly we sell roast beef, sliced ham and sliced turkey so you have all sorts of different inputs within the line. But you want to have a certain target price you’re looking for, for those lines, you have promoted prices you’re trying to attain and if we see in the long run that there’s a total difference in the cost that we have to deal with then we’ll have to address it accordingly in pricing but we just don’t do it on as quick a basis.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: If there is a negative thesis on Hormel it is that higher hog prices would impact your earnings growth going forward. What I’m trying to figure out is going into fiscal ’11 how big of a negative impact is it really? Is it enough to slow your ability to hit your normal targets or is it just something that you can offset through other parts of your portfolio either because the portfolio is very balanced or because you think that pricing can eventually cover it.
Jeff Ettinger: We have not completed any sort of budgeting cycle yet for 2011 but I can give you a general sense. We’ve talked before that one environment for our company that provides some short term challenges for certain units is when costs go up quickly. We certainly have seen that in the pork area. Baked into our second half number is the expectation that it’s going to be a more challenging environment for grocery products and refrigerated foods. We do think some of the other segments can offset that substantially but that is out there. Our best outlook right now for 2011 would be along the lines of what you’re describing which is I would expect out team to react to the environmental change and we’re either going to have to address pricing if there is a new higher cost level that is going to stay in place or if some of those costs recede somewhat we should be in a position in 2011 to achieve our normal long term growth objectives.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: If we look at fiscal ’10 and how its playing out, the first half of the year you definitely over delivered on where you thought you would be and as we get to the second half of the year the comparisons are tougher, operating profit growth was very big in the second half of fiscal ’09 so it will be a comparison issue and maybe a little bit of a challenging environment because of the higher hog prices, it’s kind of like a tail of two hats for fiscal ’10.
Jeff Ettinger: I think that’s fair but again we try to run the business on the basis of the full year and that was part of why we moved to annualized guidance. By moving up our guidance range now, it’s the second time we’ve done it this year, the mid point of that range would be a solid 10% increase on an earnings per share basis over last year’s results and a better increase than that on an operating profit basis because you want to wash out the rabbi trust effect. We’re going to look at the year and see if we can deliver the second half the way we’ve described it as being a very successful year and one we can build on going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company
Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company: You have accumulated a nice amount of cash on your balance sheet, just wondering if you could review your priority use of cash again.
Jody Feragen: I’m afraid they haven’t changed since last time but certainly as Jeff indicated before, we continue to look at opportunities to invest strategically either internally. Our CapEx spending has been lower and I guided the full year a little bit lower because while we’ve got great projects in the pipeline it seems to be that we’re taking a little longer than I originally anticipated in getting some of those things done and equipment ordered and what not. CapEx should be coming back online and getting back to more normalized levels in the back half of the year. We look at acquisitions, investing in our own business; certainly we’re committed to our dividends to our shareholders and share repurchase as well. Those seem to be the key.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher
Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher: It’s been a while since I’ve heard you discuss the dynamics of your hog contracts. I’m wondering, given the volatility of what we’ve been through kind of from 30,000 feet if you could assess what you’ve accomplished, what you’re seeing out there, if you think you’re taking market share, if this environment has given you an opportunity to continue to upgrade the quality of your producers in terms of their financial strength and capabilities. The picture as you see it of the progress you’ve made there.
Jody Feragen: Our hog contracts generally are based on markets so it’s usually a spread to the Western corn belts since that’s where most of our hogs are sourced. We really do follow the market. We have been fortunate that the producers we’ve aligned ourselves with have had a lot of financial strength. We have some of the smaller operators have fallen on the wayside when they’ve got in over their heads and were losing money but generally our producers have been stronger.  We continue to work with other producers that maybe are unhappy with their current packer that they’re dealing with and have some opportunities there. We feel very comfortable about the supply of hogs for the future for Hormel and these are generally long term contracts, five to 10 years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Diane Geissler – CLSA
Diane Geissler – CLSA: I think you said you repurchased 330,000 shares and you had a little bit over 300,000 left on your share buyback, is that correct?
Jody Feragen: Yes. Let me dig out the exact number for you since.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Maybe while you’re looking for that, can you tell me when did the Board reconfirm you’re almost out on your share authorization so is that something the Board takes up on a quarterly basis or how does that go?
Jody Feragen: The last time we had an authorization I think it was in 2003 that it was implemented so obviously we’ve been given the long term for it. There are 367,000 shares that were left at the end of the second quarter. I certainly would recommend to the Board that we do an additional authorization but that’s obviously something that the Board would decide. I don’t think there’s any specific timing to that answer your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: You said CapEx guidance was $105 to $115 million. Is that down, I thought it more in the $130 to $140 million before. If that’s true why is it down?
Jody Feragen: As I’d indicated in an answer to Ann earlier was we have projects in the pipeline for CapEx, it’s not for lack of wanting to do things they just seem to be taking longer than I originally anticipated in my guidance. I did pull it down for the full year. I think its being conservative, we might go over that but I was trying to give you a real picture of where I felt our CapEx spending would be. The new plant basically up and going, obviously we’re adding some additional production capabilities into there, that should get in this year. I know Jennie-O has some specific projects that they’re working on but they don’t seem to be happening as fast as I thought they would.
Operator: Your next question comes from Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets
Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets: One comment and I wanted to get your reaction. Most of your protein competitors who are publicly traded ones who are more on the non-value added side had said that we are tight protein right now especially beef and pork and chicken may be changing. In that environment some of the publicly traded ones have actually increased their normalized margin ranges for pork margins etc. Do you agree that we are “tight protein” and if that’s the case doesn’t that bode well for pricing in grocery products as you look at it over the next six months or so?
Jeff Ettinger: Actually I would agree that protein certainly is significantly tighter than it was a year ago or two years ago. The pricing equation has other elements to it. You have to look at other feature alternatives that the retailers have, we certainly have to be mindful of a consumer that in many cases is having constrained budget and is looking for as good a value as possible on items. We have to balance what the needs would be in terms of pricing to cover down our costs and what the market will bear in terms of what our consumers are looking to pay.
Operator: We do not appear to have any further questions. Please continue with any points you wish to raise.
Kevin Jones: Thank you everybody for your participation today. I will get back the sell side analysts cover us with some contact information of where I’ll be later this week. I’m going to be tied up in a conference today but I will give you some contact information so we can talk tomorrow, if not later today. Thank you very much. Have a great day everyone.
Operator: This concludes the Hormel Foods second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Jones – Director, IR Jeff Ettinger – Chairman, President and CEO Jody Feragen – SVP and CFO
Analysts: Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc. Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott Tim Ramey – D. A. Davidson & Co. Akshay Jagdale – Keybanc Eric Larson – Soleil Securities Corporation Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank North America Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse North America Diane Geissler – CLSA Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher Alan Brochstein – AB Analytical
Operator: Welcome to the Hormel Foods first quarter earnings conference call on 18th of February 2010. Throughout today’s recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator instructions) I would now hand the conference over to Kevin Jones. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin Jones: Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2010. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Central Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our Web site at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter. Then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for questions following Jody’s remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, February 18, 2010. The dial-in number is 800-406-7325 and the access code is 4198205. It will also be posted to our Web site and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 30 through 35 in the company’s annual report for the fiscal year ended October 25, 2009 for more details. It can be accessed on our Web site. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Ettinger: Good morning everyone. We got off to a great start in the first quarter. We had record earnings, up 37% from a year ago, including double-digit profit gains from four out of our five business segments. We are particularly glad they’ve registered a dollar sales gain of 2%, which is a significant turnaround from our fourth quarter last year. Our recent announcement of our new Hormel brand advertising campaign demonstrates our commitment to building our brand strength across both our grocery products and meat products product line. The aim of this new campaign is to create synergies across all of our 15% categories in which the Hormel brand is a major players. I will now take you through each of our operating segments. For grocery products, segment profit increased a substantial 37%. Segment profit was aided by lower raw material costs and increased revenues of our core products. Our grocery products segment reported a dollar sales increase of 8%, up 4% netting out the impact of the new MegaMex sales and the discontinued Carapelli olive oil sales. Sales of Hormel chili, our SPAM family of products and Dinty Moore stews were all up nicely on top of double-digit gains a year ago. We are already seeing the benefit of our MegaMex venture to sales and earnings. The added sales of Mexican products under this venture more than compensated for the discontinued Carapelli olive oil sales. We were encouraged to see stabilization in sales of our Hormel Compleats microwave meals line during the quarter. We recently opened our new plant in Dubuque, Iowa, and we look to that state-of-the-art facility to meet our long-term growth expectations for this product line. Our refrigerated foods segment reported a 53% increase in operating profit, helped in part by favorable cut out margins. We may recall that cut out margins were particularly unfavorable during our first quarter a year ago. Refrigerated foods experienced flat dollar sales for the quarter. Overall meat product sales were roughly even with the year ago as we experienced softer demand for fresh pork, hams and bacon. Foodservice sales remained down overall as the food service trade continues to be soft, though at a lesser rate of decline. Natural Choice deli meats, Austin Blues barbeque products, Cafe H ethnic products and pizza toppings all grew during the quarter. We added the Country Crock chilled side dish business to the refrigerated foods portfolio at the end of the quarter. This product line generated $50 million in sales in 2009, and we expect it to be an excellent complement to our Hormel refrigerated entrees and Lloyd’s barbeque products. Our early efforts will be focused on working with retailers to restore momentum to this product line. Segment operating profit at our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment increased 14%, largely driven by increased whole bird sales. We also benefitted from stronger dark meat prices as a result of decreased supply condition and good export demand. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment posted a sales increase of 5% related primarily to increased sales of whole bird during the quarter. Although Harvest volume declined during the quarter, these sales included whole birds that were in cold storage. Importantly, value-added sales also grew supported by our advertising and promotional efforts. We achieved success during the quarter in the foodservice channel and with certain retail products, including Jennie-O Turkey Store pan roast, franks and turkey burgers. Our specialty foods segment reported strong segment operating profit growth of 28% in the quarter with positive contributions by each of the three business units. The leading drivers of these improved results were sales of private label canned meat products and sugar substitutes. Sales by our specialty foods segment grew 5% during the quarter, again reserving prior trends. In our all other segment, operating profit declined by 6%, due primarily to weaker exports of fresh pork products. Sales by our international business were modestly higher as improved exports of the SPAM family of products helped offset the lower fresh pork exports. Reflective of our strong results in the first quarter, we announced this morning that we are raising our full-year earnings guidance range from $2.63 to $2.73 per share to a range of $2.68 to $2.78 per share. We recognize that this was an extraordinary quarter, while we are optimistic about operating earnings for the remainder of the year, we expect to generate more modest gains in subsequent quarters. In our November call, we have said we expected higher hog costs in the second half of the year. Those higher costs have come sooner than we anticipated. We see this trend continuing as we get into warmer weather. We also enjoyed strong cut-out margins in the first quarter, particularly compared to a year ago, and we do not expect this comparison to be as favorable going forward. At the earnings per share level, the strong investment performance at our rabbi trust last year will result in a more difficult comparison offset in part by our 53rd week this year. Jody will discuss this in more detail later. Notwithstanding the foregoing considerations, we believe we have a number of strengths that should allow us to continue to thrive. They include our strong portfolio of leading brands featuring many products that consumer see as a good value proposition and our balanced business model between packaged foods and value-added protein products. We also expect the benefit from our increased advertising levels over the next few quarters, featuring the new Hormel brands add campaign that I mentioned earlier. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the first quarter.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning everyone. Earnings for the fiscal 2010 first quarter totaled $111.2 million or $0.82 per share compared to $81.4 million or $0.60 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the first quarter totaled $1.73 billion compared to $1.69 billion last year, a 2% increase. Volume for the first quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, up 3% from fiscal 2009. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were 8.4% of sales, even with last year. Advertising expenses were 1.4% of sales for the quarter compared to 1.5% in 2009. We expect a year-over-year increase in advertising expenses in 2010, primarily related to the brand campaign Jeff referred to. Interest and investment income was $443,000 for the first quarter, compared to $2.4 million in fiscal 2009. The majority of the difference is due to lower returns on our rabbi trust investment as well as lower interest income. As Jeff indicated, we expect to see lower comparable results for interest and investment income for the balance of fiscal 2010. If you remember, our 2009 result for the quarters two through four included a gain of $3.6 million on the sale of the Carapelli business and a total of about $14 million in gain from our rabbi trust investment. Interest expense for the quarter was $6.6 million compared to $7.5 million last year. We expect interest expense to be about $27 million to $29 million for fiscal 2010. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 33.8% versus 34.5% in fiscal 2009. For fiscal 2010, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 35% and 36%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the first quarter was a 134 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the first quarter was 135 million shares. We repurchased 421,000 shares of common stock during the first quarter, and we have 697,000 shares remaining to be purchased from the 10 million share authorization in place. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31 million, even with last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be about $127 million to $129 million in fiscal 2010. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $19 million compared to $26 million last year. For fiscal 2010, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $135 million to $140 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, madam. (Operator instructions) The first question comes from Farha Aslam. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc: Hi, Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, Farah.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc: Congratulations on a great quarter.
Jeff Ettinger: Thank you.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc: Question about grocery products volume. Do you think that new source of volume from new entrance in the category and where are those volumes being sourced from in your belief?
Jeff Ettinger: Well, it would really vary by subcategory, I mean in some of our traditional products we’re clearly the share leader. As I think we have shared in prior calls, we have seen some consolidation of offerings in some of the retailers and with us being in the leading share position and having strong programs with these retailers, I do believe that’s benefited us. In some of the other categories such as Mexican food, our share is not nearly as large and so I think there we’re making great entries by gaining distribution and by having more significant feature activity with key retailers.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc: Jeff, do you think the source of volume from some stumbles on the soup side at all in your Dinty Moore and maybe SPAM brands?
Jeff Ettinger: I really wouldn’t have any basis for knowing that at this point. We might glean some information as we study Nielsen data over the next few weeks, but I don’t have any basis right now for saying anything like that.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc: Thanks. Then your refrigerated foods margins were absolutely terrific. Could you just help us understand Hormel in terms how – and the benefit from cutout versus how we should model rising hog cost and your ability to pass on those rising hog cost.
Jeff Ettinger: Well, I think we have talked about in prior calls as there are three big moving parts and they don’t model very easily sometimes. There is just sheer input costs, and we talked about we clearly recognize that lower hog inputs are favorable to our value-added items. We have also pointed out, though, in the past that we have done well in higher markets as well, and so we don’t see that as a fatal or dangerous condition for our business in and of itself. The second variable clearly is cut-out margins. Those had been somewhat more consistent but the last couple of years have certainly some extremes in that; they were terrible last year for the first quarter and they certainly were significantly improved in the first quarter this year. We are seeing more normalcy, I guess, albeit at a bouncing around level for what we are seeing so far into the second quarter. And then the third big variable is the one we really stake most of our attention on which is driving growth in our value-added business and enhancing our product mix. And so over the long haul, our goal would be to just continue to be able to generate increases in operating earnings from that segment by the combination of volume growth and enhanced mix.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc: Okay. Then my last question, I will pass it on, is you are probably closer to the food service market than almost any other packaged food company. What are your trends in foodservice as they progress through the quarter, and could you give us any color of where they stand right now?
Jeff Ettinger: Well, the decline is certainly not as steep as the year before. I think we are seeing some glimmers of improvement. Our DCB business continues to hold its own. Our Jennie-O foodservice sales were actually up for the quarter. Hormel is more at the mix stag; overall decline, but in some of our value-added items such as the ones I referenced earlier, we saw increases and we weren’t seeing increases like that last year. So we are hopeful that the tide is starting to turn and we will be able to benefit from that.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc: For the full year, would you – or are you right now expecting volumes in your foodservice to be up year over year?
Jeff Ettinger: For the full year, flat would probably be more realistic, and given that we are starting in a trough.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Feeney. Please go ahead sir.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Good morning. Thanks.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, John.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Hi, Jeff. I wanted to get more specific actually on Farha’s questions. Specifically, when you are looking at that first piece of raw inputs, it seems like over the course of the quarter that became more and more difficult, and yet when I look at your numbers compared to Sara Lee and Tyson’s seems like, you’ve put out excellent or even better numbers despite it looked like January got tougher. Did hedging play a role in your raw input cost utilization this quarter? Can you comment at all about what your hedging looks like for the remainder of the year?
Jody Feragen: Hi John, this is Jody. I will help Jeff with answering that question. You are right; the cut out situation did deteriorate as the quarter moved on and at the end of January although it didn’t turn upside down like it did last year that benefit was diminishing. From a hedging perspective, we don’t traditionally have hedges on our hog position. The things that we do hedge would be our direct inputs into our turkey and any hogs that we do own. So there is no hedging benefit from hogs that are in that refrigerated foods.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Maybe this is the simplest of question, but what is the time frame from the time you – what is the cash conversion from the time you’re actually purchasing a hog in the open market to the point where you are realizing revenue from that, is it like two or three weeks?
Jeff Ettinger: It depends on the items. It’s the fresh items will be quicker than that. Some of the value items could be quite a bit longer than that.
Jody Feragen: If you are talking – right now, we have been putting down hams for the Easter holiday season. So it really depends on the category that you are looking at.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, it is all over. Okay. Just finally on the refrigerated foods margins, specifically like the mix of value-added business, I know that you used to actually put this pyramid out that was interesting where you have this ladder value and I know at the top of that you have some products like spiral hams that have significantly higher-than-average margins, even in this 7.9%. Did you see an improved mix relative to your expectation this quarter?
Jeff Ettinger: No, not really. As we have continue to innovative, we certainly do believe we have added new entries to those top runs of the ladder the Natural Choices, Party Trays, our newer Pepperoni items and so forth and it was a mix tag this quarter on sales on some of those items. But overall, it was fairly flat quarter at the meat products level within underneath refrigerated foods, in contrast we had really quite a strong quarter almost across the board in grocery products with their franchises.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Yes. I was going to actually – my next question was just on the grocery product side. Did you see an improved mix?
Jeff Ettinger: I think it would be – it is fair to say it would have been an accretive mix ultimately to the bottom line performance. The traditional items did well and those are good items for us. And we have over time windowed our way out of some laggard area; we don’t sell Viennas anymore, frankly the joint venture with Carapelli was generating yields, but not much for earnings, and so that that’s improved the overall picture too.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: I guess I was specifically thinking more about MegaMex.
Jeff Ettinger: That has helped. It is on track for what our expectations have been. MegaMex added a couple of new franchises, La Victoria and Embasa. We didn’t see just blockbuster sales of those items right out of the gate. But we are starting to gain momentum on those and we had quite good sales of the items that we had already been involved with, Herdez and Chi-Chi’s Starters [ph] and those types of items.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: I would think despite your grocery segment margins pretty high, but those probably over index right?
Jeff Ettinger: Being over 20 right now is the level that we are not thinking we would be sustaining.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Ramey. Please go ahead.
Tim Ramey – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning and my congratulations, guys.
Jeff Ettinger: Thanks, Tim.
Tim Ramey – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Nice quarter, very nice. Notwithstanding your comments to John a second ago, you said perhaps accretive to mix but I was getting a sense of increased sales of whole bird, increased sales of private label canned meats that maybe the trade down is still on. How do you react to that? Do you think that consumers are starting to find the bottom or are they still interested in more extreme value propositions?
Jeff Ettinger: Well, a mixed answer. The whole bird improvement for us, I don’t really feel has anything to do with a trade down. It is the same branded item. I think we are performing better in that area. We managed the portfolio better there. I would agree that our increase in sales was in specialty foods and private label items certainly would be consistent with trends that retailers are seeing of increases in private label. Obviously, our major emphasis is still in the branded side of the business, and again referring to grocery where it’s easier to get the share information. We are seeing increases by private label, but they have not really been at our – expense of our branded items and we are doing I think a good job of driving our results as well.
Tim Ramey – D. A. Davidson & Co.: So if you think about the more value oriented pieces in those maybe – kind of margin in high mix items within your portfolio, just to pick SPAM, that sort of product where we are seeing generally continued strong movement into the product or is it sort of leveling out?
Jeff Ettinger: We had another good quarter in SPAM, and we certainly had a good year. We would conceive that the overall economic situation we think has helped the franchise. But our team there really started restoring momentum on that item. When we started advertising it, when we supported the product line with the expansion of an item such as SPAM singles, and we were starting to see increases even in ’08 in that product line, and so they have built an excellent momentum. I think they are doing a better job at reaching consumers that were friendly towards SPAM; that had it in the cupboard, but just had not got it out of the cupboard lately. And so, clearly advertising is focused on simple recipes and on getting that usage and we think that’s paying off.
Tim Ramey – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Terrific, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Akshay Jagdale. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale – Keybanc: Good morning. Congratulations on a good first quarter. Just one question on the divisional EBIT, if I may, your new guidance of positive 6% to 10% EPS growth rounded up. What does it imply Jeff for divisional EBIT? From your last call I remember that you were – you said you expected about 9% to 10% increase in divisional EBIT. But your new guidance – can you give us a sense of what that implies regarding divisional EBIT?
Jeff Ettinger: If I am correct in translating what you are calling divisional EBIT is what we are calling our segment profit level. We do continue to expect that our segment profit results will be somewhat higher than our EPS results and that relates to the factors that Jody mentioned that we’re up against both in terms of the rabbi trust comparison and the Carapelli sale last year, which was another below-the-line addition. But as I referenced, I talked about my expectations is not 30% increase we experienced this quarter, but it would be more modest increases. But we do expect to see a growth still at the segment level.
Akshay Jagdale – Keybanc: And if I could follow up on that, can you give us some color from each division – where do you expect the most slowdown in growth if you look at grocery products, refrigerated and Jennie-O Turkey for example?
Kevin Jones: Maybe in order to make sure everybody has enough time for questions, maybe if you could just focus your questions a little bit more for Jeff rather than every single segment, maybe you can focus on one or two.
Akshay Jagdale – Keybanc: Yes, if you can comment on Jennie-O Turkey, I think we have seen a lot of inventories clear out. Can you give us a sense of what you expect this year when you started off with much leaner inventories from a industry stand point.
Jeff Ettinger: Well, the mission there is really about gradual improvement and we succeeded in delivering that last year. We are off to a good start this year. Some markets are still not terrific this time here in the $40 recipe range. That’s clearly below cost for everybody in the industry. But it’s early in the year. The winter is usually the least favorable time. We expect that to improve but we don’t think it is going to be fantastic at that level. But again, our focus is always on the value-added item and so as long as we can continue to turn the momentum in those areas and grow those items and run the operation efficiently we think we can steadily increase the results from that unit.
Akshay Jagdale – Keybanc: Great. Just one for Jody in terms of in imaging your cash, I guess you bought back some shares. Can you just talk to us a little bit about priorities about using cash and maybe comment a little bit on the M&A environment and what you are seeing?
Jody Feragen: Sure. Actually our priorities for cash haven’t really changed. We continue to look at opportunities to invest in our business whether that’s investing on brands that we already have or looking for additional things and certainly the addition to the Country Crock line to the refrigerated segment is a nice add. And the fact that we’ve got our MegaMex joint venture up and going is a very good positive. We continue to give back to our shareholders increased dividends. We’ve actively been purchasing shares. As far as the M&A front, our team is focused on looking for those opportunities that meet our criteria for expanding our business and growing. So don’t have anything specific to tell you today.
Akshay Jagdale – Keybanc: Okay. Thank you. I will follow up offline.
Jeff Ettinger: Thanks, Akshay.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Larson. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities Corporation: Good morning, everyone. How are you?
Jeff Ettinger: Hi Eric, good to hear from you.
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities Corporation: Good to hear you too, Jeff. Just a real general question to start with, your overall sales level, obviously particularly grocery, I think it goes back to Tim's question. You wind up against the easy revenue to compare year over year and you had this significant recover sequentially from the fourth quarter. Did the overall pick up in your first quarter sales for the organization, particularly grocery surprise you at the strength.
Jeff Ettinger: Well, the netted out number when you cancel out the Carapelli, you cancel out the MegaMex’s 4% increase which would be consistent with what I hope that it would deliver over the long term, I can see given not only grocery’s negative revenue trend in the fourth quarter but really across the board trend, we certainly refocused everyone’s attention on the important need to make sure we are growing our franchises. And I happy to see not only their increase but really pretty much across the board in all the business segments the recovery that we were hoping to get.
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities Corporation:
 :
Jeff Ettinger: No and I think we’ve talked, last year it was in the 17. I think we’d like to get in the 18s on a sustained basis. We did have favorable cost situation in the unit for the quarter and then you got to watch any quarter, the quarter-to-quarter comparison there is a different sales mix in any given quarter. So that wouldn’t necessarily translate to the whole year even if cost saved the same. So very good quarter and I am encouraged particularly but what you’ve referenced at the beginning, which is the sales growth. And in the long haul, if we can keep that at those levels that would be a very good contributor to the overall result.
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities Corporation: Okay, great. Thanks everybody [ph].
Operator: The next question comes from Christina McGlone. Please go ahead.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank North America: Good morning. Congratulation.
Jeff Ettinger: Thank you.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank North America: Jeff, I wanted to ask you on the refrigerated segment you had noticed softer demand for some of like the commodity pork and hams and bacon. Is that because the retail featuring for pork was not as stronger? Did exports decelerated, what happened there?
Jeff Ettinger: Well, during the latter part of the quarter as we saw hog prices increase, those tend to be the market-based pricing that goes into the retailers. Those become more competitive, you don't always win the features against someone else and there are times that the retailers say, “Okay, you’ve now reached a price point that I would rather feature something else.” And I think we saw that a little bit during the latter part of the quarter.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank North America: Now that prices have gained a comeback a bit in some of the cut-out values, do you think that your rate gains being retail featuring?
Jeff Ettinger: We could, but we are also ready for it to go back up. We recognize that it has slid down somewhat here. And we will have a little bit more favorable picture for this quarter. But we know there has been some level of liquidation going on. And so our expectation is as we head into summary that we need to be prepared for higher market.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank North America: Okay. Thank you. I wanted to talk about Target's new concept, the PFresh concept. It seems like they are going to be featuring case-ready meat pretty aggressively and I think you are their sole supplier, I am not – if you can confirm that. I just wanted to know what does that mean for you in terms of earnings or margin incrementality.
Jeff Ettinger: Target is an important customer. The PFresh initiative certainly will affect a number of their stores. The assortment in those stores is quite a bit more limited than what would be in their traditional SuperTarget format or any other traditional retailer. Our joint venture with Target, the preset venture, is the manufacturer for Sutton & Dodge line, so that is the beef and pork products that would be within those cases. So we certainly think it will be helpful, but I don’t know that it is not a major EPS moving item by in and of itself.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank North America: Okay. Just to follow up on Farha’s question on foodservice, I remember at the Investor Day you said – you thought that we would see growth in the second half, but it seems from what the restaurants are reporting and even in your tone things are a little bit better. Do you think that maybe you are more optimistic than you were at the Investor Day now?
Jeff Ettinger: I think that’s correct. It’s still (inaudible). There are certain markets that are still quite weak. But overall that's the tone I am hearing from our foodservice professionals is more optimism. They are having more successes both at an item level and in certain markets. So, yes, I think we maybe are seeing a turnaround earlier.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank North America: Okay. Last question if I can squeeze it in, the Compleats line, it’s great that it’s stabilized. I was wondering what drove that and is that sustainable because sometimes we see it stabilize or do well and in the next quarter it weakens. I wanted to get an idea of what the trend is?
Jeff Ettinger: I think the history you’ve pointed out, that’s a fair characterization. So I am guarded on it. I will believe it when I see it in terms of, okay, not only have we stabilized it but are we increasing. But our repeat rates are very good with consumers. We are having good success with many retailers. We are seeing some of our heavy users come back into the category. So in the long haul, we are still very optimistic in the product line. Clearly there has been a time frame here where people traded off some of the added convenience for price if they thought they could get comparable items and a canned format. But the time press nature of modern life in America really hasn’t changed any and we think that these items will deliver against that and we should be growing again here in the very near future.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank North America: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow. Please go head.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse North America: Hi, thank you.
Jeff Ettinger: Hello.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse North America: I just – to see a 10% volume increase in grocery, just after a fourth quarter where there was I sort of call a mid-single-digit decline in grocery. It just seems like such a shocking turn. And I am sure that your products are doing well and your consumers are reacting well to them. But why the big swing and especially in an environment where none of these consumer staple companies are able to get any volume at all. Is there any change that some of this got pulled forward into first quarter and away from second?
Jeff Ettinger: I think there, frankly, is a little more of a chance that some of it might have pulled forward from the fourth quarter into the first that – the Nielsen trends in many of these categories were not down anywhere near the levels that what we saw in shipments. So I think there were a lot of factors across the board. There were some customers tightening inventories. We had hurricane comparison issues in the fourth quarter year over year. I personally think there is a little element of psychology in the company that the prior year had been a down earnings year and we were very focused on driving earnings for results in 2009. So when people had a choice to make potentially as they headed towards the end of the year, I think they were leaning towards the higher margining items potentially at the expense of volume in some cases. I thought that the time in the fourth quarter drop could be more of an anomaly. And so far I am encouraged by the results of not only grocery but the other divisions that that seem to be the case.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse North America: How much did the first quarter you think benefitted from that shift out of the fourth quarter?
Jeff Ettinger: I am just giving you my sense of it and it would be to be really clear with it. The only area that it could have even possibly happen in is grocery, the meat items on a perishable basis don’t move quarter to quarter; they sell when they need to sell. So it would be minimal, it would be 1% or 2%.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse North America: Do you think it’s fair to say that we will see volume growth in grocery for the rest of the year?
Jeff Ettinger: Yes, you will clearly see it because of the MegaMex addition and we’ll keep calling out each quarter that netting out of Carapelli will have one more quarter to do that because by the end of the second quarter we were done, but we will point out which items just came on from MegaMex, but anyway a good momentum in that franchise. I do think we – I hope we stabilize microwave and I see hopes for that growing. And we still have a great momentum in the canned traditional item. So I am encouraged that grocery should continue to grow.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse North America: Okay. Well, very good quarter and good luck. Thanks.
Jeff Ettinger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Diane Geissler. Please go ahead.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, good morning.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Congratulations on good quarter.
Jeff Ettinger: Thank you.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Have you mentioned that you saw hog prices move earlier than you originally expected? Could you give us some guidance there, and what were your original expectations and what are your expectations for the full year?
Jody Feragen: I think we talked at the end of last year that we expected the hog prices to remain status quo for the first half of the year, and the salary reductions would really kick in mid year, whether it is weather related or – it’s hard to tell when you are in the Midwest and we’ve had a lot of interesting weather days. But I do think that it has moved up and I would expect that what we expected to be in the back half of the year, we will now see in the second quarter through the end of the year which is higher hog prices, certainly this summer will be the tell tale.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Okay. Then you also said you saw that exports on the fresh side were weaker. Could you comment on – certainly Mexico has been very strong on the process side. But could you comment a little bit on what you are seeing out of China?
Jody Feragen: We don’t play in that marketplace very well and I haven’t seen the new export numbers but they appear to be very strong, and that’s what tends to drive the cut-out values a lot. Last year, we certainly saw evidence of that. So I think as the new report comes out with exports, we will get a better picture of where that’s at. But they are strong.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Okay. And then I think I missed your comment on the share repurchase. What did you repurchase and what was your average price?
Jody Feragen: We spent about $16 million for 421,000 shares.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Also now that you’ve closed on the Country Crock, what are your expectations regarding accretion from that acquisition?
Jeff Ettinger: It would be fairly modest in its first year. They had been suffering from some distribution losses. It really wasn’t in the sweet spot of the former owner. We are a category cast [ph] in that refrigerated meal area. We’ve had good dialogues already with some retailers. But in year one, we clear are going to have to do some investing to get that franchise back on a healthy basis. After that – it’s still – it is not a huge – it is $50 million in sales and it would have margins that would be typical of the value-added items within refrigerated, so maybe a low-teen margins.
Diane Geissler – CLSA: Okay. All right. (inaudible) asking there. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher: Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, Mike.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher: Jeff, you had mentioned that you saw some activity on the Jennie-O side in foodservice. Could you comment a little bit on where you are making progress there?
Jeff Ettinger: Just in general, our numbers were up for the quarter which was encouraging. Jennie-O does a very nice job in the non-commercial institutional side, which we said all last year wasn’t off nearly as much as the commercial side. And so that is maybe not surprising. Their recovery is coming quicker. So that would be their strong spot of their foodservice group.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher: So nothing new in terms of inroads in restaurant area, it’s really the traditional strength.
Jeff Ettinger: That’s fair. We are not a big QSR player; we are not a subversive player, for example, so that it’s not being driven there. And traditional white table cloth restaurant still don't market a lot of turkey unfortunately for us. So that’s not a big driver of their business.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher: Thanks and congratulations.
Jeff Ettinger: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We have a follow-up question from Akshay Jagdale. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale – Keybanc: Hi, thanks for taking the question. This one is again for Jody, just on the cash situation and in terms share buybacks, in terms of your guidance are you factoring in a certain level of buybacks? It’s just – you have $450 million on the balance sheet in cash and I know you’ve talked about your priorities and you’ve been very discipline, but leaving it on the balance sheet is probably not the best use of cash. So just trying to get a sense of what we can expect in terms of buybacks for the remainder of the year.
Jody Feragen: Fair enough and I agree, leaving it on the balance sheet is not the right focus that we have. So we’ve traditionally used our share repurchase program as a release valve. And given, there are possibilities in M&A area and if those come up I would assume that share repurchase wouldn’t be a priority. So we have that balancing act and certainly have made a nice step forward with new purchase in the first quarter.
Akshay Jagdale – Keybanc: Thank you. I really appreciate it.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Jonathan Feeney. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: I am sorry. Thank you very much. Jody, just one follow-up question on the – could you give us a rough number for what input costs were down in the grocery products segment as you experienced in this quarter. What you think that’s going to look like for the year?
Jody Feragen: I would expect for the year that we are going to see continued ramp up in input costs certainly as they relate to pork-based items because we are expecting to have those higher markets that we now saw at the end of this period. We saw below-the-line expense decreases in freight and warehousing. On the inputs for non-pork based items, those were basically flat for this quarter.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: And for the pork-based items this quarter in grocery? I am sorry, if I missed it.
Jeff Ettinger: We haven’t said a specific number, but clearly the markets were low for some of those inputs earlier on. And so whether it’s SPAM or bacon bits, they were favorable for GP.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Are we talking like down mid-singles or –?
Jeff Ettinger: I guess, maybe we’d have to follow up you with you on that.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, great.
Jeff Ettinger: I would be pulling out a number that I don’t fully have in front of me.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: A guy can always try, right. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Alan Brochstein. Please go ahead.
Alan Brochstein – AB Analytical: Hi, guys. Congratulations. I just following your company for, I guess, about six quarters now. I continue to be very impressed. I had one thing I haven’t been able to figure out, which is how much of your business would you say is either private label or close to the low end of the branded market in terms of price. Have you thought about your business that way?
Kevin Jones: Allan. This is Kevin Jones. Who are with? I don't know if I had the pleasure of –
Alan Brochstein – AB Analytical:
 :
Kevin Jones: Okay. And your question is on percentage that’s private label?
Alan Brochstein – AB Analytical: Well, either private label or with SPAM or it’s clearly more value focused.
Jeff Ettinger: We are primarily a branded company. The only area of our business where we really have any kind of focus on private label is within our specialty foods segment and we do some canned meat items. We’ve traditionally done packaged gelatin items and so forth. But it is not a large percentage. We are primarily a branded value-added company.
Alan Brochstein – AB Analytical: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) There appears to be no further questions. Please continue with any of the points you wish to raise.
Kevin Jones: Thank you everyone for joining us. I hope it’s nice and warm down there in Florida. Feel free to follow up with me after the call. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes the Hormel Foods first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-11-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives:
 - :
 - :
 - :
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Diane Geissler - Alpha Christina Macglone - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Larson - Soleil Securities Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to the Hormel Foods fourth quarter earnings conference call on today, 24 November 2009. (Operator Instructions)  I will now hand the conference over to our host Mr. Kevin Jones. Please go ahead sir. 
Kevin Jones: Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 am Central Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section.  On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter and the year. Then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will then be open for questions following Jody’s remarks.  An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 am Central Time today, November 24, 2009. The dial-in number is 800-406-7325 and the access code is 4173819. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 28 through 34 in the company’s 10-Q for the quarter ended July 26, 2009, which was filed with the SEC September 4, 2009, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you Kevin and good morning everyone. Our priority in fiscal 2009 coming off just our third down year in 26 years was to get back on track in terms of earnings growth. We are therefore pleased to see that our strong earnings momentum from the past two quarters carried through the fourth quarter as well. Earnings per share for Q4 increased to $0.77 up a substantial 54% from a year ago and all five business segments contributed to the results. Also impacting this result were investment income and non-operating items which Jody will address later. For the full year our earnings per share were $2.53 up 22% from last year, total segment operating profit was up 7% from a year ago. Total company sales for the quarter were $1.68 billion down 10% from a year ago. Part of this substantial decrease is attributable to the planned reduction of turkeys at our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment, decreased sales revenue due to lower commodity prices in our pork and turkey complexes, greater promotional spending, our continuing weak food service sales environment, the loss of Carapelli sales and some additional intentional product rationalization. In addition our top-line was impacted more significantly in Q4 by changes in consumer spending. For the full year, sales were $6.53 billion down 3% from 2008. I will now take you through each segment. For our grocery product segment, segment operating profit was up 12% and sales were down 12% for the fourth quarter. For the year segment operating profit was up 9% and sales were down 2%. Segment profit was aided by lower raw material costs and reduced freight and warehouse expenses. We also achieved an improved product mix as certain less profitable sales were rationalized. Strong sales of Hormel Chili added to the improved results for grocery products. The reduction in sales in this segment resulted in part for the discontinuation of the Carapelli Olive Oil business and also from continued weakness in the microwave category, increased promotional spending overall and some product rationalization. On top of this we experienced flat results for this quarter from such franchises as Spam Luncheon Meat and our Mexican portfolio which generated solid top-line growth on a full year basis. Our Refrigerated Foods segment finished a strong year with an excellent quarter, posting segment operating profit of 23% and sales declined 9%. For the full year, segment profit was up 7% and sales were down 2%, and improved mix and lower raw material, freight and warehouse expenses more than offset lower cut off profitability compared to a year ago. Lower primal values and a continued weak food service environment contributed to lower sales. Although our meat products group posted a sales decline overall for Q4, we did generate strong sales at Hormel Pepperoni, Lloyd’s Barbeque products, DiLusso Deli Company products and prepared deli foods. Foodservice sales remained weak during the quarter. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment posted a 6% increase in segment operating profit in the quarter reflecting lower feed costs due to our planned cuts in turkey production and a decrease in the cost per ton. Sales of Jennie-O Turkey Store declined 10% reflecting the reduced production levels and lower market pricing. For the full year, segment operating profit was up a 11% and sales were down 3%. Industry supplies have continued to decrease and cold storage levels have begun to decline compared to a year ago. As a result we began to see improved commodity turkey prices at the end of the quarter. Although value added sales declined over all by 3% during the quarter we saw strong sales at Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray pack products, pan roast and franks. The specialty food segment reported a segment operating profit gain of 9% and a sales decrease of 12% in the quarter. For the full year, segment operating profit was down 2% and sales were down 9%, down 11% excluding acquisitions. Improved earnings in the specialty foods segment during the quarter were primarily driven by increased sales of private label products by our specialty products business and decreased freight and warehouse expenses. These elements more than offset continued weak sales of nutritional and ready-to-drink products in our Century Foods business. Results for Diamond Crystal were flat with a year ago. Our all other segment which consist primarily of our international business had a strong finish reporting segment operating profit of 53% on sales down 13%. Our improved earnings in this segment resulted from lower raw material and freight expenses in addition to better currency exchange rates. Pork exports remain challenging in light of bans resulting from the novel H1N1 virus still in place. For the full year, segment operating profit was up 2% and sales were down 2%. We are clearly pleased with our results from an earnings standpoint during the quarter and for fiscal 2009, the magnitude of the sales decline in Q4 was greater than we had expected and represents an area which will receive renewed focus in 2010. To continue building on the success of our brands in fiscal 2010 we will increase our advertising spent level. This in conjunction with enhanced promotional efforts should allow us to maintain and grow market share. We are confident in our ability to restore top line growth on an annualized basis in fiscal 2010, over and above the revenue gains which will emanate from our MegaMex expansion. It may not happen right away but we expect to see this increase by the second half of the year. During the first half of the year, we should continue to benefit from more normal input cost and from reduced freight and warehouse expenses. In the back half of the year we recognize we may see higher hog costs. The turkey industry is seeing a return to balance between supply and demand which we believe will support improved earnings at our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment. We also expect improved results from both our specialty food and all other segments as improved sales in the former and more favorable currency exchange rates and improving export markets in the ladder should lead to better results. We will face some difficult comparisons with the higher investment income from our rabbi trust results this past year and we will face higher pension expenses in 2010, and finally we recognize and have built into our plans the extra week in fiscal 2010. After assessing all of these significant factors affecting our business we are setting our fiscal 2010 earnings guidance range at $2.63 to $2.73 per share. At this time I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2009.
Jody Feragen: Thank you Jeff, good morning everyone. Earnings for the fiscal 2009 fourth quarter totaled $103.9 million or $0.77 per share compared to $67.8 million or $0.50 per share a year ago. Earnings for the 12 months for fiscal 2009 totaled $342.8 million or $2.53 per share compared to $285.5 million or $2.08 per share a year ago.
 : Selling, general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were 8.5% of sales compared to 7.1% last year. Year-to-date, SG&A expenses were 8.7% of sales for 2009 compared to 8.2% last year. Advertising expenses were 1.1% of sales for the quarter compared to 1% in 2008. Year-to-date advertising expenses were 1.4% of sales compared to 1.5% in fiscal 2008. As just stated, we expect to see increased advertising expenses in fiscal 2010. Interest and investment income was $2.2 million for the fourth quarter compared to a loss of $20 million in fiscal 2008. For the full year interest and investment income was $19.6 million compared to a loss of $28.1 million in fiscal 2008. Favorable market returns on our Rabbi Trust investments drove the improvement. We have transitioned this portfolio into more fixed returns investments to help limit our exposure to market volatility going forward. Interest expense for the quarter was $6.7 million compared to $7.4 million last year. Year-to-date, interest expense is $28 million even with last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $27 to $29 million for fiscal 2010. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 34.1% versus 41.9% in fiscal 2008. The year-to-date effective tax rate is 34.7% compared to 37.6% last year. The effective tax rate in 2008 was negatively impacted by the non-deductible Rabbi Trust losses. For fiscal 2010, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 35% and 36%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year was a 134 million, the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter was 136 million shares and 135 million for the full year.
 : Long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million, our short-term line of credit was repaid during the fourth quarter. During the quarter, we also made an additional $45 million contribution to our pension plans bringing our total contribution to over a $100 million in 2009. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $26 million compared to $30 million last year. For the full year capital expenditures totaled $97 million compared to $126 million last year. For fiscal 2010 we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $140 to $150 million. At this time I’ll turn the call back to Kevin.
Kevin Jones: I would just ask our sell side analysts to please little your questions to one question plus one follow up question and if you have any further questions to get back at the end of the queue. I apologize for the inconvenience but I just want to make sure everybody has an opportunity to ask questions. Operator, at this time we will turn this over to the question-and-answer portion of our call.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Your first question comes from Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Jeff, you had mentioned throughout your commentary that freight and warehousing was lower. Is that market conditions or is there something that Hormel is doing that is more structural?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I think it’s a combination of both. We clearly have seen market relief on some of the major fewer related costs. But our team has done a very nice job attaining logistics efficiencies in the operation and those should continue going forward.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And so, if you had to kind of break down the profitability of that pieces, more structural, how much would you say we can translate into future years roughly?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I really, I mean, I have never done that. So I would really be having to wing it. So, maybe we can follow up with you at a later time to be able to quantify that a little bit more precisely.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: That would be great. One follow up, in terms of volumes that you see in your business going into next year particularly for refrigerated foods and your turkey division, any color on that?
Jeffrey Ettinger: On the question of volumes?
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Yes.
Jeffrey Ettinger: We plan to hold to the level of production cuts that we established at Jennie-O. So I would expect volume to be fairly flat at Jennie-O on an annualized basis in 2010. For refrigerated foods, our expectation is to see a decline in the later part of the year in terms of available supplies kind of what we had originally thought was going to happen in 2009 and so right now that’s what we’ve based our plans on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc.
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc: So just wanted to just question a little bit on your guidance and what it implies for divisional EBIT growth. I mean If I run the math, and I may be off, but it implies about double digit earnings growth at the divisional level, if that’s correct and if I’m not if you could tell us what your modeling or sort of give us a sense of what type of growth you are expecting from the divisions that would be great.  Then just talk to, what your expectations are with each of the divisions. I mean from my perspective obviously turkey we should continue to see earnings growth there given the numbers we are seeing on the cold storage etc. But if you could give us a little bit more guidance on what you are expecting on grocery products as it relates to your marketing spent etc. that will be great.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Okay. At an operating level similar to what we discussed at Investor Day, we do expect to have stronger operating results than the total EPS figure would be. So we are modeling at kind of around 9% increase on a year-over-year basis at the segment level. Grocery, we kind of look at them versus their peer group and look at maybe a 6% level as being probably an appropriate growth rate to task that group with. The other groups we look at what we have articulated as our long term guidance which is kind of in the ballpark of our 10% goal. From an advertising standpoint we did introduce ad campaign in the later part of 2009 for Jennie-O Turkey Store and for Spam, we are working on a new campaign for the umbrella Hormel brand, which will be hitting the marketplace probably in February and on an annualized basis we expect to increase our ad spending on a year-over-year basis in 2010.
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc: Just one follow one for Jody, in terms of the cash, again I guess a good position to be in with about $3 a share in cash on your balance sheet. Can you just talk about cash allocation? Are you modeling anything for buybacks for next year or should we assume that the guidance just takes into account the same number of shares outstanding.
Jody Feragen: Obviously we intend to use our cash to return to our shareholders and certainly the dividend increase that we announced today starts that process. I would say the next we would really like to reinvest back into businesses to grow them.  Obviously we expect to see capital expenditures bump up versus where they were in 2009 as we were very deliberate about trying to put some cash on our balance sheet given the uncertain credit conditions in the economic conditions overall, so we will see those increase both to do some strategic investments on productivity level and the plans as well as just to get caught up on some of the normal repair and maintenance things that we do.
 :  So I don’t know that we specifically modeled a huge share repurchase into the EPS numbers that we have guided towards, but if we have cash we will deploy it as we should.
Operator: Your next question comes from Diane Geissler – [Alpha]. 
Diane Geissler - Alpha: Can we just talk about the sales line a little bit, particularly in the grocery products group. You highlighted several key factors and I understand that commodity exposure and what’s going on there. But could you talk about what you saw in the grocery products group in terms of what was the impact of Carapelli, what’s the impact of microwave, what was the impact of promotional, if you could maybe give us some sense of the scope and size there?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Okay. I mean those were roughly a quarter of the decline with Carapelli, a quarter of decline with added promos done, overall we saw some softness in terms of some of the franchises that earlier in the year has had very strong momentum.  So that clearly is one of our tasks of our team going forward is to restore momentum in those areas, and so, even beyond those one-time items there clearly was an effect, not just grocery product but the whole company had very strong sales in Q4 last year. I mean we reported I think was 11, 12% increase. So we were up against those sales.  We obviously don’t like to get sales from this kind of a situation, but last year there were a couple of significant hurricane incidents in the country that impacted both the grocery product sales and our food service sales in a positive way in 2008, which were obviously was not repeated in 2009.
Diane Geissler - Alpha: Okay. And then I guess just as a follow up on the promos spending on that piece. So what should we be looking for in terms of what you will have to spend back behind the products in grocery as you move into the early part of 2010?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, the one area that we are clearly still trying to get our footing with is microwave. We spend fairly aggressively against that category in the latter half of the year and we would anticipate continued efforts there until we find the way to get that franchise going against. Excluding that and excluding any comparable effects for MegaMex which will have some moving parts in terms of how that’s reported, otherwise promotional spending for grocery products should be consistent with the traditional franchise.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christina Macglone - Deutsche Bank.
Christina Macglone - Deutsche Bank: Jeff, I saw that guidance for ‘10 was better than kind of your tone at the Investor Day, maybe it’s just my impression but I’m wondering if anything improved since then or maybe what changed if anything changed?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, the overall range of both ‘09 result and our ‘10 guidance shifted upwards since we were talking at Investor Day, we did finish more strongly here and feel comfortable in our ability to deliver the 263 to 273 range that we’ve now established for 2010.  Otherwise I think what we are trying to indicate in Investor Day is clearly our long-term guidance that we have provided is that we wanted to grow our bottom line by 10% and we recognize even the range we have provided doesn’t do that at an EPS level and we come very close to doing that at a segment profit level for 2010, but with the head winds of that are run by trust and the added pension expense as we talked about in investor day, we thought that would impact our ability to bring all 9% down to the bottom line in terms of EPS.
Christina Macglone - Deutsche Bank: As a follow-up, I was just curious about, you talked about expanding that’s going to be flat in the fourth quarter is that more of a comp issue or what exactly is going on there and will it start to ramp up again.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I expect both of those franchise do well in 2010. the Mexican we have strong efforts as we now put the MegaMex adventure together, they have some sales successes that they have already generated they want some will ship Q1, some will ship Q2 but I’m expecting big things out of that operation. The Spam team has done an excellent job at rejuvenating that brand and connecting with more consumers and I’m looking at Q4 as more and immorally.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:
 :
 :
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well I think we have been kind of whipsawed the last couple of years, the last year it was in the form of plenty of sales and not much in the way of bring it or on bottom line and this year perhaps the pendulum as the year ended swung a little hard at the other direction, I don’t expect grocery to maintain the 20% level, I think we wanted the kind of incrementally increase it from the 16 that it had been into and back into the 17 and 18 range and clearly 20 is somewhat a product of a depressed sales number for that quarter versus obviously what the earning number turned out to be. 
 :
 :
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Do you thing 16 to 18 is the right range maybe little bit higher 17 to 18.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Yes I thing that’s what we would be comfortable, because I know a lot of the other package food companies have talked about that as kind of a target level and clearly we talked about wanting to increase our ad spending, grocery is one of the area that will come in and so we want to make sure we are continue to both grow the traditional franchises and have some ability to sponsor new items as they come out it within that portfolio and within our other segments.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And lastly, you are not alone in alone in facing challenges in Microwavable meals in this economy, and I think that the companies that are going to do well for the next year are going to be the ones that are prepared for a weak consumer spending environment, and are putting money in the right places. So, I was kind of surprised to hear that you dialed up the marketing on Microwavable meals in the back half. It sounds like it didn’t have the intended effect.  Do you feel like you are kind of chasing after a consumer that just isn’t ready to pay for items like Compleats perhaps, and really want some more of the can chilly, or maybe products that are used as meal enhancements for cooking at home?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I was referencing specifically promotional spending as we did have a couple of price increases on that line over the last couple of years, and so that was one of the things we certainly want to explore with our retail partners, is whether there is an optimal promoted price point, or shelf price point that will continue to enhance volume there.  When you get to marketing on a bigger picture basis, I mean the Hormel brand is going to be our lead item within our advertising portfolio, and we still believe in Compleats as an element of that advertising spent and I think we will feature natural choice we may have something with Hormel Chilly, we may have something with our party tray items and our pepperoni items. But we still view Compleats as being very strong contemporary items that are good value for consumers and that are worth getting behind.
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc: And maybe I can just sneak in one more on the refrigerated section, because that division did do a lot better than I thought, and it looks like it’s a shift to value add. What are you seeing in terms of consumer trends in that refrigerated meats kind of category?  Are all the players doing well or are you taking a lot of market share, it seems like we have seen pretty decent results from misfiled foods and kraft and even [cereal] altogether, is that part of the store or grocerers very happy with that part of the store or is this really just kind of a margin kind of thing that you guys are all enjoying at the same time?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I think that part of the store has held up in certain areas, I can’t speak to the other companies, but looking at our franchise particularly on an annualized basis we had an excellent year with natural choice.  We had an excellent year with pepperoni, we saw a little bit of that softness in our meal segment in terms of the Hormel refrigerated on trays and Lloyd’s, and so that would be the one area kind of to your point earlier about convenience, but maybe there is a little bit of a trade down going on there. But overall we had an excellent year in our meat products area, both from a volume and a margin standpoint and have a good momentum heading into the next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Larson - Soleil Securities. 
Eric Larson - Soleil Securities: Could you give us a quick look as to what you think, the hog price outlook is for the next 6 to 12 months. Obviously prices have come up a little bit. You didn’t mentioned an awful lot about that. And you gave a very good thorough review at your analyst day. Can you just give us maybe some incremental thought from what may have changed since then or what your thoughts are?
Jody Feragen: Yes, I guess I’m the hog person.
Eric Larson - Soleil Securities: Hi Jody.
Jody Feragen: I quit giving specific guidance even though I was getting fairly good at it for a while there. We have seen about a 2% liquidation, I think the USDA is calling for something in the range of 4% going forward. From the discussions I have had with our folks here a lot of the liquidation in the herd is being offset by increased productivity. So, I would plan that for the first half of the year I think we are going to see quite moderate prices on hog.  Now, obviously they seem to jump around, and we have seen some strength there lately, and then in the back half we are kind of expecting some of the reductions and the herd will come to roost and we will see the prices increase, but hopefully at a modest level going forward.
Eric Larson - Soleil Securities: Okay, the follow up question here for me is, kind of back to the grocery and with a thrifty consumer we have kind of all, we are kind of beating the horse to death a little bit, but I suspect that in order to create the proper value or incentive for consumers to purchase your products, your promotional spending ratio would probably remain quite high, would they not, Jeff, going into next year, as opposed to a car lot price decrease?
Eric Larson - Soleil Securities: I think that’s fair to say that we will steer our efforts to stimulate certain brands in the promotional area. I just would acknowledge again just how choppy it is out there right now, and that’s what we are trying to deal with.  I mean just even in Q4, Hormel Chili was still up, Spam was relatively flat and Jennie-O was down, and the all three had been these traditional can franchises that in the early part of the recession, consumer seem to be gravitating toward and now it’s a little bit more of a mix bag, it’s a little harder to read, could be in part though the comps we were dealing with in Q4 of last year. But I think to your general point I think that’s correct, that we will want to try to attain the right feature price for consumers to continue to drive volume for these franchises.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin - Davenport. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC: Jody, did I hear you say we might hear news of an acquisition in the near term, is that correct?
Jody Feragen: No, I said we have nothing to announce today, sorry Ann.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC: Okay, I was just going to ask what the positive might be. Okay. My other question is what are you including for contribution from export markets in 2010?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I mean it’s been somewhat trouble situation for us this year, particularly China. We have made up for that somewhat with quite strong exports to Mexico and that seems to be still looking fairly favorable. We hear positive things about China opening up, we haven’t seen a lot of evidence of it yet in our shipments, but we are certainly hopefully of that going forward, and as always, I mean in the scheme of our total business that’s not a big direct factor, but it certainly can have market effects that would be very significant.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC: Okay, so you look for some growth maybe in 2010?
Jeffrey Ettinger: That’s what we would hope to see.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC. 
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: So I guess, if you wouldn’t mind just giving me a little bit more detail, and I know this is something you have done historically, but on the other hand it’s kind of an unusual situation.  When you look at the guidance for next year, I think you have been very clear about the high single digit, to like looks like 8% to 10% type range in segment operating profit. What kind of volume would you need across the segments to drive that do you think, looking overall as it, maybe can you give me a sense what’s going to be up and down to sort of get to that range?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Okay, the first half of the year on an overall basis, we are expecting it to be flat to even potentially slightly down as built into our plan for next year, gaining some momentum as the year goes on.  That again as I mentioned earlier in the earlier part of the call that’s all sort of netting MegaMex, I mean we will see revenue increase that’s $80, $90 million over the course of the year, that that’s going to add to the top line with the new franchise that that group sells that will go through the grocery division. So, we will see that, we also call that out each quarter as to how much is affected by that new business and how much is organic growth. Overall though to hit the guidance range we are looking for, we need to restore momentum in our top line, by the second half of the year, or we are not, we think the cost environment that we benefited from continue to help us in the earlier part of year, but we recognize that ultimately we have to have robust franchises to get our long term objectives.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And I guess specifically, if you could drill down into grocery versus refrigerated, assuming the others are sort of, I mean would you be looking for that trajectory of growth to be more pronounced in terms of improvement over the course of the year in grocery, because of what maybe recovery in microwavables is that what you are looking for or is it that you are counting on sort of export volumes or just overall we did food service volumes to drive your refrigerated foods business, I mean which of those two do you think would be a stronger volume driver next year?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I guess I don’t know that I would pick one over the other. I think maybe the best guidance I could give you would be that our articulated long term goal for our franchises is 5% growth, that maybe difficult to hit on an annualized basis. We certainly expect to be tracking at that kind of pace by the later part of the year, and we expect to have sales deposit on an annualized basis.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: The 5%, you are talking about the sales number, right?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Diane Geissler - Alpha. 
Diane Geissler - Alpha: Can you just tell me what were your realized prices on hog this quarter, did you give that and I missed it?
Jody Feragen: We haven’t been giving those numbers out. But I would tell you that it was slightly less than last year.
Diane Geissler - Alpha: Slightly less than last year. And what did it look like on a sequential basis?
Jody Feragen: This quarter versus last, oh man, I don’t have last quarter’s numbers with me today.
Kevin Jones: I can forward.
Diane Geissler - Alpha: Maybe I can get that from Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc. 
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets: Actually I wanted to ask something that Diane asked, in terms of the, I was just looking at hog prices this quarter, and according to spot data they were at $36 live weight which should be down $17 or $18 year-over-year. But I guess what you are trying to tell us is that, that’s not what you realized, is that correct?
Jody Feragen: We realized that they were less than they were last year, our hog cost.
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, but not as much as I am indicating here?
Jody Feragen:
 :
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets:
 : So, I just wanted to get a sense of maybe if you can give us a little color on the different moving parts. I know you have talked about Lloyd’s a little bit, but just talk a little bit about the three different parts in refrigerated foods for this quarter.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I mean from our standpoint we thought refrigerated foods actually ended the year very strongly. We were suffering earlier in the year from the kind of week and week after week of those negative cut out margins which we recognize as just one of the number of factors that are important to refrigerated food. 
 :
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I’m just trying to encourage Tim Raymond to call in with a wine selection for the Thanksgiving.
Jeffrey Ettinger:
 :
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Don’t you guys have anything you can throw out our way, I am more of a diet coke fan.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I think just as long as you go at the Jennie-O Turkey or Cure 81 Ham we have that part of the meal coverage.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:
 :
Jeffrey Ettinger: You too.
Operator:
 :
Kevin Jones:
 :
 :
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-08-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Jones – Director of Investor Relations  Jeffrey M. Ettinger – Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer  Jody H. Feragen – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Hormel Foods third quarter earnings conference call on the 20th of August, 2009. (Operator Instructions)  I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Kevin Jones. Please go ahead sir.
Kevin Jones:  Thank you. Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2009. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Central Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jody Feragen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter and an outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. Then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will then be opened for questions following Jody’s remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 AM Central Time today, August 20, 2009. The dial in number is 800-406-7325 and the access code is 4114856. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 27 through 33 in the company’s 10-Q for the quarter ended April 26, 2009 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Good morning everyone. We were able to build on the momentum of our positive second quarter with an excellent third quarter. Earnings per share for Q3 increased to $0.57, up a substantial 50% from a year ago, led by strong performances from all three of our largest business segments. Company wide sales were down 6% from a year ago. Part of the decline resulted from our intentional reduction of turkeys at our Jennie-O Turkey Store operation, the loss of Carapelli sales, some intentional product rationalization, lower prices on commodity products and then lastly the changing consumer behavior in a weak economy. Despite the lower overall number, we did experience strong sales in several of our core consumer franchises which I will detail later.  I’ll now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products segment reported a segment profit increase of 11% for the third quarter. Given the strong quarter we had in grocery products a year ago, also up 11%, we feel this is an impressive result. Double digit increases in sales of our Spam family of products and Hormel Chili were key drivers for grocery products. Sales of Herdez Mexican products were also strong during the quarter. On the other hand, sales of our Compleats Microwave Meals softened again as we were unable to sustain the sales growth we started in the second quarter. All told, dollar sales decreased by 6% for Grocery Products, but this is in large part because of the discontinuance of sales of Carapelli Olive Oil. Excluding those sales, sales would have been flat for the quarter. Our Refrigerated Foods segment reported operating profit up an impressive 60% despite weak cut out margins during much of the quarter. This segment did benefit from significantly reduced input costs for many key raw materials versus a year ago as a result in the change of export markets. Our meat products group sustained much of the momentum they had from the previous quarter, with double digit sales increases for Hormel Pepperoni, Hormel Party Trays, Di Lusso deli products and Natural Choice Lunch Meats leading the way. Total dollar sales for refrigerated foods were down 5% in Q3. Food service sales remained particularly soft as the trend of eating more meals at home and decreased travel continued to take their toll on that sub-segment. Our Jennie-O Turkey segment reported a substantial operating profit increase of 97%, albeit against weak comparisons from a year ago. Lower feed expenditures due to our planned cuts in turkey production and a decrease in costs per ton was again the primary driver of this improved profitability. This tightening of production has allowed us to avoid generating surplus breast meat, which would have been sold at a loss under current market conditions. Total dollar sales for Jennie-O Turkey Store decreased by 5% and value added product sales also decreased slightly for the quarter as a result of changing consumer behavior and competitive pressures. The Specialty Foods segment reported a substantial decrease in sales of 13%, down 15% excluding acquisitions, while operating profit was down a more modest 2%. We once again experienced weak sales by our Century Foods subsidiary in the areas of nutritional and ready-to-drink products. Conversely, our Diamond Crystal brands unit achieved increased sales of its nutritional products and the specialty products group saw growth in its sales of private label canned meat items. Our All Other segment consisting primarily of our Hormel Foods international business reported decreased dollar sales of 10% and operating profit was down 19%. Publicity regarding the H1N1 virus caused export sales of our fresh pork items to decline. This unit was also faced with currency challenges. Overall I’m very pleased with our third quarter results as we delivered excellent earnings growth from a balanced array of our major business areas. We would have liked to have seen greater overall strength on the top line, but the trends on many of our important branded franchises remain positive. We also expect to deliver another significant increase in earnings per share during the fourth quarter. At the segment operating level we anticipate positive comparisons for the quarter, but not up as much as the third quarter. This also anticipates a favorable comparison with last year’s rabbi trust performance. Given all of these factors and based on our positive results for this quarter, we expect full year results for fiscal 2009 to remain in the recently announced guidance range of $2.36 to $2.42 per share. At this time I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the third quarter.
Jody H. Feragen:  Thank you, Jeff. Good morning everyone. Earnings for the fiscal 2009 third quarter totaled $77.2 million or $0.57 per share compared to $51.9 million or $0.38 per share a year ago. Earnings for the nine months of fiscal 2009 totaled $239 million or $1.76 per share compared to $218 million or $1.58 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the third quarter totaled $1.6 billion compared to $1.7 billion last year, a 6% decrease. Year-to-date in 2009, dollar sales were $4.9 billion, flat with last year. Volume for the third quarter was 1.1 billion pounds, down 4% from fiscal 2008. Acquisitions added 4 million pounds for the quarter. Year-to-date volume was 3.4 billion pounds, down 2% from fiscal 2008. Acquisitions added 16 million pounds to the first nine months of the year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were 9% of sales compared to 8% last year. Year-to-date our SG&A expenses were 9% of sales for both years. We expect SG&A expenses to be approximately 9% of sales for the fourth quarter. Advertising expenses were 1.6% of sales for the quarter compared to 1.5% in 2008. Year-to-date advertising expenses are 1.5% of sales compared to 1.6% in fiscal 2008. We now expect advertising expenses for fiscal 2009 to be slightly lower than our 2008 expense. Interest and investment income was $6 million for the third quarter compared to a loss of $6 million in fiscal 2008. Favorable market returns on our rabbi trust investments during this quarter drove the year-over-year improvement. We have begun to transition the majority of this portfolio to more fixed returns investments to help limit our exposure to the volatile equity market.  Interest expense for the quarter was $7 million, down slightly from last year. Year-to-date interest expense is $21 million, flat with last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $28 to $29 million for the full year.  Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 34.6% versus 35.2% in fiscal 2008. The year-to-date effective tax rate is 34.9% compared to 36.1% last year. We expect the effective tax rate for fiscal 2009 to be around 36%. The basic weighted number of shares outstanding for the third quarter and first nine months of the year was 134 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 136 million shares and 135 million shares year-to-date. We repurchased 107,000 shares of common stock during the third quarter and we have 1.8 million shares remaining to be repurchased from the 10 million share authorization in place. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $32 million compared to $31 million last year. For the first nine months of the year, depreciation and amortization was $94 million compared to $95 million last year. We expect the full year to be approximately $125 to $130 million. Total long term debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million. We ended the quarter with $60 million outstanding on our short term line of credit which has subsequently been repaid. Cash flow from operations improved over 2008 as we continue to emphasize initiatives to reduce our working capital. During the quarter we made a $55 million contribution to our pension plan. Our plan, like others in the industry, were impacted by the severe downturn in the financial markets and this contribution will help restore our funded status. We do expect to have substantially higher pension expenses going forward. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $25 million compared to $28 million last year. For the first nine months of the year capital expenditures totaled $71 million compared to $96 million last year. For 2009 we expect capital expenditures to be about $100 million. At this time I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, madam. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Going forward, Jeff, with the Mexican JV in grocery products, how much top line do you think that’s going to reduce next year?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean it obviously doesn’t take effect until next fiscal year. The top line for MegaMex by itself will actually increase because that will all get registered business. We’re the selling agent. For the division overall, there is somewhat of a washout effect ultimately of the Carapelli lost sales that we’ve cited during this quarter. That’ll only go for a couple more quarters.  One of the things to watch out for though, and we’ll give you some guidance when we hit it next quarter would be the net operating profit since it’s a shared venture will be somewhat lower on a percentage basis. But we’re still very confident it’s accretive overall to our both the GP divisional performance and the total company.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  And that’s going to still be reported in Grocery Products?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes that’s correct. And then the new facility that you’re opening up in Grocery Products, it was originally for the Compleats, what products is that producing now? And the costs related to starting up the plant, is that going to flow through your P&L or is that going to be capitalized on the balance sheet?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I’ll let Jody handle the second question. On the first question, the plant is scheduled to open in the December, January timeframe. So it hasn’t opened yet. It will still have a significant microwave meal capability in the plant, and we are also looking at putting some canning operations in the facility. I think we talked in previous calls back when Compleats were growing at 30 or 40% clip we had anticipated maybe two full new microwave lines. We’re more comfortable now with one new line and then that gives us an opportunity to take some of the pressure off some of our other facilities because we’ve been enjoying some very significant growth in some of our canned business areas.
Jody H. Feragen: As far as capital versus expense, the majority of the expenditures relating to the plant will be capitalized. But as you begin any new production facility you have hiring people now that are going to start working down at the plant, and those expenses have been and will continue to flow through the Grocery Products segment.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  Jeff, could you help us understand the Refrigerated Foods business a little bit better? Could you kind of break down the mix of sales in Refrigerated Foods and share with us how a strong or weak cut out margin benefits or hurts that business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well the mix of sales in a very broad sense would be roughly a third, going through our meat products retail branded items, roughly a third being our food service division and remaining roughly a third being a combination of commodity meat and fresh pork sales. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  And how does the cut out help or hurt the business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It’s just one of the moving factors that does ultimately impact results. And we’ve talked in past conference calls, people will often focus in on one of the other major moving factors which is hog prices and that’s certainly an important one also. I mean in general cut outs are an area where the processor makes a small return on the assets employed, but obviously we feel its fundamental to our business to be a basic processor participant and have access to our own raw materials so we’re willing to take what are probably sub-standard returns against our normal expectations in that area. What we experienced this year was the market actually going negative and so clearly if that were the long term prognosis for it, one might have to reevaluate that. But over history it typically does generate at least a small margin for the processor.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  And then how do you price your retail and Food Service products off of that cut out? How do those things change?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well the cut out plays a major role in determining our internal costs but it only has so much effect on price. I mean pricing is really for the consumer based items its’ based on our studies as to what the appropriate price point is for those types of items to consumers. And for some of the more market sensitive items, we’ve talked before about how ham and bacon and fresh pork do trade on a quoted market, its really much more important what are the primal and what are those markets reflecting. And sometimes those markets fully reflect your costs, sometimes they don’t and you’re in different scenarios. Obviously during this last quarter Refrigerated Foods was in a better scenario in terms of the cost input being more favorable versus the price.
Operator: Your next question comes from Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets.
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets:  Just to follow up on Farha’s question about Refrigerated Foods, you know clearly it seems like you know hog prices were down about $13 for hundredweight live this quarter relative to last year. So clearly it seems like lower hog prices are better for people who have a more value added portfolio. I clearly understand that. It was just the magnitude of that sensitivity was probably a little bit higher than I’d expected. If you look at futures today you know hog prices are pointing to about $19 lower year-over-year in 4Q. Am I thinking of that correctly if I think you could have a similar performance in Refrigerated Foods in 4Q if the markets hold where they are today?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well that’s probably not what we’re looking at. I think you may be correct in terms of the magnitude, the sensitivity for part of the performance of Refrigerated Foods. But the big driver this quarter was last year we had that huge spike in export demand and it really drove certain raw materials, we mentioned trim for example which is critical for pepperoni and Spam and other items, up to historically high levels. Those are much more historically normal levels now and so that was a big beneficiary for Refrigerated Foods in Q3. That comparison will be much more normal in Q4. They’re not going to have that ability to create that kind of a gain on the basis of the weak [side] items. So we expect Refrigerated Foods to have a positive quarter but we don’t expect this kind of an increase.
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets:  And then on the turkey side, you know we continue to see very good supply side reaction to some of the negative pricing trends and you know the hatchery data I think last week was again just reaffirming that. But it seems like prices are still not moving much in the commodity market as well as you know retail I guess, breast meat for turkey. Can you talk to that a little bit? And then I have a follow up on the cost side.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think your assessment is correct. The prices have not moved as much as we would have anticipated. I think we talked last year about understanding that the first half of our fiscal year was going to be challenging, both with the cost overhang and with the meat supply overhang and that we didn’t expect, you know markets typically move in the spring and so that was our hope. We were looking at the commodity markets in the spring. They have not responded at a normal level. There turned out to be demand changes as well as the overhang of available meat from some of the other processors has lingered in the market longer than we would have guessed. And so now it’s hard to determine when should we expect a recovery in the commodity side of the market for white meat items. It could yet come this fall, but I could envision a scenario where it wouldn’t come until next spring also.
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets:  And then on the cost side, you mentioned in your press release that costs per ton were done. They weren’t down as much as I expected and I’m wondering how much of that had to do with the reduction in volumes. Can you talk to that and then maybe just give us that sense of cost per metric ton trends for 4Q as it relates to feed costs?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The cost per ton and it’s certainly favorable on a year-over-year basis. As we’ve talked about in past calls we do engage in hedging programs and so we’ve had hedges in place during 2009 that have our cost of grain being somewhat higher than what you would model if you were looking at a pure market basis. And so that’s fair to look at it on that basis.
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets:  So year-over-year is it fair to say that your feed costs comparison is the most favorable in 4Q?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think we’re looking at a similar level of kind of value comparison on that side. And then the other thing you pointed out you know was the production change has been important for us. We recognize that these are still historically higher markets for grain. Our team at Jennie-O has done a valiant job of trying to maintain pricing that covers these costs. I think to be honest probably to a little bit of an expense is the value added volumes. I mean we had had a long track record of growing value added volumes at Jennie-O and that’s fallen off now the last couple of quarters. I think we’re trying to get our footing again and learn to live at this new cost level and I think the team will do that. But the volume reduction also did contribute then to the total feed expenditure.
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets:  So going forward to get to more of a normalized EBIT margin on Jennie-O, is it more related to revenue you’d say?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think that’s correct. The long term driver for Jennie-O Turkey Store should be restored growth in value added branded products. And you know while we’re disappointed in the growth in the quarter of the value added items, I do point everyone back to the fact that when all is said and done I mean the division is substantially profitable at a time when many others in the poultry industry have not been able to see their way to that kind of profitability and really the secret if you will is the strength of the brand.
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets:  Jody, just in terms of your cash flow you know it seems like you still have a significant amount of cash on the balance sheet. I know you mentioned that post quarter close you did pay down some more of your short term debt, but you still have almost $2 a share in cash on hand and that’s high relative to history. Can you just talk to you know in terms of priorities where you’re thinking of putting that money? Maybe comment a little bit on the M&A environment because we’ve talked to a few people who are starting to see some openings there.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, actually unfortunately I don’t have any new uses for our cash flow. We continue to look at opportunities to acquire something that would strategically fit with the company. We also have purposely in this past fiscal year slowed down some capital expenditures or delayed them, so we’ll see some of that pick up now in the fourth quarter and moving into 2010. We do look to return to our shareholders. I think you know we’ll take a look this fall at our dividend policy and what we want to do there. The M&A environment continues to be, let’s see, I’ll use one of Jeff’s phrases, “choppy.” There are opportunities. A lot of them tend to be on the more distressed asset sales which might not fit with the portfolios we have but suffice it to say that we have a group of very talented folks that are looking at that diligently, day in and day out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  I’m sorry if I missed this but Jeff did you say what the volume in Grocery was ex-Carapelli?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Flat.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  The volume as well?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, the volume would have been flat.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  On Compleats I saw it last quarter, it seems like there was more stabilization and maybe some firming but I was just wondering if it did get softer this quarter and is it competition or is it still the value proposition? Is it just the economic environment and what’s your outlook there?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Your characterization is correct in terms of we clearly had improved in second quarter and we’re hoping to continue that momentum and we were unable to do that in the third quarter. I think there is an element of the value proposition in play for the category itself. You know when you’re dealing with only 12 week numbers it’s sometimes hard to get a full read on what’s going on in the competitive marketplace. We know anecdotally that the frozen foods segment was down significantly when the recession hit, and that some of the players in that segment have responded but with very aggressive pricing features. We also know generally that one of our sources of volume for our Compleats items is frozen food and so when the frozen food industry starts putting out very hot feature prices that that, we believe, could be having an impact on our category. There’s also you know has been a significant entrant of a new solid player into the category with a slightly different selling proposition than ours. And in the long run we think that’s probably going to be good for the category, to have that kind of attention placed on it. But there’s clearly have been situations on a retailer by retailer basis where we may have lost out on some features as that entity has chosen to push some feature pricing to support their new items.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  You were answering one of Farha’s questions when you were talking about the processing margin and you said that it’s part of your business model and if the outlook was negative that you would reevaluate it. Now that we seem to have reversed and we have positive processing margins I’m wondering has there been some sort of change, something that was occurring earlier this year and now we’re seeing possibilities so something changed in the market and if the outlook is for continued profitability or how do you see that playing out given the hog supply and potential liquidation efforts?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Our best outlook right now would be a return to fairly normalized, modest margin and basic processing. As I was describing we don’t consider that a major driver in the overall profitability of Hormel Foods but we confess that when it turns the other way it puts stress on the business. And so this would be beneficial to us if it stays in this more typical environment.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  Is there a risk in terms of hog supply down the road because of liquidation or changing strategies among players in the industry?
Jody H. Feragen: I guess I’ll answer that question for Jeff. You know we certainly have not seen the liquidation that we thought would happen at the beginning of the year. Now we have seen numbers move up a little bit in the last few weeks as far as taking some sows, but the harvest for August has been higher than historical. I think long term there’ll be some correction in the industry. We continue to partner with our producers to make sure you know that we have adequate supply for our facilities.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Wanted to dig in on Refrigerated Foods a little bit. I mean, if you look at what happens typically seasonally with hog prices and I know the mix of the business well, at the margin everything gets better as hog prices fall. And if you look at where we are what I came up with for next quarter it seems like you’re asking me by keeping guidance to sort of lower that. And I don’t see how that works. It seems like Refrigerated Foods is set up for an absolutely blockbuster next quarter. Are there other moving pieces that you know maybe Grocery Products or something that we’re have some reason to just be cautious about or is it just kind of wait and see saying on the Refrigerated Foods side?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Jody’s going to help me with the dynamics of Refrigerated sell. But I can give you a general picture you know as I mentioned in my introductory comments our expectation for the quarter and the overall business is to have an increase in operating profit during the quarter, not as significant as what we saw in the third quarter. And at this point our expectation is it would be fairly balanced among the different quarters. Excuse me, among the different segments. We expect Grocery to maintain the nice momentum that it’s had now for several quarters. We expect Jennie-O and Refrigerated to have up quarters but not be big, major double digit increases. And we’re certainly hopeful that we’re going to see a return to gains in Specialty and International as well next quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: And I guess if you’re looking at a year-over-year improvement type scenario, third quarter 2008 for Refrigerated were as Jeff mentioned before pretty tough times when some of the export and demand really drove those input costs to the primal values to historically high levels. That moderated in the fourth quarter of 2008, so the comparison year-over-year won’t be as strong.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  I guess the only other thing I had is just to dig into that interest income line. Other than the rabbi trust were there any other major shorter drivers of the change in that investment income line?
Jody H. Feragen: No. I mean the only other thing that goes in there is short term cash management things. And I believe last year we had a investment write down to the tune of $2.5 million so that would be part of the comp. The big driver is the rabbi trust.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  And specifically can you say how big the rabbi trust contribution was?
Jody H. Feragen: Oh, year-over-year improvement for the third quarter was in the 10 plus million.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Operator, do we have another question? Hello?
Operator: I do apologize, gentlemen. Just one moment please. Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC:  I was wondering if you could comment on areas in which you’d like to expand. I guess during the quarter you entered into a partnership with MegaMex. Is there any other update there of kind of expansion opportunities?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well I mean as Jody talked about earlier we certainly understand we have both the business platforms and the capital availability to expand on an M&A basis. We confess to have been much quieter over the last couple of years than we were during a stretch prior to that. It hasn’t been deliberate, Ann, lately to be quieter and it wasn’t deliberate to do as many deals in such a short time either on that side. The deal flow just kind of works that way sometimes. I think we talked before about the opportunities that we see sometimes from family owned businesses can take years worth of discussions to reach the right point in operation and then deals that come through more of the investment banking often are quicker than that.  MegaMex certainly represents an investment in an area that we’ve shown that we’re committed to, ethnic food. We think the scaling up of MegaMex, you know it’ll be a $200 million sales entity right out of the gate and we think it can accelerate the growth of Grocery Products by being in robust categories and by really allowing us to provide a full portfolio of products in that area. We do have other ethnic items in the portfolio and we certainly keep our eye out for both external and internal opportunities to grow those. We’ve done a very nice job of identifying the change in consumer dynamics in the deli case. You know behind the glass, deli is still important but the grab and go items have become more and more important and we have a number of examples of where we’ve done well with those, ranging from Party Trays to our Di Lusso Deli company items to our rotisserie items from the Jennie-O Turkey Store operation. And so that’s another good area of growth. In the long run, I fully expect that we will return to growth in Food Service. Our strategy of offering great convenience, flavor and value to Food Service operators to make their lives easier and to stimulate their customers has worked for us for 20 years. The volumes are off right now in this environment, but in the long run that’s going to be a great growth vehicle for Hormel.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC:  Continuing on Food Service, as you look out the next six to nine months or so, what is your outlook for Food Service? Do you see it staying like it is, getting weaker, getting better? Any commentary?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess we’re kind of building our business around it remaining more the same than not. I mean we hear some indications of improvement and sort of general daily dining at certain of the operators, but the travel side of the business, whether its leisure travel or business travel is still very soft and doesn’t show a lot of signs of changing here in the very near future.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC:  And then switching to hog, do you anticipate any further hog production cuts?
Jody H. Feragen: Excuse me, from the producers?
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC:  Yes.
Jody H. Feragen: Boy, if August is any indication there seems to be a large supply. I did indicate to an earlier caller that you know the sow harvest numbers have shot up. Now whether that remains as trend in the last next couple weeks we’ll have to see, but I don’t foresee any shortage in the fall.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC:  Can you give the average live hog price for the quarter?
Jody H. Feragen: The average for Hormel Foods was, oh, I don’t even know that. You know the market price for the current quarter was about $34 to $36.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Just over $36 Ann.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company LLC:  That’s great. Thank you all.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Live hundredweight.
Operator: Your next question comes from Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  Jeff, you’re in a good position to kind of look at a range of products from sort of value to higher value added like you know the Specialty Foods or you know thinking about the Jennie-O products and so on. Can you just kind of put on your prognosticator hat to think about where we’re at in this consumer trade down thesis or is the consumer still kind of in their bunker and we should expect more of the same? Or are you starting to see some unthawing of sort of more premium products?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well we’ve seen a mixed record really almost throughout the recession you know to some level of surprise, to be honest with you. I mean we’ve had tremendous success with Party Trays quarter after quarter after quarter on an item that’s priced over $10 a tray. The Di Lusso Deli Company items are premium items. Natural Choice is competitive within its category. It’s set. They’re not the low end items within that. So there are areas where I mean the value is in the eye of the beholder. If the items are meeting the needs consumers are looking for, then they’re still gravitating to those.  That being said we still have to keep our eye on the significant growth that’s been going on in private label. It’s happened in some of our categories as well as other people’s categories. As we’ve talked about in prior calls we’re making as strong an effort as ever to make sure that we keep our brand out there in front of consumers and important and what seems to be happening in the marketplace is that the growth of private label is just sort of accelerating the stores move to leading brands and private label and maybe not a whole lot else. But in our categories we are benefited by being the leading brands. And we intend to make sure we stay that way.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  Are you picking up any private label business? Is that in the business plan at all or are you not specifically not pursuing it right now?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We did grow some private label in our canned meat franchise the last couple of quarters. We obviously historically had the packaged gelatin business. We’re open to looking at it on a strategic basis. We like to make sure we talk with retailers about synergies and logistics, opportunities to combine our branded items with private label. You know where we’ve continued to draw the line is that we don’t private label our most innovative new items. We don’t want to create a private label category against ourselves. We need to give our marketing teams a very strong good head start in creating a strong branded franchise in those areas. And so there are a number where we say, “No, we’re really not interested in doing this.” High pressure pasteurization items would be one area we’ve mentioned in the past that we feel we’ve built some proprietary expertise in that area and that we’re you know not really interested then in being a private label supplier to compete against ourselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  When you responded to Ann’s question I didn’t know if the $36 live price was your price for the quarter or the current price.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: That’s current.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  And your price for the quarter?
Jody H. Feragen: You know what, Kevin will have to follow up with you on that because I’ve gotten out of the hog prognosis business and I don’t have that. We’ll get that for you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets.
Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets:  Jeff, just wanted to touch a little bit more on the turkey side and I know you’ve said that the pricing side and demand hasn’t recovered relative to where supply is as you would have wanted to see it. But can you just talk about how much demand could be down and is it retail food service? It seems like its major retail because there’s hardly any food service in turkey, but can you just talk to what’s happening in demand because we’re still only seeing supply come down almost 10%. That’s what the exit data is saying.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes I mean there’s probably a little more demand in Food Service than you might think in the sense I mean it’s not the classic fast food, burger places, etc. But there are a lot of sandwich operations not just the major Subways and Quizno’s but boy when you get into the non-commercial side of the business where the [Dexo’s] and Aramark’s and other companies play, they feed a lot of sandwiches and turkey is the leading protein when it comes to sandwiches, you know neck and neck with ham and we’re fortunate obviously to be in both of those businesses. Overall that picture is clearly soft just as many other things are soft in Food Service so that’s been contributing to the diminution in demand that’s going on in the turkey segment. Whole birds has been something that frankly has been more of a systemic, kind of year after year it’s gradually kind of shrunk a little bit. People aren’t buying as many. They’re not buying as large. They’re not having quite as large of gatherings and we participate in the whole bird business but don’t see that as a major driver of our results in that area. The key areas for us are the branded retail franchises and that was the area I was speaking to earlier that we had enjoyed solid growth, kind of year after year after year. And that’s where in the last couple of quarters we’ve seen that slow down quite a bit and we’re just kind of trying to get our hands around well how much is price, how much is that we need to kind of reconfigure our message to consumers. We are going to be launching a new ad campaign for Jennie-O right here in the fourth quarter and that’s certainly part of that effort to make sure that we restore the growth of the value added item.
Operator: Thank you. There appear to be no further questions at this time. Please continue with any other points you wish to raise.
Kevin Jones: Thank you for joining us today everybody. Feel free to call me with any further questions offline and have a great day. Bye bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Hormel Foods third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-05-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Kevin Jones – Director IR Jeffrey Ettinger – President & CEO Jody Feragen – SVP & CFO 
Analysts:  Akshay Jagdale – Keybank Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott  Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital  Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company   
Operator: Welcome to the Hormel Foods second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Jones.
Kevin Jones: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2009. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 am Central time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investor section. On our call today is Jeffrey Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jody Feragen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeffrey will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter and an outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year, then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be opened for questions following Jody's remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 am Central time today, May 21, 2009. The dial in number is 800-406-7325 and the access code is 4063374. It will also be posted on our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 25 through 30 in the company's 10-Q for the quarter ended January 25, 2009 for more details. It can be accessed on our website.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Jeffrey. 
Jeffrey Ettinger: Good morning, we were pleased with our results in the second quarter especially given the negative cut out margins in our pork operations, and the low commodity turkey meat prices. Our Q2 earnings of $0.59 per share represent a 5% increase over our record results of a year ago.  While total sales were essentially flat at $1.6 billion due to reduced basic processing tonnage in both our turkey and pork operations, sales of our branded meat products and grocery products groups were both up. I will now take you through each segment. Our grocery product segment reported a dollar sales increase of 4% and a segment profit increase of 5% for the second quarter. Given the strong quarter we had in grocery products a year ago, this is an impressive result.  Double-digit increases in the sales of our SPAM family of products, Dinty Moore Stew and Hormel Chili were key drivers for grocery products. Sales of CHI-CHI’S in our Mexican products were also strong during the quarter.  Sales of our COMPLEATS microwave meals improved from last quarter thanks to increased promotional efforts. Sales comparisons for grocery products in the second quarter and in ensuing quarters will be affected by the dissolution of our joint venture for Capapelli Olive Oil. The new owners of the brand also distribute olive oil in the United States under the Bertoli and Carbonel brands and have chosen to consolidate these offerings outside of our venture.  We did generate a gain at the corporate level by virtue of the sale of our joint venture rights.  Our refrigerated food segment reported flat dollar sales and operating profit was down 7% from a year ago. The primary driver of this weaker performance was the negative cut out margin experienced throughout much of the quarter.  Our Farmer John’s subsidiary was pressured by these same difficult circumstances and also experienced negative margins in their farm operations. On the positive side our meat products group had an outstanding quarter achieving high single-digit sales growth in its branded portfolio of products.  We achieved double-digit sales growth in pepperoni, Natural Choice luncheon meats and Di Lusso deli company products. We also saw a turnaround from last quarter on sales of Hormel refrigerated entrées, Lloyds B-B-Q tub meats, and Hormel flavored marinated pork loins.  Food service sales within refrigerated foods continued to decline as the trend of eating more meals at home and decreased travel took their toll. Our Jennie-O Turkey Stores segment reported a sales decrease of 1% but an operating profit increase of 42%.  Lower feed expenditures due to our planned cuts in turkey production and a decrease in cost per ton was the primary driver of this improved profitability. Production was actually down low double-digits but sales volume only dropped 4% as we made a significant reduction in inventory.  This tightening of production allowed us to avoid generating surplus breast meat which would have been sold at a loss under current market conditions. The [inaudible] Jennie-O was also focused on moving more turkey into value added products during the quarter. A continuing success story was the Jennie-O Turkey Stores fresh tray pack turkey line of products.  The specialty foods segment reported decreased sales of 5%, down 8% excluding acquisitions, and operating profit was down 1%. Within the segment our specialty products group generated increased sales of private label canned meat products and our Diamond Crystal brand subsidiary achieved increased sales of the sugar substitutes and liquid portion products.  These successes were unable to completely offset weaker sales of nutritional and ready-to-drink products by our Century Foods subsidiary.  Our all other segment consisting primarily of our Hormel Foods international business reported increased dollar sales of 3% but a 14% decrease in operating profit. Export sales of fresh pork and the SPAM family of products strengthened, but were more then offset on the bottom line by a strong US dollar and weaker results by our joint ventures.  Overall our second quarter results once again demonstrate the benefits of our balance business model. I am proud that our team was able to do better then expected this quarter amidst the difficult operating environment.  Looking forward we still face a number of challenges to our business as a result of the unsettled economy. These include the continuing unfavorable cut out margins, the prevailing over supply of turkey commodity meats, uncertainty regarding commodity grain prices, continued weakness in the food service sector, and potential export issues.  Nonetheless we have a number of strengths that should allow us to deliver positive comps for the remainder of the year. These include solid sales momentum of our strong portfolio of branded products, the improvements we have made in matching our pricing to our costs, and our rock solid balance sheet which allows us to take advantage of strategic opportunities that present themselves.  Based on our positive results this quarter we now anticipate full year results in the upper end of our previously announced guidance range of $2.15 to $2.25 per share. At this time I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen, to discuss the financial information relating to the second quarter of fiscal 2009.
Jody Feragen : Thank you Jeffrey, good morning everyone. Earnings for the fiscal 2009 second quarter totaled $80.4 million, or $0.59 per share compared to $77.6 million or $0.56 per share a year ago. Earnings for the first half of fiscal 2009 totaled $161.8 million, compared to $165.7 million a year ago.  Dollar sales for the second quarter totaled $1.6 billion which is even with last year. For the first half of 2009 dollar sales increased 2% to $3.3 billion. Volume for the second quarter was 1.1 billion pounds, down 2% from fiscal 2008.  Acquisitions added 6.3 million pounds to the quarter. Year to date, volume was 2.3 billion pounds, down 2% from fiscal 2008. Acquisitions added 11.8 million pounds to the first half of the year.  As Jeffrey indicated our turkey production was down double-digit due to the impact of reduced numbers and lower weights off the farm. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were 8.8% of sales this year, even with last year.  Year to date the expenses were 8.6% of sales compared to 8.8% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be approximately 9% of sales for the remainder of the year.  Advertising expenses were 1.6% of sales for the quarter, compared to 1.7% in 2008. Year to date, advertising expenses are 1.5% of sales compared to 1.7% in fiscal 2008. We have experienced lower media rates which improve our reach in frequency measures.  We expect advertising expenditures for fiscal 2009 to be approximately equal to our 2008 expense. Interest and investment income was $8.6 million for the second quarter compared to income of $3.3 million in fiscal 2008. For the current quarter we had higher returns on the rabbi trust investments versus last year, and as Jeffrey mentioned a $3.6 million gain on the dissolution of the Carapelli joint venture.  Interest expense for the quarter was $6.9 million compared to $6.4 million last year. Year to date interest expense is $14.4 million compared to $13.1 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $28 million to $29 million for the full year.  Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 35.5% versus 36.1% in fiscal 2008. The year to date effective tax rate is 35.1% compared to 36.4% last year. We expect the effective tax rate for fiscal 2009 to be about 36%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter and first six months of the year was 134 million shares. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding was $135 million for the second quarter and the first half of the year.  We did not repurchase any shares of common stock during the second quarter. We have 1.9 million shares remaining to be purchased from the 10 million share authorization in place.  Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31 million which is even with last year. For the first half of the year depreciation and amortization was $62 million compared to $64 million last year. We expect the full year depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 million to $130 million.  Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million. We ended the quarter with $100 million outstanding on our line of credit. Year to date cash flow from operations improved over 2008 as we emphasized initiatives to reduce our working capital.  We have deliberately built our cash balances in response to the uncertain credit market. Given the improvement in our working capital and with somewhat more certainty in the credit markets, I would expect that we will be repaying our line of credit before the year is over.  Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $20 million compared to $36 million last year. For the first six months of the year capital expenditures totaled $46 million compared with $68 million last year. For 2009 we expect capital expenditures to be about $100 million.  At this time I will turn the call over for the question and answer portion of the call. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale – Keybank
Akshay Jagdale – Keybank:  Congratulations on a really good quarter first off and just a couple of questions, first of all your guidance, you said you intend to be in the high end of your range. If we take the high end it implies about 21% EPS growth over the prior years, for EPS, and that was down about 18%. So in my view it still seems a little conservative which is okay, but I just wanted to talk about that relative to your divisions. You highlighted some risks and for me, when I look at your Jennie-O turkey division the main risks there are corn and soybean prices as well as what’s happening on the pricing and I think we’re seeing an inflection point on the pricing side for commodity meat given what’s happening on the supply side. So I just want you to talk a little bit about the risks in each section and what makes you a little bit conservative about your guidance, and the same thing on refrigerated foods, if you could talk about the cut out as being, its been weak, yet you had very good performance this quarter. I guess the bottom line is you had all those risks in this quarter yet you seem to have outperformed not only in the market but your own expectations so given that I’m just trying to see if there’s any incremental risks going forward for each of those divisions. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : At the divisional level a couple of quick comments, on pricing inflection point, we certainly see the industry supply and demand getting in balance but we’re not seeing the move in pricing yet. Breast meat is still very low, cold storage stocks are still very high. We’re starting to head into the summer season and so it certainly should start correcting itself.  But in the meantime the quarter has already started and so we’re not there yet. In terms of the refrigerated outlook, entering into this year we never expected the negative cut outs situation that we’ve been experiencing and you’re correct that we had an excellent quarter from the branded standpoint and recovering most of that.  Now the cut out issue is still with us for right now and you can add to that a little bit of uncertainty now with the export markets on the heels of the H1N1 issue and so it does make us concerned. If both of those things were to clear up and we got back to more normalized cut outs and the export issues went away then we probably would be being a little more optimistic.  In terms of the overall rationale for where we ended up on the guidance, and when all was said and done we had a good second quarter, certainly up year over year, but we’re flat for the year at this stage of the game and we had two of our five operating segments reporting a gain in the quarter and only one of five in the first quarter.  Our expectation for the second half is that we expect both quarters to be up. We expect to gain in the vicinity of $0.15 plus or minus for the half and we expect the majority of segments to start generating gains. We don’t anticipate at this point it will probably be all of them, but we’re certainly seeing, we think we’ll see some improvement there.  And so ultimately it does to us get all about delivering rather then forecasting and we’ve given you what we think is our best assessment given what we’re up against right now and the momentum we have. 
Akshay Jagdale – Keybank: One more follow-up, but in terms of your cash, I know you talked about the credit environment but from all we’re hearing the credit environment seems to be easing and looking at the cash per share, $2.30 a share right now, typically it’s around $1.00 so its really a lot higher then it used to be. You also have quite a bit of room on your balance sheet. Can you just talk a little bit about how you plan to use that going forward. You didn’t buy back any shares this quarter either but I understand the comment about credit tightening etc., but it certainly seems to be easing so if you could talk a little bit about cash flow usage for the latter half of the year. 
Jody Feragen : Certainly and obviously we have some outstanding balances on our line of credit and that would be a thing that we can use that excess cash with. Other then that our cash priorities have not changed. We look to continue to invest in our businesses. We are continuing with the completion of the production facility in Dubuque, Iowa.  Given all that though we have seen our operations when we were initially challenged with these uncertain credit markets we asked people to prioritize their capital expenditure spending and you’ll see that we’re down year to date. I expect that to pick up in the back half. So we’ll continue to invest there.  We do have the opportunity to repurchase shares and that was somewhat slowed down as we moved into this uncertain economic times and as you said, we’re seeing a little bit better response on the credit side so that gives us the opportunity for cash there.  And then we obviously we’ll continue to meet our commitments on dividends. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: I noticed on your commentary somewhat of a pick up in convenience items in the retail channels, could you comment some more on those trends and how that’s going thus far into the fiscal third quarter and the fiscal fourth quarter, is there any potential that we might be seeing a bottoming here, an improvement in that area. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : I definitely would go with your last statement about a bottoming and improvement. We had seen significant declines of in the COMPLEATS franchise starting in the third quarter last year, double-digit declines for a couple of quarters, its gotten somewhat better in the first quarter and then, yes, we saw it moderate and we’re back to kind of a fairly even, slight gain position on the shelf stable side of the franchise.  Similarly we had seen declines not over as many quarters but we had seen some declines on the refrigerated entrées, the Hormel entrées and the Lloyds and this quarter, the second quarter was better. We’re certainly trying to do what we can to address any issues consumers might have with the value proposition on those items.  I think we’ve said in prior calls to us, when all is said and done, a COMPLEATS meal in the mid $2.00 range is still an excellent value and so we’re being more aggressive about communicating that. We’re certainly working with our retailers to work on positioning and pricing of the items on a feature basis and so I am encouraged that those businesses should be able to now start growing again going forward. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Just switching over quickly to the pork area, you made a quick allusion there to the H1N1 virus, just a follow-up, any color on how that is settling out and particularly in some of the markets. I know you talked about there was some strong results in Mexico, but anything that’s changed on that sequentially in Mexico or other markets particularly with respect to hogs and pork. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : Well we’re more of a domestic player then some of our competitors in terms of where our pork ends up. What we saw domestically was the first couple weeks after the scare hit, we did see some declines, close to 10% decline in fresh pork volume. The pork producers and others have been aggressive about putting out ads and we’ve been supportive of those and so we’ve seen a restoration of the domestic business. We have some excellent features heading into Memorial Day here for example.  In terms of export markets, it’s a little hit and miss right now. There are some that are closed, there are some that have some fairly significant restrictions. Mexico, their issues really related more to demand. Their economy came to a screeching halt there with all the things going on in that country and so that really disrupted any normal flow there.  But we think that will come back to more reasonable levels.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: One last thing on the hog, pork situation, we’ve seen hog prices come back a little bit, what are you expecting just on a comparables basis hog prices this year versus last year, I guess for the remainder of the year. 
Jody Feragen : I got out of the hog forecasting business because I think there’s better forecasts that you can obtain publically but I guess we still see a contraction in the overall supply of hogs for the year but not as much as we originally anticipated. And I would expect that prices will be somewhat less then last year but higher then what we’ve seen in the first half of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: I wanted to understand, when you were talking about Jennie-O, you talked about drawing down inventory and that allowed you not to put surplus breast meat on the market, can you explain that. And what does that mean going forward if your inventory is now drawn down and when you’re producing are we going to see more breast meat hit the market or you’re using more of that meat internally now. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : I didn’t do a very good job of explaining that. First of all let’s just talk production, we announced that production cut last year and that production cut is flowing through the system. We had announced 7% to 8%, and then we added a little bit to the cut and so when all is said and done we ended up in the low double-digit range of actual meat being produced in the plants during the quarter.  What I meant by inventory drawdown is we were similar to many others in the industry and this turkey stopped moving on an aggressive basis last fall and so we ended up with extra whole birds, we ended up with extra meat and we’ve been systematically kind of liquidating those positions so we don’t sit on inventory.  We’re now in a better position in terms of balance but the production cuts going forward will still be in place. So all I was trying to point out there was that our sales tonnage decline didn’t match our production decline because we were still selling off that old inventory. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: So just not selling surplus breast meat is more of a production, it wasn’t an inventory issue, just a drop in production. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : Right and then strategically, that is what we’re trying to do here is we’re trying to tighten the system back down so that the meat we bring in is supportive of our value added portfolio and that we as much as possible stay out of the commodity meat games.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then you had said this, but things that we observe like inventories and breast meat prices, still look weak, but you’re outperforming and I’m curious if you still view 9% as normalized margins even though you’re reducing your commodity exposure. So I assume it will fluctuate less then it has in the past and then could we get to above 9% this year given the dramatic production cuts in the industry and as demand seasonally picks up. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : We are certainly making that effort to reduce the fluctuations in our overall performance to carve off the ends if we can. In terms of particular percentage goals, last year for the year, let’s talk years first of all, we were at 5.9%. We’ve now turned the corner, we’re into the realm of positive comps but we did start with a negative first quarter so our estimate for the year this year is probably more in the 7% to 8% range. You’ll see a better quarter then that in the fourth quarter but the business is a little bit seasonal in terms of when profit is delivered. Our longer-term goal for Jennie-O remains to work it up into that 8% to 10% range but you will not see that on an annualized basis in 2009.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: My last question, can you give an outlook for pork processing margins and then also when [Europe] meat products group did so well, is that, can you maybe talk about was it better promotional activity, lower input costs, better execution, just to give us an idea of what drove those strong results. And if that’s expected to continue. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : Well the processing margin picture is very cloudy. We’re in situations that we have not normally encountered in terms of these multiple months of negative cut [evens] and so we’re working through it but we don’t have a very clean outlook for that.  In terms of meat products, you’ve got two things going on. Clearly on an internal basis as raw materials ended up lower then had originally been expected that benefits a profit contribution of those value added items. But what I’m really [pouting] when I’m talking about the strength of the meat products portfolio is the vibrancy of the demand for the products.  And we had a number of items that are up high single-digit, double-digit; pepperoni, Natural Choice, party trays, Di Lusso Deli Company, Black Label bacon, the recovery of the entrées and so that to me is attributable to new product innovation, to good marketing efforts, to good ad campaigns and to good work by our sales force to get the right pricing and feature of those items. And that should continue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott 
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott : I want to talk a little bit about the acquisition environment, I know you’ve been staying focused on the value added businesses but even those sorts of businesses it seems like you should be becoming more available as time goes on. Is there, what do you think about the acquisition environment right now and has it improved or stayed the same, or gotten less attractive over the past quarter. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : Well it’s a mixed bag. There’s probably more distress oriented properties available but we’ve never really been a distress player. We’re not a turnaround oriented acquirer. We’re much more interested in fit and then growth opportunities. I could also make a case right now that to the extent maybe half the acquisitions we’ve bought over the last few years had some kind of family ownership connection.  And again absent the stress, this is not particularly a good market for families to be considering selling their life work to another company and so we’re probably seeing maybe even less interest there. Now on the positive side there is, value is certainly better in this environment and competition arguably would be less within some of the protein spaces.  Some of the other entities that have been very aggressive in the past are now talking about focusing on restoration of their balance sheets and so that could provide opportunities also. 
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott : How about your focus, has your focus changed as far as what you think a fit could be based on the opportunity set that’s out there. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : No, we’re still looking at most likely it would be in areas that we’re already in that we bring something to the party beyond just our money. We like food service, we like deli, we like canned items and value added branded protein items. On an export basis we’ve said very clearly our focus is in Asia and that we would like to increase our footprint in that market and we would be interested in something there as well. 
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott : That’s a good [seg] actually because my other question was going to be about food service, historically one of the strengths of Hormel has been an over exposure and I think excellent execution against the food service opportunity within meats, have you seen, you’re seeing better performance in refrigerated foods, are you seeing any kind of substantial pick up in food service interest, in food service pipeline, and I guess what’s your outlook for that business for the remainder. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : Its still pretty soft, food service. We’re not used to reporting declining sales numbers in that segment but that’s the reality they’re facing. They’re doing a nice job of promoting innovative items and of attacking the parts of the segment that are still somewhat more healthy, the non commercial side for example.  And we have areas where the picture is a little better, the Diamond Crystal unit for example had a very nice quarter. They sell more to the QSR trade and that’s not down as much as some of the other parts of food service. But we’re not seeing, its not in a freefall. In some areas it seems to have stabilized but we’re not seeing any immediate sign of pick up. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital 
Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital : I just wanted to clarify briefly, your fresh pork spreads today, are they better or worse then where we were pre H1N1 level. 
Jody Feragen : Today we’re still seeing those upside down as I call them so the Western Corn Belt price is higher then the cut out. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : The outbreak seemed to stem what we had hoped would be some momentum toward restoration of a normal market but to say better or worse given that a number of these months haven’t been very good, kind of pick a date, its better then some and worse then others. 
Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital : They’re still down but not necessarily seeing the seasonal lift that you might otherwise sometimes see or—
Jeffrey Ettinger : I think it pulled the rug out from under the trend that would have happened seasonally but that doesn’t mean its not still going to get back into balance. 
Jody Feragen : We certainly anticipated on our call in the first quarter that it was a short-term phenomenon but it seems to have lasted quite a bit longer then we anticipated.
Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital : And then I guess with that, I’m sort of, I’m wondering if you’re worried about the health of your hog suppliers and I guess the intermediate term production capacity comes out of the system and also whether you’re hearing from lenders anything to suggest that they’re growing less patient on a hog cycle recovery that’s now 18 months well into a trough cycle anyway. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : This was certainly a tough development on the supply side and it was a tough development to the extent we have live production assets for parts of our business. This is the time of year usually there’s, you would see the recovery and they would be able to get in a better position.  Although its something that we have to monitor closely, we have to talk with them a lot. We take some comfort in the fact that the up cycle lasted three to four years and so hopefully the stronger ones at least are in a reasonable position against that, but clearly moving forward at some point something would have to give. 
Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital : And just looking at the broader equity market picture right now, it seems to be, I’d argue anticipating a kind of V shaped recovery, it seemed a little premature to me but if consumer purchase behavior continues to follow suit and it sounds like you’re seeing a little bit of that, I’m wondering if the risk of pantry de loading on some of your canned items could be or would be fully offset by improved sales of convenience items. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : There certainly could and probably will come a point where comp sales on canned items aren’t going to be double-digit. That wasn’t the trend we were on before. We do believe we’ve augmented those sales by introducing some nice extension innovation such as SPAM singles and Dinty Moore big bowls and Hormel Chili Master and those are contributing to the growth. And those are quite early in their life spans. But we did see very solid growth from a number of items, value is in the eye of the consumer. Party trays are over $10.00 a piece and so they’re certainly not a low priced item yet those sales continue to register at double-digit gain clips because I think consumers do deem them a good value for what they’re used for.  And so I think our portfolio is strong enough overall that even if we did see some mitigation of the growth on the canned items, we would make up for it in convenience and we would at that point probably start seeing some food service buoyancy. 
Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital : And just to follow-up on acquisitions and you’ve been to your credit, very patient over the last couple of years, or the last 18 months anyway, and I’m now trying to get a sense with seeing the prospect for continued improvement and market sentiment and the implication that may have for asset valuation, I’m trying to get a sense of whether or not your urgency or sense of urgency has changed in any way in the last couple of months around pulling a trigger on potential acquisitions. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : No I wouldn’t say its changed. We’ve been interested all along. We recognize that we’ve been in certainly a slower period of delivering a deal that we can talk about to the street versus say the time period in early 2005 when we had four of them happen in three months.  But there’s an ebb and flow to deals and your analysis of them. There was probably a moment there in the fall where when the credit markets were so ridiculous that had we had something on the verge of happening we might have been nervous about getting financing for it and that could have impacted our views. But otherwise our mindset is we’d love to find things that are a good fit and that we could acquire at a reasonable value. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company : Just wanted to follow along a little bit on the discussion about the security of supply of hogs, its our understanding that one of your suppliers could decide to sell assets, so would you take or look at the opportunity to maybe add to assets in the hog production area to secure supply. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : Well I’m assuming we’re not talking about any particular supplier. I’m not sure who you’re referencing and I wouldn’t be able to talk about it anyway. I can talk about philosophically, we’re not overly keen on adding volatility to our business through more exposure to live production assets at this point. We don’t mind the participation level we have.  Its certainly, we think we’ve brought in some knowledge and skill to the segment by being involved in it but we also recognize that ultimately we certainly profess to be and think we are primarily a packaged food company and so the more of those types of downstream assets that we get involved with, the further away from that consistent story we move.  So our goal would be to continue to maintain supplies through the kind of family farm, contract connections that we have for most of our business. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company : And then I’d be interested in your comments on the supply of hogs in China, do you think, we’re hearing stories that China maybe is in an over supply situation of hogs and I’d just be curious, I’d like your insight on that. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : Well we’ve heard a short-term assessment of that, that our sense is that perhaps in that country there’s been a stronger reaction to H1N1 fear then there has been in this country and in the short run that has potentially backed up pork supplies but its pretty early in the game to assess whether that’s going to continue or whether that should, and our hope is that that will go away here soon. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company : And then on grain, I don’t know if you care to look into your crystal ball and give us your thoughts on the outlook for corn and soybean prices, certainly we’re facing a delayed planting in the East Coast for corn, and in a smaller crop of soybeans out of South America. I don’t know if you’d care to comment at all. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : Well those are important factors. We certainly are rooting for the right weather to make sure that the farmers in those regions can engender a reasonable crop. Our year and our pricing is sort of built on an assessment that corn will be in the, anywhere from $3.50 to $5.00. Its kind of been in that vicinity since the big run up last summer. It pretty much lived in that range and so our best assessment right now is we’ll continue to live in that range.  But clearly a really disastrous event from a weather standpoint could impact that. Our sense now is hopefully that’s not going to happen.  
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Akshay Jagdale – Keybank
Akshay Jagdale – Keybank: Just focusing a little bit on grocery products, can you talk a little bit about the chili category and the exit of one of your key competitors and just maybe talk a little bit about longer-term trends in that division and where you could see normalized margin. That division obviously had close to 20% EBIT margins at one point, so if you could comment on that. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : Well the division, without getting into a lot of detail on it, I will concede that the divisional results over a stretch of years clearly were impacted by what we call the chili wars or the major entrance by both Campbell’s and Bush into the marketplace three, four years ago caused a lot of new advertising money to go into the category including by us, caused a lot of new promotional money to go into the category including by us.  And so as those entrances made their decisions about what to do with their franchises and as our team has redoubled its effort to retain our share and to make sure that we’re still the leader in that category we’re certainly in a better, more normalized position with that category.  We continue in addition to them leaving, we’re really focused on again driving innovation and we’ve done it through simple things like adding easy [open] tops to our basic canned products and then more elaborate innovations such as the microwavable trays, the microwavable bowls, and the premium glass jar Chili Master item. And our intention, we think chili is a great category to be in, we’re the clear leader and we expect to continue to drive growth in that area. 
Akshay Jagdale – Keybank: I think one thing that everyone seems to misunderstand quite a bit and this quarter is a perfect example and maybe you could clarify a bit is your refrigerated foods business, you have three parts in there the way I see it, meat products, food service, and then the pork business, the fresh and everything else and it seems like if I just look at year over year change in spreads for the market, fresh cut out versus the year over year change in your spreads, you have about only a third of the variability that the market show. And we’ve quantified that only a third of your portfolio within refrigerated foods moves really with the market and is impacted by the commodity prices and that sort of came through this quarter. So there’s been, everyone keeps asking about hog prices and the weak cut out etc., but like you said and you highlighted your meat products division was up high single-digits and it just seems like its very misunderstood, so maybe you could just talk about the portion of your business that’s commoditized. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : I can’t verify the quantification you provided but I think in general your thoughts make sense that overall of the refrigerated foods sales, a billion dollars of the sales are in the branded meat product area and a billion dollars of the sales are in the food service area where we’ve focused on value added branded products and so clearly we expect to kind of drive those results on a consistent basis and react on a pricing basis to what’s going on underneath it in the marketplace. And then even within the pork complex, we’ve made quite an effort over the years to brand as much of that as possible as well. We have our Always Tender franchise, we have our joint venture with Precept and other fresh port programs.  And so I do think overall we’ve done a lot of things in that division to make it a consumer oriented, consumer products type division and to be able to mitigate those big swings through the branded products. 
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital 
Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital : Just looking at the back half guidance, and on my numbers it actually implies a sequential deterioration in operating margin, and looking back I don’t see really any reason seasonally why back half would necessarily be above or below the second quarter operating margin. So I’m trying to get a sense of whether your guidance implies this deterioration entirely because of known variables that you’ve discussed currently impacting your business or whether you’re just kind of leaving some flexibility to deal with either unknown variables as headwinds or maybe worse then expected magnitude of the impacts from the known headwinds. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : Well as I indicated earlier we do expect the majority of our business operating segments to be up. We otherwise, and I do think what we’ve tried to factor in as best we can what our anticipation is of the challenges in the export area and the cut out area and then we’ve made as good a guess as we think we can in terms of the impact on some of the below the line factors that hit last year and what might happen this year.  So I guess that’s as good a characterization as I can give. We tried to kind of go all in with that and give you our best shot. At this point its what we think it adds up to. 
Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital : So your guidance I guess this is kind of the question, your guidance is a best shot, not necessarily a best shot but, hey guys why don’t we just leave ourselves a little bit of flexibility here should things deteriorate beyond what the current picture even suggests. 
Jeffrey Ettinger : I guess I don’t know how to answer that question without casting aspersions on the guidance, so I’m just going to have to leave it I guess. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Kevin Jones: Thank you all for joining us today.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-02-19 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Jones – Director Investor Relations Jeffrey Ettinger – Chairman of the Board, President, CEO Jody Feragen – Senior Vice President, CFO
Analysts: Laura Farha Aslam – Stephens Timothy Ramey – D.A. Davidson Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank Michael Hamilton – RBC Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company Chris Bledsoe – Barclay's Capital [Akshe Abdel – Keybanc]
Operator: Welcome to the Hormel Foods first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Jones.
Kevin Jones: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2009. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 am Central time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the investor section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jody Feragen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter and an outlook for the new fiscal year, then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be opened for questions following Jody's remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 am Central time today, February 19, 2009. The dial in number is 800-405-2236 and the access code is 11125920. It will also be posted on our website in archive for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statement we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 31 to 35 in the company's annual report for the fiscal year ended October 26, 2008 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Good morning. I think we did a decent job of holding our own in a turbulent economic environment during the first quarter. Overall sales grew 4% to $1.7 billion. Earnings were $0.60 per share, down from our record earnings of $0.64 per share a year ago.  Four of our five business segments showed increased sales but only one segment delivered increased operating profits. I will now take you through each segment. Our grocery product segment reported a dollar sales increase of 6% and a segment profit increase of 9% for the first quarter. Sales of the Spam family of products, Dinty Moore Stew and Hormel Chili were all up double digits during the quarter. Our strong advertising and promotional efforts helped up maintain strong brand loyalty giving us bigger shares of these product categories which are benefiting from a strong value proposition. These sales increases more than made up for the decline in sales of our Hormel Complete Microwave Meals during the quarter. We have taken steps to firm up sales of Complete which have suffered from an industry wide consumer trend away from microwaveable convenience products. These steps include enhanced marketing support both on air and in store. Sales of our ethnic products also increased during the quarter primarily driven by the restaging and increased support of our ChiChi's Sauces.  The refrigerated food segment had a difficult firs quarter, reporting a 5% increase in sales but a 27% decrease in segment profit. Higher than expected hog costs combined with lower than expected primal values resulted in unusually weak cut out results. We have gone from relatively high packer margins last summer to some of the worst packer margins we've seen in some time. Our Farmer John subsidiary was pressured by these same difficult circumstances during the quarter. We did achieve strong performance in our meat products group from the sale of value added branded products. We registered double digit sales increases of Hormel Cure81 hams, Delousa Deli Company products, Hormel Black Label Bacon and Hormel Natural Choice Sliced meats among others. Food service sales declined for the quarter as the consumer trend toward eating more meals at home and decreased travel continues to impact the industry.  The Jennie-O Turkey segment delivered a 5% increase in sales and a 16% decrease in segment profit during the quarter. As expected, Jennie-O had to deal with high grain input costs as birds with higher prices grain and current market prices were brought to market. As was also expected, these costs were not fully recaptured due to weak commodity meat markets stemming from an industry supply of breast meat and whole birds. We continue to work aggressively to reduce production at Jennie-O in order to minimize our exposure to these low commodity meat markets and to better align our meat supplies with our value added business needs. Decreasing egg sets and poultry placements elsewhere in the industry should also improve the balance between supply and demand. In the meantime, the team at Jennie-O continues to focus its attention on increasing sales of value added products with notable success being achieved during the quarter on Jennie-O Turkey Store Fresh Tray Pack Turkey and Turkey Burgers, and our grand champion, Deli Turkey. The specialty food segment reported decreased sales of 8% down 11% excluding acquisitions and a segment profit decrease of 15%.Within the segment, our specialty products group saw a reduction in contract packaging volume for microwave products and Century Foods suffered from deceased sales of nutritional and ready-to-drink beverages. Our Diamond Crystal brands group did generate a solid quarter with increased sales of nutritional and liquid portion products. Our other segment consisting primarily of our Hormel Foods business, we reported a 17% increase in sales but a 9% decrease in segment profit. We did enjoy increased export sales of fresh pork and the Spam family of products. However, these were offset on the bottom line by the increased strength of the U.S. dollar and weaker results by our joint ventures. Overall, we had predicted a down quarter, indeed a down first half for fiscal 2009, and our results thus far are in keeping with our expectations. But based on this result and the continued vibrancy of demand for many of our branded value added products, we believe we remain on track to achieve our guidance goal of $2.15 to $2.25 per share for the full fiscal year. Needless to say, we recognize that we will continue to confront challenges to our business as a result of the economy. These include the prevailing oversupply of commodity turkey meat, today's unfavorable cut out values in pork, uncertainty regarding commodity grain prices later this year, evidence of some trading down within the retail states and increased competitive pressure. But on the flip side, we have a number of strengths we feel give us a competitive edge in this economy. These include our strong portfolio of leading brands, our balanced business model, packaged food and value added protein products and a strong development program for innovation.  With regard to innovation, I'm pleased to report that we remain on track to meet our goal of $2 billion in sales of new products by fiscal 2012. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the first quarter of fiscal 2009.
Jody Feragen: Good morning everyone. Earnings for the fiscal 2009 first quarter totaled $81.4 million or $0.60 per share compared to $88.2 million or $0.64 a year ago. Dollar sales for the first quarter totaled $1.7 billion compared to $1.6 billion last year, a 4% increase. Acquisitions added about $5 million to the top line in the first quarter. Volume for the first quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, down 1% from fiscal 2008. Acquisitions added 5 million pounds to the quarter. We processed 2.4 billion hogs in the quarter, about even with last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were 8.4% of sales this year compared with 8.9% last year. As we stated in our earning release, we have changed the classification of shipping and handling costs from the selling and delivery expense to cost of product sold. Classification of the expense in cost of product sold better reflects the cost of producing and distributing our products. The 2008 first quarter results have been reclassified for comparability. We expect SG&A expenses to be approximately 9% of sales for the remainder of the year. Advertising expenses were 1.5% of sales for the quarter compared to 1.7% last year. We expect full year advertising expenditures for fiscal 2009 to exceed fiscal 2008 as we continue media campaigns to support our brands. Interest and investment income was a net gain of $2.4 million for the first quarter compared to a loss of $4.9 million in fiscal 2008. That was due to higher returns on the Rabbi Trust Investment and interest on higher cash balances. Interest expense for the quarter was $7.5 million compared to $6.7 million last year, primarily driven by higher borrowings on our short term line of credit. We expect interest expense to be approximately $28 million to $20 million for the full fiscal 2009. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 34% versus 36.7% in fiscal 2008. This lower rate is attributable to the mark to market gains in the Rabbi Trust which are not taxable. We expect the effective tax rate for fiscal 2009 to be about 36% to 37%. Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the first quarter was 134 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the first quarter was 135 million. We repurchased 375,000 shares of common stock during the first quarter at an average price of $27.67. We have 1.9 million shares remaining to be purchased from the 10 million share authorization in place. We continue to be strategic in repurchasing shares of our stock as a use of our free cash flow. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31 million compared to $33.1 million last year. We expect full year depreciation and amortization to be about $130 million to $135 million. Total long term debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million and we ended the quarter with $100 million outstanding on our short term line of credit. Cash flow from operations improved over 2008 as we emphasized initiatives to reduce our working capital. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $25.5 million compared to $31.9 million last year. For fiscal 2009 we expect capital expenditures to be about $140 million, mainly relating to the completion of our new production plant in Dubuque, Iowa. We continue to maintain our traditionally strong balance sheet. Our solid capital position not only gives us the flexibility to weather the tough economic times, but it also allows us the opportunity to make strategic investments to generate additional profitable growth for our company. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from [Laura Farha Aslam – Stephens]
Laura Farha Aslam – Stephens: I'm trying to do a better job of understanding your turkey division and the moving parts. It did quite well compared to the challenges it faces. Was there anything in particular in the quarter that you could highlight in the turkey division that allowed it deliver pretty decent results in a tough environment.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I think the biggest impact probably related to the production cuts we put through last May that allowed us to be position going into the quarter with minimizing the amount of surplus meat we would have in the face of what we knew were going to be tough meat markets. It also allowed us to realistically feed fewer turkeys less grain at a very expensive price, and so we see that unit, our expectation has been by the second half of this year to start looking at positive comp and they seem to be well on their way toward achieving that.
Laura Farha Aslam – Stephens: In terms of your grain hedges, traditionally Hormel hedges its grain in the fall. Are you continuing your current grain hedging policies or have you changed them at all in the face of current volatility.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Really for the last two years we've maintained a policy that we're willing to take positions in the ranges of 25% to 75% coverage on the primary feed ingredients of corn and soy meal. They're not necessarily put on any more at one particular time and at any given time we look out at a time horizon of 18 to 24 months, but it varies as to how much ahead we are at any given period within that 24 month time frame.
Laura Farha Aslam – Stephens: When you look at the current economy as it stands, is this economic weakness favorable to you because you have some recession resistant products which is Spam or Chili or are tough economic times challenged because of the food service? If you had to weigh the two, which would you say is more a factor for Hormel?
Jeffrey Ettinger: In spite of the national economic brain trusts declaring that the recession started retroactively in the fall of 2007, we really didn't start seeing it in our business until the fall of 2008, so we're pretty early on still in measuring these effects. At this point I would really have to tell you it's mixed. We certainly have seen a down turn in demand in some of our food service related businesses. We've suffered some in the microwaveable areas both in shelf stable products and in refrigerated as people seem to be moving more towards a canned alternative in those areas.  And I think it hit our specialty business this quarter as they have some of their contract business proved to be susceptible to the economy. But as you pointed out, on the plus side we have very solid franchises in many of our traditional products and overall we seem to be more than holding our own in this environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Timothy Ramey – D.A. Davidson.
Timothy Ramey – D.A. Davidson: You ended the quarter with quite a good pile of cash and great cash generation during the quarter, I'm wondering why there was anything on the line of credit. Can you remind us what the terms are on that $350 million note and whether it would make sense to pre-pay any of that?
Jody Feragen: We continue to evaluate what our capital position is and the $350 million note has penalties to it and I haven't been able to justify that additional cost on it. And additionally, we like to keep some dry powder available for opportunities that may present themselves. I think we're in an enviable position in the market place with a very clean balance sheet and the opportunity to look for acquisitions that can drive profitable growth.
Timothy Ramey – D.A. Davidson: Would you give us a little bit more color on the difficult packer margins and how you see that sort of a snapshot of where we're at now and how it might progress over the next few months.
Jeffrey Ettinger: It's hard to tell. We went through the first part of the quarter in pretty normal conditions and then it really reared its head late in the quarter and we're still upside down right now in terms of the value of the mean versus what we're paying for hogs is negative. Historically these time periods don't last particularly long. They shouldn't over time, but it's really hard to tell right now what's driving and when exactly we should expect it to reverse.
Jody Feragen: We do still expect to see a reduction in the supply of hogs in fiscal 2009, probably late spring early summer to hit and really like Jeff indicated, it's hard to tell. It should be upside down but it currently is.
Timothy Ramey – D.A. Davidson: The direct grocery side, great performance there, but we've been hearing a lot down at Cagney and other venues that there's been some inventory deloading and destocking. It doesn't seem like it based on the sell through that you had. Did you note any inventory issues either at the consumer level or the grocery level?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I really didn't. To me, maybe we went through that earlier than other companies. There was a time two, three years ago where we saw a pretty big disconnect between our shipments and what we were selling though on scan basis. Maybe we're just on a category that people decided earlier that they weren't going to maintain large inventories, but we really did not see any effect of that this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Following up on an earlier question about the trading down, it strikes me that the portion of your business that carries the highest margins are products that are really good value ways to eat in that grocery products business and would benefit a lot from people eating more meals at home and even within that, you're finding more reasonable ways to stretch a family meal and a part of your business that's more vulnerable to just the general economic malaise which would be refrigerated food and food service and all that goes with that carries that lower margin. Have you got any consumer look that would verify or deny that thought?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I think the numbers of the quarter would certainly lend some support to what you're saying. If you look at the grocery division, you've got 6% increase of sales, 9% increase in profit with a big downturn in microwave. So obviously but for that, the numbers would have been even stronger. So there's clearly momentum in that area. And refrigerated did experience some issues with food service and with some of the other items. So far though, it's not a need. Expensive items are down and less costly items are up matrix, and we have items that run counter to that and it kind of depends on what purpose they serve in the portfolio, what people are buying them for and if they still believe that they're a good value for that proposition, then even a higher priced item can hold its own.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: So within the meat segment, you're actually not seeing the sort of bottom end if you will, like the less expensive parts outperform? It's kind of all over the board right, because you've got good performance.
Jeffrey Ettinger: You could make an argument that the migration to such franchises as ham or raw bacon would indicate a move towards value because those are pretty good value type of items, but we're always a branded more premium player within those segments. So we're not seeing the trade down within. With the exception of, I know private label has been a big theme at the Cagney conference and I think we would reiterate what some of the other speakers said, which is we're getting more and more to a world of leading brands and private label, and the folks in the middle are the ones seeing share loss. But we pretty much, most of our categories, I think 34 items are number one, number two brands so we pretty much have those leading share positions in the niche categories we're competing in.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: In a tumultuous year, there's been a couple of consistent things. Everything I've been thinking about the hog market has been wrong and everything you've been saying about the hog market has been right. What are you currently thinking about as far as hog prices for the next quarter or two and what are you seeing on that cost side going forward?
Jody Feragen: I really appreciate you giving me those kudos because I no longer am forecasting hog prices. I think generally you're going to see with the reduction in the numbers that the prices obviously should increase. I don't see substantial increases over what where we were for a full year in 2008. And then obviously on the cut out side, it's going to depend a lot on what happens with exports and consumer demand within the industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Did you break out the price and the volume on the grocery products division?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Overall, volume was up 2% and net sales were up 6%. There are mix issues in there also, so it's not just pricing.
Jody Feragen: There was a decline in the complete that had a big impact on it.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: How do you think your pricing in grocery is going to track through the year? Are we going to see some price deflation in that group or are you done taking pricing? How should we forecast that?
Jeffrey Ettinger: In general, we've been in a catch up mode on pricing. You look at the meat based items, many of our meat competitors obviously are suffering from it big time and we have certain sub segments of our business where we see that where it's been very difficult to get full pricing to recover that kind of increase in raw material costs. That being said, most of the branded item pricing has kind of worked its way through the system. There is currently right now being executed in the market place a price increase on Hormel Chili that frankly we worked in partnership with the retailers. We delayed that effort because we had so many significant programs out in the market place for the Chili season. It would have been appropriate given the run up in can costs to take it last fall, but we decided to just go ahead and do it this spring. So that's really the last branded franchise to execute on that basis.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: So if your pricing is say positive two or positive three, I can't remember what from a year ago, do you think you're going to be pretty consistent in how it plays through throughout the year in the two to three range?
Jeffrey Ettinger: In terms of what the net sale increase will be over volume increase?
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Yes, Do you think the way you report pricing will up pretty consistently up two to three over a year ago?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I don't have the math. I'm pretty sure that you're going to see in most of the segments that the net sales figure will be up more than the volume figure, but I just want to be careful. If you're referencing how we're doing on pricing versus cost, we haven't caught up on it and I kind of doubt we will on a full basis, but we're close. We're certainly at a more comfortable rate than we were a year ago at this time.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: I was tracking pork cut out in November and December and they actually looked just fine. It wasn't until January that those margins went negative. Is that what you were seeing also, and are we very negative right now?
Jody Feragen: We are very negative right now. I think we had a couple days where it finally turned and went into a positive territory, but it's back negative. And yes, January was a month like the industry hasn't seen well over a decade, and that really did impact our refrigerated foods business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: I just wanted to say the results were very good, and I was curious if they were in line with, even though you had forecasted down first quarter, down first half, they were still stronger than we expected and I was wondering if they were in line or perhaps a bit better than you expected for the quarter?
Jeffrey Ettinger: Our segment results were when all is said and done, slightly better than we expected and we did see some benefits on tax rate and the Rabbi Trust comparison and so forth that made the earnings per share number even a little bit higher.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Going back to Jennie-O, the results were very strong and I know that you had some corn hedges. Do they go off now? How do we think about this business going to the second quarter because the industry has been very aggressive in eggs and poultry placement reductions and it looks like you're reducing your commodity need on the market and then at the same time if you rolled through higher cost corn hedges, should we look at this margin as sustainable for the rest of the fiscal year?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I would urge you not to look at a particular margin rate versus sales as being sustainable for the year, for any year for Jennie-O just because it's a pretty seasonable business in terms of the returns. The first and fourth quarters are high and the second and third quarters are low. If you look year over year at the same quarters, we could be in a position to see an improvement in Q2.  Our outlook had been more like Q3, Q4. There's still a lot of meat on the market. The best meat price is depressed versus where it was a year ago and it hasn't shown a lot of signs of movement yet. The cold storage stocks are mounting.  But we have done a nice job of tightening ourselves up and reducing the ratio of surplus meat that we would have internally and having it match better to our value added needs so that helped us in the first quarter. It should help to continue to help in the second quarter.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Do the corn hedges, are they rolling off or are they still there?
Jeffrey Ettinger: They just do naturally roll off, the ones that you put ion place for a certain time frame, but what I answered earlier, given that we have a general philosophy of a 25% to 75% range and given that we could be out any time as much as 18 to 24 months, it's not like all hedges are just going to go off and be replaced with no hedge. There will just be new price positions that are part of our hedge equation and we true up that math through filing each quarter so you can kind of see where that ended up.
Jody Feragen: We basically put hedges on to cover grain as the turkeys consume it and they consume it 12 months out of the year so there's not like an end point to something.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: In terms of going back to the packer margins, if the industry is negative now and the supply of hogs is just going to get tighter as we get into the spring and the summer, how would say the industry will respond to that? Do you expect slaughter to cut back? Historically, how has the industry responded when they're facing a tighter hog supply?
Jody Feragen: I don't know that I have many years to go back to when we were upside down back in 1996, but I think that you would look at the opportunity to reduce your production numbers and we've certainly, while we harvested the same number of heads last year, certainly look for opportunities particularly in January where we could reduce the numbers that we had going through. Some discretion by production packers might be in order to get things turned around.
Jeffrey Ettinger: We have most of our hogs on contract and certainly we honor the contracts in terms of what we're supposed to take delivery for, but as things turned around here, if there free market hogs that normally we would be bidding on, we're not looking to take them in and cut red on them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hamilton – RBC.
Michael Hamilton – RBC: I was wondering if you could quantify gain off of the Rabbi Trust in the quarter.
Jody Feragen: Last year we actually, it was a minimal gain for the first quarter, somewhere over a $1.5 million, but it was a bigger loss last year. Last year I think it was a $6 million loss.
Michael Hamilton – RBC: Is a piece of the trust in the Hormel shares?
Jody Feragen: No. It is all market investments and obviously because of the performance of the equity markets, it's kind of, and I have not rebalanced. It's kind of skewed itself to fixed income so we tend to have a little better than market favorable results right now, but if anybody can tell me what the market is going to do in the next three months, I'd welcome that.
Michael Hamilton – RBC: I was going to applaud you. Your portfolio is doing better than mine. Jeff, could you take a couple of minutes and give your views knowing there's a huge volatility on international outlook, how you see things playing out and impacting the Hormel business model?
Jeffrey Ettinger: In terms of exporting?
Michael Hamilton – RBC: Exactly, and the full international model given what we're seeing in emerging market pressure and the unknowns on the demand side.
Jeffrey Ettinger: We're expecting frankly a little bit of a downturn in export volume on pork. Our expectation would be in the 10% to 15% range. Others have other opinions and we'll see I guess, but that would be a 10% to 15% decline off of a very large number obviously. The number has mounted over the years. When all is said and done, our pork exports are pretty niched and pretty limited. They're a valuable part of our portfolio but it's not a big volume area. We obviously have in country presence in markets like China, and there we have seen a reduction. There's more pigs so there's been a reduction in the cost of that raw material so that's favorable. On the turkey side, dark meat in holding in there for now. We worry about political risk with kind of sporadic new listings of plants from Russia and others but overall right now, the meat is moving and there seems to be good solid demand for it. But it's certainly something we're keeping our eye on. Overall it affects our business. It's not as much a direct effect but clearly if it made markets back up and meat back up then we would feel that even in our domestic business.
Michael Hamilton – RBC: On the specialty side where you mentioned some economic pressures contract wise, is it your feeling that you're taking some market share issues or is it mainly showing up in pricing?
Jeffrey Ettinger: The areas that we really got hit in specialty are where we do more contract manufacturing for others so the downside to that is you're kind of at the mercy of however their franchise is doing. And for those, they'll just have to correct themselves over time. In addition to that, we did lose a customer or two in those areas. In that case, the team has been aggressive about trying to find replacement business and in one case has already landed some, and in another case, there is some pretty favorable things to be able to utilize those facilities a capacity basis. So they may well see another quarter, a down quarter but I don't know that it will be down as far as this first quarter turned out to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company.
Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company: We've heard lots of discussion at Cagney about cost cutting and companies looking at reducing costs further. Is this a program that Hormel is embarking on as well?
Jody Feragen: If I have excess costs to cut, I'll certainly look to do that, but we have run ourselves as a very lean company. Not to say that we don't judiciously look at every job that needs to be replaced in this economic environment. We've asked our business units as well as our corporate staff to really scrutinize expenditures, kind of the normal day to day think we do at Hormel.
Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company: Can I get an update on China and your commitment to that market?
Jeffrey Ettinger: We've been in the market now for 11 years. We have we think a strong niche position there. Our brand has a great reputation. It's more of a high end brand in that market. Obviously we're hearing about some downturn in that economy, but for now a downturn means high single digit growth instead of double digit growth, and our volumes and sales in China were up first quarter, so we're still very committed to that market and over time want to find the right way to grow our customers over there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Bledsoe – Barclay's Capital.
Chris Bledsoe – Barclay's Capital: I've had a difficult time trying to quantify the elasticity historically in a recessionary period. I curious, you own work has suggested a cross to protein complex and a certain magnitude of elasticity that we can just think about as a framework more from a macro perspective than anything specific to Hormel.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I have to say that we don't have a lot of work in that regard and even in this case study example we're in now, I wouldn't have necessarily guessed all of the franchise reactions that we've seen. I think it just depends on how the consumer sees the value proposition in the items, what the competitors do at the same time, what retailer's attitude is toward the items.  So I probably can't help you a lot in terms of something that would be able to sink your teeth into in terms of the modeling.
Jody Feragen: It's a global market place today, so obviously the impact that exports or imports have on any one protein is important as well.
Chris Bledsoe – Barclay's Capital: Just perhaps anecdotally then, among your own restaurant customer base, are you seeing any change in feature activity in choosing poultry over red meat items? Any change of behavior among your restaurant customers?
Jeffrey Ettinger: We've certainly seen traffic changes. The ones that are in that casual dining or higher end areas are suffering more than the fast food type which are clearly hanging in there. We don't have a heck of a lot of fast food exposure on the Hormel side although that was one of the reason Diamond Crystal hung in there during the quarter. They're a big food service business. They have a lot of their business to feed the chains in the fast food chains and those are doing well. In terms of particular items, chain by chain I'm sure they're looking for opportunities to hit a certain ticket point to drive traffic into their stores, but that's what they need. They need head count in there and it's a mixed bag of who's able to achieve that right now.
Chris Bledsoe – Barclay's Capital: In your own mix of SKU's at the retail level in grocery, are you thinking about sort of altering your mix a bit to favor more chicken items to drive value to the consumer that way?
Jeffrey Ettinger: I don't know that its protein based. To me that's one of the underlying stories of success for us right now, that we're very pleased in this environment. If you look at grocery and you measure in terms of volume and dollars, we had volume and dollar increases on Chili, Spam, Dinty Moore, Hash, Chichi's Salsa, so pretty across the board. The only down items really were Complete and Bacon Bits and our Chunky franchise was kind of mixed with Valley Fresh Green up and Hormel down. So overall we think we have the right items that people are looking for right now. We're doing a good job of promoting in store and partnering with our retailers.
Chris Bledsoe – Barclay's Capital: Since you've seen what was a frozen entree player kind of encroach a bit into the shelf stable category, do you also see an opportunity to do the reverse and make a name for Complete in the frozen entree space? Do you think that would test well with consumers?
Jeffrey Ettinger: You never say never, but I would say it's highly unlikely. We did have a foray into the frozen world in past year with what we had, a quick meal sandwiches and Mrs. Patterson's Aussie Pies. It's a very competitive area. Our experience was, you have to have some significant scale to be a player in that area, and we just didn't have it. And so when you think about it, you'd have to turn your whole supply chain, the trucks, everything else to run a certain way, and you don't have that kind of branded presence, it's unlikely to me that we would make that kind of a move with Complete. We think there is all sorts of room on the dry grocery shelf over time to offer multiple items and between that and refrigerated in where we're focusing our meals efforts.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Akshe Abdel – Keybanc]
[Akshe Abdel – Keybanc]: I wanted to get back to a question Christina asked earlier. You talked about your internal expectations and segment profit overall being a little bit better and I wanted to take that back to the last conference call when we talked a little bit about refrigerated food, and I believe if I remember correctly, you said that for this full year you were expecting refrigerated foods should be flat or slightly up and this quarter it was down about 27%. So if you look at the overall, the comment you made was segment profits were down, but if you take it segment by segment, is it fair to say that the refrigerated food were worse than you expected and Jennie-O turkey was better and also grocery products were a lot better.  I just trying to get a sense of, you beat by $0.09 and you haven't increased guidance and it seems like you're being very conservative and basically based on what's going on in refrigerated. I'm just trying to get some perspective on that for the full year.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I would agree with you that refrigerated did worse than we had thought and Jennie-O did better than we had thought. Grocery was kind of about where we thought it would be. And those are the big picture color items in terms of segment profit delivery. I guess what I was trying to allude to earlier in terms of $0.09, we can see on our end there's an element of below the line benefit we had with the Rabbi Trust year over year performance, with the tax rate change. Those things were favorable to us and added to earnings per share. Those come and go. Last year we ended up having a down year on earnings per share, but our segment profit results were up 6%. You live with your earnings per share number and this quarter our earnings per share reflected higher because some of the low line items. But that's part of why we're s ticking with our guidance, is we don't have an expectation of those staying below line gains quarter after quarter going forward.
Jody Feragen: Certainly we did not expect to see the pork packer margins turn like they did in January for us so that really was what led to the surprise on the refrigerated food side.
[Akshe Abdel – Keybanc]: Just overall as you look at your company, there's always a debate whether you are a packaged food company or a protein company. If I look at you from a packaged food perspective and I look at your quarter, your results at the EBIT level were still better than the market was expecting but if I saw these same numbers for a packaged food company, I would be questioning the SG&A. So can you put some color around the flexibility you have in SG&A and how much of that packaged foods really is related to future growth and that was affected because you don't want to see a drop in investments towards your brand etc. So if you could comment on that?
Jeffrey Ettinger: The advertising ratio as a percentage of sales did go down a little bit but our expectation for last year advertising was higher than the year before. That's two years in a row. Our expectation for this year is that we will support our brands at a higher level overall. Sometimes the flow from quarter to quarter can vary a little bit. Otherwise, I think when you are looking at us modeling wise, and looking at ratios we have to concede that we have a balanced entity and there are elements of our business that don't have the margin returns that General Mills has for example.  But that being said, I would say because of our balanced business model and you look at our track record, that we behave more like a packaged food company. We've had 24 up years out of the last 27. We're very branded oriented. We've very value added oriented. That's certainly how we look at ourselves.
Jody Feragen: The last time I did a comparison of our SG&A to our peer group which includes protein as well as packaged companies, we certainly weren't as low as the protein players, but we were no where near the percentage of sales in SG&A that some of the packaged food companies were so I'm a little surprised by that comment.
[Akshe Abdel – Keybanc]: The absolute numbers are fine. I'm just looking at the change and the deviation relative to what the street was expecting and if you saw that kind of deviation for packaged food companies, generally people would be talking about quality for the quarter. I'm just trying to get a sense for how much flexibility do you have relative to a packaged food company and moving that SG&A number? But the comments were helpful.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you all for joining us today. For those at Cagney, safe travel home and I'll be available for questions after the call.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-11-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Kevin Jones – Director of Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Ettinger – Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Jody H. Feragen – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
Analysts:  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co. Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc. Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets [Chris Blitzer] – Barclays Capital [Soc Chay] – KeyBanc Capital Markets [John McMillen – Lord Abbott] 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen thank you for holding and welcome to the Hormel Foods fourth quarter earnings conference call on the 25th of November, 2008. (Operator Instructions) I will now hand the conference over to Kevin Jones. Please go ahead sir.
Kevin Jones:  Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM Central Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section.  On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter and the year. Then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter and the year. Jeff will then provide an outlook for fiscal year 2009. The line will be open for questions following Jeff’s closing remarks.  An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 AM Central Time today, November 25, 2008. The dial-in number is 800-405-2236 and the access code is 11118122. It will also be posted on our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the safe harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products.  Please refer to Pages 26 through 31 in the company’s 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 27, 2008 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Good morning. Results for our fourth quarter were mixed. Top line growth was strong with sales for the quarter reaching $1.86 billion, up 12% from the prior year and up 10% excluding acquisitions. However, our bottom line results were clearly disappointing to us. Earnings per share for the quarter were $0.50 compared to $0.73 last year, a decrease of 32%. Included in these results was a $20 million investment loss in the company’s rabbi trust. For the full year, sales were $6.75 billion, up 9% from last year and up 7% excluding acquisitions. Earnings per share for the full year were $2.08, down 4% from last year. Total segment operating profits were up 6% from a year ago. Without question, we are in a unique and challenging economic environment. Demand has been impacted by the trend to more at home dining and through changing consumer preferences at retail. These circumstances, coupled with spikes in certain raw material costs, took a toll on our earnings this quarter.  Nevertheless, we had some positive highlights during the quarter as well. I will now take you through each of the segments. For our grocery products segment, dollar sales were up 6% and segment profit was down 3%. For the year, sales were up 8% and segment profit was up 5%. As has been widely reported in the media, sales of the Spam family of products were up solidly during the quarter. I am also pleased to report that other core items such as Hormel Chili, Dinty Moore Stew and Mary Kitchen Hash also experienced strong dollar sales and volume growth. For grocery products on the flip side, sales of Hormel Compleats and Microwave Meals slowed during the quarter, attributable to the combination of higher pricing and apparent changes in consumer buying preferences. In addition, margins for several grocery products items were pressured during the quarter, primarily due to higher beef and pork trim costs.  The refrigerated foods segment capped off a strong year with a solid fourth quarter, reporting 11% higher sales, up 9% excluding acquisitions and 12% higher segment profit. For the full year, sales increased 8%, 4% excluding acquisitions and segment profit increased 22%. Declining hog prices and favorable cut out values were the primary drivers of earnings growth for this segment during the fourth quarter.  In our meat products group, products experiencing strong growth during the quarter included Natural Choice Deli Meats, Hormel Refrigerated Entrees and Hormel Always Tender Flavored Pork Loins. However, margins on some meat product items were pressured by spiking input costs that we were not able to offset with pricing. Our food service division experienced flat sales, as they were affected by the industry wide declines in away from home dining. Our Farmer John group saw improved results during the quarter, primarily as a result of their fresh pork operations.  For Jennie-O Turkey Store, the 44% drop in Q4 operating profit was about what we expected but that did not make it any easier to absorb in terms of its affect on our company wide results. Sales dollars were up 11%, reflecting a combination of necessary price advances and some volume gains, and for the full year sales were up 9% while segment profit was down 27%. An industry wide excess supply of commodity turkey breast meat and lower demand has resulted in a stagnant market. Higher input costs for feed and fuel also contributed to the decline in operating profit during the quarter at Jennie-O Turkey Store. The retail segment of Jennie-O Turkey Store continues to be a bright spot, with volumes in sales dollars increasing during the quarter. In particular, sales of Jennie-O Turkey Store trade pack products and turkey burgers continued to register impressive sales gains.  The specialty food segment had an excellent quarter, with sales, volume and segment operating profit all experiencing double-digit increases. Operating profit was up 49% and dollar sales were up 20%, up 16% excluding acquisitions, with all three sub-business units contributing to these gains. For the full year, operating profit for specialty food increased 14% and dollar sales were up 12%, up 11 excluding acquisitions. Results in specialty products were driven by increased sales in contract manufacturing and savor ingredients. Diamond Crystal’s results were led by higher nutritional sales volume and the bulk of Grande Foods acquisition. Country Foods International finished off an excellent year, with significant gains in tonnage and sales and blended ingredients, nutritional powders and ready-to-drink products. In the all other segment, our international business had a soft ending to an otherwise excellent year. In the fourth quarter, operating profit was down 8% while dollar sales were up 34%. For the full year, sales were up 27% and operating profit was up 17%. Results in the quarter were adversely impacted by higher raw material costs and the strengthening dollar against key currencies. Positives for international during the quarter were strong exports of fresh pork and strong sales of the Spam family of products.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2008. 
Jody H. Feragen:  Thank you Jeff. Good morning. Earnings for the fiscal 2008 fourth quarter totaled $67.8 million or $0.50 per share compared to $101.2 million or $0.73 per share a year ago. Earnings for the 12 months of fiscal 2008 totaled $285.5 million or $2.08 per share compared to $301.9 million or $2.17 per share a year ago. As Jeff alluded to at the outset, the rabbi trust losses were the primary driver of our earnings miss for the year. This trust was explained in your earnings release. Those investment losses do not affect the company’s cash flow nor is the company under any obligation to recapitalize the trust fund. Dollar sales for the fourth quarter totaled $1.9 billion compared to $1.7 billion last year, a 12% increase. Acquisitions added about $23 million to the top line in the fourth quarter. For the full year, dollar sales increased 9% to $6.8 billion. Acquisitions added $130 million to the top line for the full year. Volume for the fourth quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, up 3% from fiscal 2007. Acquisitions added about 15 million pounds to the quarter. Volume for the full fiscal year was 4.7 billion pounds, up 5% from fiscal 2007. Acquisitions added about 88 million pounds to the full year. Our selling and delivery expenses in the fourth quarter were 11.4% of sales this year compared with 11.6% last year. Year-to-date, selling and delivery expenses were 12.4% of sales compared to 12.5% last year. We expect selling and delivery expenses to be about 12.2% of sales for fiscal 2009, as lower fuel costs are offset by higher marketing expenses.  Advertising expenses were 1% of sales for the quarter compared to 0.8% last year. While year-to-date advertising expenditures increased in absolute dollars, the expenses were 1.5% of sales, even with fiscal 2007. Advertising expenditures for fiscal 2009 are expected to exceed those of fiscal 2008 as we continue media campaigns to support our brands. Our general and administrative expense was 2.3% of sales for the quarter, the same as last year’s fourth quarter. For the full fiscal 2008, general and administrative was 2.6%, even with last year. We expect general and administrative expenses to be about 2.8% of sales in fiscal 2009.  The dramatic decline in investment income was attributable primarily to the performance of our rabbi trust assets. The decline reflects the overall challenging investment environment. We experienced a $20 million investment loss, most of which occurred in the last month of the quarter, compared with the $5 million gain for the same quarter a year ago. For the full year, investment losses were about $29 million. Interest expense for the quarter was $7.4 million compared to $7.7 million last year. Year-to-date interest expense was $28 million compared to $27.7 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $29 million for fiscal 2009. Total long term debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million and we ended the quarter with $100 million outstanding on our short term line of credit, related mostly to working capital. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31 million compared to $33 million last year. For the full year, depreciation and amortization was $126 million compared to $127 million last year. We expect in 2009 that depreciation and amortization will approximate $130 to  $135 million. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 41.9% versus 34.9% in fiscal 2007. This higher rate is attributed to the mark to market losses in the rabbi trust, which are not tax deductible. The year-to-date effective tax rate is 37.6% compared to 35.7% last year. For fiscal 2009, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 36 and 37%. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $30 million compared to $29 million last year. For the full year, capital expenditures totaled $126 million, even with last year. For fiscal 2009 we expect capital expenditures to approximate $140 to $150 million, mainly related to completion of our new production plant in Dubuque, Iowa. Given changes in consumer preferences, we intend to use this plant for both microwave and canned products manufacturing. As we stated in our earnings release, we will continue to be conservative in managing our capital. That said, our priorities continue to be using our cash flow to grow our business and return cash to our shareholders. We are more cautious today given the uncertainty in the credit markets but we do remain confident that adequate capital will be available to meet our strategic growth needs.  The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year was 135 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarter was 136 million versus 137 million for the full year. We repurchased 367,000 shares of common stock during the fourth quarter at an average price of $35.62. We have 2.3 million shares remaining to be purchased from the 10 million share authorization in place. As I stated before, we will continue to be strategic in repurchasing shares of our stock as a use of our free cash flow. We processed 2.4 million hogs in the quarter, even with last year. For the full year, we processed 9.5 million hogs compared to 9.4 million last year. The average live hog cost in the fourth quarter was $57 per live hundredweight, just below our forecasted range of $58 to $62 that we called out during our third quarter conference call. This compared with an average live base of $49 in the same quarter last year. At this time, I will turn the call back over to Jeff to discuss the outlook for fiscal 2009.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Thanks Jody. As set forth in our release, we anticipate a combination of external factors to impact our business in fiscal 2009. The challenges we face include an over supply of turkey breast meat and higher commodity costs during the early part of the year at Jennie-O Turkey Store; the prospect of increasing hog prices as supplies gradually decline; and the uncertain economic environment affecting consumer demand. Opportunities include the flexibility that our strong balance sheet provides; the stability of our balanced model; and the continued momentum and success of our value added products. On this latter point, we remain on track to achieve our $2 billion of new product sales by 2012 from sales of products introduced since the year 2000. After assessing these factors in our business plans for the upcoming year, we have established our fiscal 2009 guidance range at $2.15 to $2.25 per share versus the $2.08 per share results we announced today for 2008. Consistent with my comments in our August conference call, our first half earnings will likely be down in comparison to our strong start in fiscal year 2008. We do expect to rebound sharply in the second half, allowing us to achieve higher earnings for the full year in 2009. I remain confident about our future, notwithstanding the difficulties posed by various macro factors. We have a great team of experienced, dedicated employees. We have a strong portfolio of leading brands within their categories. We are still the leader of value added meals that feature protein. Our products have proven to be highly relevant to consumers during hard times, as evidenced by our continued sales growth. We operate from a solid financial position, which not only gives us the flexibility to weather hard times but also positions us to make strategic investments in areas that can generate additional profitable growth for our company. Finally, we believe our stock is undervalued and that investors with a long term outlook, seeking a quality investment, would be well served to give serious consideration to an investment in our company. At this point, I would like to turn the call over to the Operator for questions and answers from our participants.
Operator:  Thank you sir. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  I guess two questions. One is you know, Jeff, I remember the in 2002 and 2003, when there was a glut of protein on the market because exports to Russia of chicken dried up and now we’re in a situation where the currency has strengthened and you could see probably a broader issue there. And I want to know if you think that Hormel will face the same kind of pressures today that it felt back then.  And then secondly, maybe I missed it, but can you give a little more color on what you’re doing with your Compleats business and what your pace of investment is now and whether you’re going to slow down or not and maybe refocus on cheaper canned goods instead.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  First of all in terms of the protein and the export situation, obviously we’re at this point coming off of historically very strong export markets. We’re not counting on those types of markets in our 2009 expectations. We’ve already seen somewhat of a downturn. At this point, we’re not seeing a back up of the raw materials that we’re putting out into the market, either through our turkey or pork operations.  Time will tell whether either because of currency issues or because of trade issues, if any of these trading partners do put us back into a mode that would be more like ’02 and ’03. But our best expectation right now is for a slowdown but nothing precipitous. In terms of some color on the Compleats product line, that line is obviously coming off of tremendous momentum over a several year timeframe. We continue to feel that the item is an excellent consumer proposition, both in terms of value and in terms of convenience. I can see that we’ve been a little surprised by the turnaround in the business over the past quarter or even a couple months beyond that. Clearly it seems to be having an economic effect in terms of the consumers’ immediate reaction to the recession.  We’ve seen in the case of some of our heavier consumers, perhaps before they were throwing six of these items into the cart and now they’re throwing three or four in. Clearly any time you go to a convenience item, there is an element that you’re potentially trading convenience for price and that may be you could see some migration back to some of the canned items that some of these items are derived from. I would point out, however, in the Compleats franchise we have a number of the options are items that really you can’t get in a can.  We have pork roast, we have beef roast items. We have whole muscle chicken breast items. And so we’re kind of retooling our strategy there. We think we have good plans in place in 2009 to support both the red label traditional Compleats line and the newer, more health oriented green Compleats items that we introduced in the market this year. We don’t expect the 30, 40, 50% growth that we had been experiencing but we do expect to turn it around and have a positive year on Compleats in 2009.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  And then lastly, you said that your stock is undervalued and maybe just give us a little more color on how you intend to use your cash flow over the next 12 months in terms of buying back that stock and how quickly you can do it.
Jody H. Feragen:  I guess I’ll step in and take that call. You know, certainly as we were moving into our blackout period at the end of the fourth quarter, there was a significant amount of turmoil in the credit markets and access to capital certainly was uncertain at that point. We did not have the repurchase plan in place during the blackout period. Given that, now that we’ve passed those six weeks and we are seeing that the credit markets, while they’re still very uncertain, seem to have returned to a bit more normalcy. And I would expect that if we come out of this call and into an open period where our stock is trading at these levels that we would take advantage of that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Robert, on the valuation side, I mean team will tell, I guess, where this total market settles in in terms of what are appropriate multiples. I guess we look at a company that still has very solid momentum in its sales, that when all of a sudden done ended up with the 4% decline in earnings even counting our rabbi trust loss but has a stock that’s down 20 to 30% is being a good proposition for somebody in the long run.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  And have you said how big your share repurchase program is or are you going to the board to make a recommendation on how big it could be?
Jody H. Feragen:  Right now we have the 2.3 million shares under the original authorization remaining.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  So are you going to go back and ask for a bigger authorization?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  We’ll have that discussion with the board as we get closer to finishing out the authorization that’s in place.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  Jeff, did you make an assumption on the rabbi trust for your 2009 guidance or have you just assumed neutral? How do we think about that? And I think Jody you mentioned that the mark there is not tax deductible. Would you confirm that it was about $0.15 a share then in EPS for your 4Q?
Jody H. Feragen:  For the fourth quarter?
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  Yes.
Jody H. Feragen:  It was $20 million. Are you looking at the delta?
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  No, I’m not looking at the delta. The delta would be even bigger, wouldn’t it?
Jody H. Feragen:  Yes. It’s not as simple as that because you’d have to go back through and recalculate but you get the idea that it was a significant impact. For 2009 obviously I’m not planning on having another $29 million. I do have built into the guidance range some further deterioration in the rabbi trust. I’m hoping that doesn’t come to pass.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  Is there anything you can do to hedge that or would you do anything to hedge that?
Jody H. Feragen:  Obviously if I sold the assets today I’m only realizing things that now are just paper losses, so a little patience and wait for the market to get back and then we do have a plan in place.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  Jeff, you didn’t really talk about any benefit to gross margin, or if you did I missed it, for ’09. But do you anticipate gross margin benefit? I know you might be thinking about paying higher protein prices later in the year, but a lot of other things have certainly moved your direction.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  I think we will see that, if you can look at discrete quarters in the later part of the year. It’s kind of a hard read on the full year basis, given what we’re starting with and when we still have the carryover effect of the 22 week buildup on the turkey inventories. We also have a very significant kind of buildup in terms of commodity meat values in that part of the business that as we talked about on the last call need to work their way through.  But clearly the clouds are clearing in that sense and we should be in a much better position if the current input costs environment holds, and if we get out of the over supply issue. Kind of gets back to Robert’s first question. That would be the one wild card would be if exports were to be severely diminished then that could harm that. But our outlook right now, as I mentioned earlier for some decline in exports but nothing calamitous.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  This may be a hard question to answer but if you think about say some of the stunning results in Tyson’s pork business recently, your results in the 4Q were good but not stunning. What do you – how would you contrast that? 
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Our refrigerated food business has had a really wonderful year overall. We’re expecting 2009 to be a more challenging year for them, especially when you look at the comps that they’re going out right out of the gate again. They had a 50% up quarter in Q1 and over 20% in Q2. Right now the kind of overall cutout values as we speak are not as favorable as they were a year ago. And we have the added pressures that we have a pretty significant food service component in our business that’s not performing as well as it would have in a year ago’s timeframe.  So overall, clearly we’re very happy with the year. In terms of the quarter, some of their value added businesses experienced some of these same kinds of spikes in certain raw materials that compressed margins and some of the value added areas. I couldn’t speak to how that impacted Tyson but clearly that was something that pulled down our results for the quarter and that has us being cautious about the 2009 outlook for refrigerated.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch:  Just on the change in the direction of the plant. My timetable was that you had – you were scheduled to get that up and running later next year. I have November, 2009, and maybe my date is incorrect but I guess I just am curious if you’re switching now to some production there will be canned goods, is that something you can bring on earlier?  Or are you anticipating kind of a lengthy recession here that by the time you bring it up online late next year we may already be – things may already be improving and therefore wouldn’t necessarily want that much exposure to canned goods? So if you could just sort of talk us through your thought process there in regards to the timing.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Very fair questions, Diane; timing wise it’s not a significant change. You’re correct that we had announced the plant would open in November, 2009. Our assessment right now that we’ve had several months of construction and then now that we’re in the process of ordering the different types of equipment that would need to go in, it’ll likely come online in January of 2010. So we’re talking maybe a couple months at the most difference. The walls are already up. The roof will be on by the end of this year.  There really isn’t any way to accelerate the opening of the overall plant and so that would still be our game plan, whether we put canning franchises in there or microwave. In terms of our assessment of the opportunity, we really have seen excellent momentum in many of our canned items that pre-dates the recession starting. I mean, we’ve put a lot of effort against new product development in some of these franchises. We’ve done a lot with both trade promotion and our consumer advertising campaign.  And yes we do believe that there’s a benefit clearly from the economic times we’re in as well. So we’ve been having to run a lot of our existing - our grocery products facilities very hard on Saturdays and Sundays in many of the weeks. And so we do look at – we took a look at the fact that the Compleats momentum wasn’t what we had originally anticipated when we first announced the plan. We still feel we need the one new production line and that will be a more efficient line for us than where we have been producing at.  And we do expect that business to grow in ’09, but we think we’ll have several options of different product lines we could put into that facility that would be on the canned side of the business that would benefit us over a long period of time. We wouldn’t put a line in there if we felt it was just going to be for a few months benefit.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch:  And then I guess in your press release on the outlook side, you did talk about potential decline of supply. And I’m assuming you mean hogs and beef. I mean we saw the cattle on feed number late last week. I guess that was a little bit lower than what the trade was looking for. What are your expectations about how the supply of market ready animals will be as we head through the year? So if you maybe quarter by quarter, if you have an overview there of what you’re looking for on the supply side.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  I’ll let Jody speak to the quarters. I can give you the overall. I mean, the picture we’re looking at is about a 3 to 4% decline in both the turkey side of the business and the pork side of the business. Obviously in turkey we have more direct control over that supply system. And it started with the amount of poults we placed in the system back last summer. And so we have a pretty good confidence of what numbers we’ll see in that regard. On the pork side, we’ve been paying close attention to overall sow liquidation which was occurring in the later part of the summer and which has slowed down quite a bit lately, and that’s our best read. Our best guess right now is probably more in the spring to late winter is when you’ll see that come on, so if you want to add some detail to that, that’s great.
Jody H. Feragen:  That’s absolutely right. Our group’s thinking that the March, April timeframe and certainly while we have seen actually the sow numbers prior to more recent times decline, we’re also seeing productivity improve. So you get that mitigates some of the decline but just right in the overall. And I would expect that sometime towards the end of our second quarter that we’d start seeing the numbers come into market decrease.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  I guess the other reason we pointed it out is when you track our tonnage numbers for total refrigerated food and Jennie-O next year, you’ll likely see a down year based on these input costs. We still expect to be able to push our value added business within these franchises.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch:  And then I guess Jody, could you give us an outlook on the hog costs in the first quarter?
Jody H. Feragen:  I quit being a hog cost forecaster.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch:  It’s better this quarter than you thought you were going to, back in August.
Jody H. Feragen:  You know, there are so moving pieces to that that I think that you’ll get your sources from industry and that’ll be just as good as what I can do for you, Diane.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch:  Well, can you give us an idea about what you’re looking for in terms of the guidance you’ve given?
Jody H. Feragen:  As far as the guidance we’re giving, we’re looking at hog costs that would be above first quarter 2008.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  What’s the size of the Compleats business now?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Oh, it’s $150 to $200 million range.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  Jeff, you had mentioned that it was the economy that’s slowing that business. You’ve also had new competitors enter that category. How would you characterize the impact of competitors versus economy?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  At this point, we haven’t seen a significant competitor impact. We – there are new players in it. Del Monte’s been in for most of the year. ConAgra’s Healthy Choice offerings have hit the shelf, and isolated stores that may divert a feature to the new item versus our item that has been out there. But I think we’ve talked about before, we think it’s a section that eventually in the store is going to be a large section and will be able to handle multiple players, providing support to the category.  So really our best read right now is the bigger effect for us has been the economic issue. Obviously as we talked about before, we had to take pricing on the line. And that’s been a challenge, too, under this environment. But we really need to just sort through how to get people back into looking at the convenience and flavor features of the items. And I guess our knowledge is that we’re really not alone in this.  It seems like most of the competitors, we – competitive information we see out there would indicate that others in these microwaveable or even frozen convenience meals are seeing this at least short term decline, away from their categories as consumers react at least to the first stage of our recessionary environment.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  And to continue on that theme, could you talk about how consumers are purchasing protein in your refrigerated space from kind of your fully cooked entrees all the way down? What trades are they making there?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Really the biggest trades we’re seeing in refrigerated world would be obviously food service has seen a shift in volumes to the non-commercial side from some other commercial operators and obviously just a downturn period. Our numbers for the year in volumes were flat. That’s a unit that historically has grown at an upper single digit range for us. We think they’re still holding their own in terms of share in categories and they’re doing a great job of innovating and seeing good growth still in the Café H’s and Austin Blues and Natural Choice and those types of items and so we’re obviously pushing those right now. We’re also seeing some migration, kind of out of the service deli, particularly when you look at the turkey side of the business. That’s part of why turkey breast meat is backing up on an industry basis and we have observed that in our business. In the service case, you pay for that service. So as that’s all ready, a much higher ring item per pound than some of the equivalent items in a prepackaged form. And we’ve obviously been in a position where pricing had to go up with all the cost inputs going up as far as they have, and so that’s in some cases widened that gap even more. And so there has been some migration away from that.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  And my final question is you expect commodity costs to be up in your turkey division in the fiscal first half. Is that reflecting grain hedges or how grain flows through the turkeys? Could you share some detail on that front?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Sure, Farha, it’s really a little bit of both. We clearly will have that expectation for the first quarter in terms of just sheer cost impacts and the flow through of costs. And then we should start seeing some improvement in the second quarter but we don’t have an exact count yet as to what that measure will be. And then although we don’t articulate exact hedge positions, we have stated in the past that our policy would put us anywhere between 25 and 75% hedged on grain. And we do acknowledge that we have hedge positions in place right now that are above the current market and so that would factor into our overall guidance for that segment as well.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  Jeff I just wanted to talk maybe about grocery, because when I think about looking out, you know, trim costs have come down a lot, we should be seeing a greater supply of manufacturing beef because of imports. And your mix does lend itself to economic weakness. So I’m curious, you know, what is the offset? Are we seeing more private label competition? Is it more difficult to price? Kind of what’s offsetting the benefits we see looking out?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Well, for starters, Christina, we have a pretty solid expectation for grocery products in 2009. We do feel that they have on trend items that should benefit from both the consumer interests and from some other cost factors you mentioned. During this last quarter, I mean you mentioned trim costs for example. I mean, there was a very significant spike in trim costs that hurt not only their part of the business but [burk] and some of the other areas where we use trim and raw materials for the meat items as well, that has settled way back down.  And so that’s clearly in the rear view mirror now. And so we have solid expectations for the unit going forward. They ended up generating a full year increase in segment profit of about 5%. That’s a couple years in a row they’ve hit at that level. And our expectation is they should be able to deliver in the high single-digit level, which is kind of the typical norm of the packaged food competitive set.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  And in terms of private label competition, have you seen that heat up at all?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  We’ve seen it in some categories. It’s more significant than ever in salsa and it’s been more significant in chunk chicken and chunk meat items. So it varies by segment. It clearly has not harmed us at all in terms of some of our bellwether franchises like Dinty Moore Stew or Spam Luncheon Meat or Hormel Chili or Mary Kitchen Hash and they’re all very solidly up for the year and continued to have momentum all the way through the end of the year. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  And then looking at Jennie-O, when you last gave us guidance it seems that there have been really aggressive [cuts] in turkey excess and corn has come down and I guess you just talked about some of your hedges. But are you maybe more optimistic than you were? Or has something else come in on the negative side?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  I guess I’m about the same. It just takes a while to turn that ship around in that industry and so we felt even as of last conference call that it was not going to be early in the year that we saw immediate improvement. But in the long run those macro factors you mentioned should be favorable to turkey. We should see strengthening in price, as the cut backs roll through the various systems in the industry, and we should see improvement on the grain side. Now the only outlook that’s hard to know right now would be are today’s grain markets going to hold?  Corn has been tracking very closely with oil for the past 18 to 24 months. At some point, it’s own supply and demand equation may well kick in and we still do have the added challenge in this industry that Ethanol today uses over 30% of the corn crop and has mandates in place to continue to use an even greater percentage of it. And that’s something we’re mindful of and watching out for going forward. But overall I guess my outlook is still about the same, which is we should be in better position with that business in the second half and heading into 2010.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  I was curious if there’s an impact from country of origin labeling on your business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  There’s no financial impact. We clearly as anyone else has to in the industry are prepared to handle it. For us it’s a customer specific item that we’re prepared to have either products of the U.S. only or products of a mix of the U.S. and Canada. Being in the upper Midwest and not owning our own farms, we deal with the family farms in the region and historically they have brought in baby pigs to raise in their systems and finish in the country, and those are considered then a mixed origin product.  And so we offer our customers either products that segregate with only products from the U.S. or the mixed origin product. And realistically, the latter is going to be a more price competitive item for them. It’s – any time you do a special segregation, whether it’s for organic or natural, you name it, you’re adding some cost to the system. That’s what the government has chosen to do and so we’re in a position to be able to respond to it and handle it, but we don’t see it having an impact on us economically.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.:  Just want to continue on with Jennie-O just a little bit. With the feed prices down and assuming they stay at this level, when do you think turkey prices would catch up with your input costs?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Probably in the later spring to early summer; I mean, it’s just really – the one I’m more hedged on to be honest with you is the price side. I mean, the cost inputs as we’ve talked about are kind of a flow through and you see them coming. It’s just harder to read. There’s a fairly significant backup in cold storage. Meat’s just not moving right now. This is the time of year where breast meat does move very readily. And so we’ll certainly have a recovered supply demand outlook, even by spring, but how long will it take to clear some of the prior product? That’s the question to me. So I guess my best outlook would be late spring or early summer.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.:  And then in your grocer product segment, in the past say four to six weeks have you seen any significant change in either consumer buying, consumer behavior or competitive behavior? Either pricing or innovation or anything like that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Nothing that we didn’t talk about in the release or the script that really was a phenomenon for really the whole quarter. The shift away from microwave a little bit toward for us the canned items, but more the family oriented item. Otherwise no, there’s nothing that’s been going on just in the last few weeks that I could point to.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets:  First just a question coming back to repurchase for Jody, is there anything in your guidance that you’re taking off of share repurchase this year?
Jody H. Feragen:  Not significantly. No.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets:  Jeff, could you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing out of Farmer John? You made a couple of comments on the processing side, but what you’re seeing at retail and what kind of your tactical opportunities are here in the year ahead?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  I’m seeing improvement but a business that still has a long way to go. They’ve done a very nice job of improving the presence of the brand in the marketplace. It is the share leader and we’re starting to build our shelf position to be more equivalent to what we deserve for the kind of share we have in the marketplace. I think their both trade and consumer promotion efforts have been really quite strong.  They’ve done a nice job in the last couple of years building their food service franchise and they have some excellent customers in that area. So we’re nowhere near the kind of positive EVA return we want to have on the investment we made in that company, but we’re headed the right direction and we think they’re doing the right things to get us there.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets:  Finally for me, anything in this environment that you’re planning on doing on the cost take-out side?
Jody H. Feragen:  Well, I can tell you that. Certainly with these challenging economic times, even the amount that we’ve invested in some of our working capital we’re asking everyone to really focus on getting our working capitals back in line as well as any discretionary expenses. Any capital expenditures that we can potentially wait on, we’re taking looks at all those things. So I think just like the consumers are today, we take that stance with the company.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Chris Blitzer] – Barclays Capital.
Chris Blitzer – Barclays Capital:  I know in Compleats it sounds like you’re saying the ConAgra entrance or Del Monte competition there is maybe not such a big deal as the broader economic environment, but I was wondering how much of an effect do you think you’re seeing in that category from more promotional pricing behavior in the frozen entrees category? Or is it really that there’s little cannibalization of shelf stable [by] frozen?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  I mean if anything we’ve kind of felt we’ve benefited the other way around. I mean, that clearly has been somewhat of a source of volume for us as to source away from frozen, because the product offers especially in an office environment so many benefits in terms of where you store it, how long it takes to heat up, the consistency at heating, etc. So no we really haven’t seen the opposite occur. It seems to be more decisions that consumers are making about how many of the items to purchase at a given time and their value perception within our part of the shelf.
Chris Blitzer – Barclays Capital:  And then if I’m just thinking about other categories where you compete and kind of the deflationary grain and energy environment that we’ve seen more recently, it seems like there are – there could be some categories where there’s kind of misalignment in resolve to keep in place pricing. Are there any categories that are more specific to Hormel that are kind of watch points for you?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  In terms of deflation you’re saying?
Chris Blitzer – Barclays Capital:  In terms of competitors becoming more aggressive on pricing because of the deflationary grain and energy environment.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Well I mean, you know, our business with our balance model we kind of live in two worlds and so within the grocery arena we’ve really been gauging our pricing to try to maintain margins within the categories. We’ve not pushed them. We’re not trying to widen our margins or enhance our overall profitability on pricing. And so that’ll continue going forward on the grocery side.  On the meat side, you’ve got a combination of there’s some items that kind of move with markets no matter what environment you’re in. The ham and bacon world, within those arenas, fresh pork really move on a market basis and are going to be much more based on supply and demand of that raw material than they are overall energy costs or anything else. And then secondly, for whatever ability the packaged food side has had in getting pricing to match the cost, I mean I think it’s very clear that the protein side of the business has had a heck of a time given our supply and demand situation to be in the same boat.  And so when we – that’s something we explain to our customers when we go in and are still seeking pricing on certain items is we can just point to the results of not only us, but really all the other major players within the protein segment, that the supply and demand equation of our meat complex does not allow us to take the pricing that’s to fully cover our costs. And so we’re still a little bit in the catch up mode here. And I think we’ll continue to be in it through the early part of ’09.
Chris Blitzer – Barclays Capital: And then in looking at the balance sheet and the priority for uses of cash, it would seem to me that there’s probably no shortage of cheap protein assets that are out there that maybe could be tempting for a manufacturer with a pretty clean balance sheet. I don’t suspect that you’re too eager to move into a more commodity oriented direction, but I guess I was curious that if there’s an opportunity to leverage Jennie-O into chicken in a more value added way and whether that brand has been tested as a sort of as a chicken brand with consumers?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Chris we haven’t really tested that brand as a chicken brand. We do have items, meal based items within our portfolio that we utilize chicken and we see that as a potential area of expansion. But we really are not interested in getting into any verticality in the chicken segment. We recognize we couldn’t – that would be a huge change to our company to be a big player in chicken. And it’s a very volatile business. It doesn’t really meet the kind of long term steady growth that we want to deliver to our shareholders.  So you should see more products with chicken from us in various parts of our business, potentially including Jennie-O. They do have a deli item, for example, that’s a chicken based item under the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand that has sold well for a number of years. But I don’t see us getting into the kind of businesses I think you’re referring to.
Chris Blitzer – Barclays Capital: The only potential asset purchases on that front would be more to fulfill internal requirements rather than to sell commodity based product.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Yes. That’s correct.
Chris Blitzer – Barclays Capital: And then also on the chicken front, if we do see more permanent capacity elimination there, is that historically – I mean, I guess there’s not a lot of historical precedent but would you expect that to be a positive for turkey pricing?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Yes, I mean it’s not a – the influence tends to be more on the export side. I mean, when you get into the retail grocery store, chicken is a major feature item all the time where as turkey’s really more are the niche item. And so there’s less direct relationship there. But it certainly is more favorable than not in terms of not – it’s never good in our industry to have a particular glutton in any particular [area] of protein.
Chris Blitzer – Barclays Capital: In keeping with the challenge protein theme, are you seeing right now just anecdotally anyway any hog producers that are kind of close to any of the chicken guys where they’re experiencing or maybe facing bankruptcy in fairly short order?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  No, we keep in close contact with our grower network. Clearly these are much more challenging economic times for them than what they enjoyed during the early part of this decade. A number of the better run operations really built up some fairly significant equity in their operations during the three to four year run that was more positive. Clearly the current term reduction in grain costs has been favorable to them and gives them a more positive outlook heading forward. But no; could you have on a case by case basis, yes. And that’s something we would watch out for but there’s nothing rampant going on that we see in our network.
Chris Blitzer – Barclays Capital: You had mentioned I think being exposed on hedges above current market prices and I was just wondering if you could quantify any mark to market losses that you had in the quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  In the quarter, um –
Jody H. Feragen:  You know, we use hedge accounting. So we don’t mark to market through our P&L.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Soc Chay] – KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Soc Chay – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  I want to just focus a little bit on the refrigerated foods here. Have you – I mean, I don’t know if you’ve stated in giving your guidance do you expect profits in refrigerated foods to be down next year or flat or what are you modeling? Are you willing to say that at this point?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  I expect modest growth on a full year basis out of refrigerated foods. They could have more challenges given the comps I referred to earlier in generating a positive segment profit in the first half of the year, but if you look at the full year that’s our expectation.
Soc Chay – KeyBanc Capital Markets: The reason I asked that is because I was running some numbers, and I know you’re not comfortable giving out a projection for hog costs, but I just wanted to run some numbers by you because what I’m trying to get at is, you know, I think you alluded to about a 3% reduction in supplies what you think generally is going to happen with pork next year. So I’m trying to look at what it’s going to take for you guys on the pork – on the cutout to get to let’s say flat year-over-year profits. Right?  So that would imply that on my numbers, you would have to get almost a 16% increase in the pork cutout price next fiscal year for you to have similar profit per pound going forward. So the way I’m doing that math is I’m looking at futures which point over at a $54 live price in your fiscal year ’09, and I’m assuming that the drop value stays the same as this year. But I’m just trying to understand.  Can you give us some guidance on what you’re assuming for pricing because that’s really what I’m getting to is, you know, you’re talking about a 3% reduction in supplies which could be debated whether that’s going to happen given what’s going on on the liquidation front right now, but assuming that happens, what kind of a pricing increase do you need on the pork cutout to be able to get to flat year-over-year EBID for refrigerator foods?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  I really would have a hard time responding to a detailed modeling question on the fly here, and some of that information we really don’t disclose on a regular basis. The other thing I guess I would point to, though, when you look at refrigerated foods is for us it really all comes back to that we’re building branded food franchises and so yes, there’s an element of the results of refrigerated food are going to be affected by the pork part of the business, both in terms of the supply and the fresh meat values.  But we also have to factor in our food service business, our meat products business, our branded items, the advertising we do on those items and so forth. So really the best I can do is refer you back to what we just talked about in terms of our expectations for the business overall. It’s been a wonderful, growing business for us.  They’re coming off of a fantastic year in 2008. They had particularly strong results in the first half of ’08 that we’ve talked about are going to be hard to match again, but overall I would expect modest growth out of them in ’09 and then after that frankly have them come back to what our historical, long term guidelines of our 5% revenue growth and 10% earnings growth as you head into future years.
Soc Chay – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just focusing on the supply side, so you’re – am I right in understanding that you think there’s going to be a 3% reduction in overall pork supplies in ’09?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Yes. That’s what we’re factoring into our numbers for our fiscal year. I mean, you may time it differently if you look at other companies on other fiscal years, but that’s our best shot at it right now.
Soc Chay – KeyBanc Capital Markets: So what does that imply in terms of – that’s got to be more than a 3% reduction in the herd, right? Because you continue to see positive productivity numbers, so I would assume that you’re thinking that the herd numbers are going to come down significantly.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Actually maybe you can contact me after the call and I can give you a little bit more of that detail. Do you have another question?
Soc Chay – KeyBanc Capital Markets: No, that’s it. I’ll follow up later on.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [John McMillen – Lord Abbott].
John McMillen – Lord Abbott:  Now these hedges, I mean historically you never hedged chicken feed – turkey feed costs did you? When did that change?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  We started getting involved in hedging about four years ago.
John McMillen – Lord Abbott:  So this is not something you just picked up and picked the wrong time to do it. Okay.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  That’s correct. In fact, it was very beneficial in 2008.
John McMillen – Lord Abbott: And basically these hedges last through how long did you say?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Well really in grain I mean the most you can hedge out at any given time is 18 to 24 months. What we’re talking about right now is 2009.
Kevin Jones:  Operator, how many more calls are in queue?
Operator:  There appear to be no further questions. Please go ahead with any points you wish to make, sir.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger:  Okay. Thank you for joining us today and have a happy Thanksgiving everyone.
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect your line now.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-08-21 22:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Jones – Director of IR Jeff Ettinger – Chairman, President & CEO Jody Feragen – SVP & CFO
Analysts: Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc. Bill Chappell – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co. Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company Chris Pritzel [ph] – Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods third quarter earnings conference call. During today’s presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be opened for questions. (Operator instructions) This conference call is being recorded today, Thursday, August, 21st of 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Jones, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin Jones: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2008. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6.30 AM Central Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jody Feragen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results and an outlook for the remainder of fiscal year 2008. Then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be opened for questions following Jody’s remarks. And audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 AM Central Time today, August 21, 2008. The dial-in number is 800-405-2236 and the access code is 11118122. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the Company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 25 through 30 in the Company's 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 27, 2008 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Ettinger: Good morning everyone. We continue to generate strong top line growth at Hormel Foods as all five of our operating segments delivered both volume and dollar sales gains during the quarter. Overall, sales for the quarter reached $1.68 billion, up 10% from the prior year and up 8% excluding acquisitions. As indicated in our preannouncement on August 8th, our bottom line results were less satisfying. Our earnings per share for the quarter were $0.38 compared to $0.41 last year, a decrease of 7%. Feed and fuels costs continue to rise during the quarter, squeezing profitability at our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment. In addition, after generating strong double digits earnings growth for the first half of the year, our Refrigerated Foods segment ended Q3 with relatively flat segment profits versus year ago. Finally, Q3 earnings were also impacted by an $8 million decline in investment income. I will now take you through each segment. The Grocery Products segment had another excellent quarter reporting 10% dollar sales and 11% operating profit growth. Sales of our Hormel and Stagg chili products registered strong double-digit gains during the quarter as a result of improved retail promotional program and gains over competitive brands. Our Dinty Moore stews also performed very well with strong double-digit sales growth aided by the sales of the Big Bowl microwave product and a solid consumer market and in-store effort. Sales of our SPAM family of products and Hormel Compleats microwave meals also helped drive results for Grocery Products in Q3. In Refrigerated Foods, operating profit decreased by 1% while dollar sales were up 8%, up 4% excluding acquisition. The delivery of solid margins in fresh pork and pricing taken by our Meat Products and Foodservice Divisions were insufficient to overcome some sharp increases in meat cost experienced by those divisions during the quarter. Rapidly increasing demand in export markets helped drive those higher pork cost. Retail products with particularly strong sales growth included Di Lusso deli products, Hormel Pepperoni, and Hormel Refrigerated Entrees, all of which posted double-digit sales increases compared to a year ago. Our Foodservice Division, within Refrigerated Foods continued to see softness in the casual dining segment, offset in part by increased sales in other channels. Jennie-O Turkey Store sales dollars were up 11% reflecting a combination of price increases and volume gain. Operating profit was down 61% for the quarter. Increased feed and fuel input costs pressured margins throughout the business. An excess supply of commodity turkey breast meat also kept pricing at a low level, exacerbating the cost-price differential. While the Jennie-O Turkey Store team continued to implement price increases across the retail, foodservice, and deli divisions, these increases were not adequate to offset the approximately $53 million increase in feed and fuel input costs incurred during the quarter. Jennie-O Turkey Store was not without its bright spots for the quarter. In particular, sales of Jennie-O Turkey Store burger, retail tray pack products and marinated tenderloins all registered double-digit sales gains during the quarter. The Specialty Foods segment had a strong quarter with dollar sales up 14% and operating profit up 205. Each of the three business units in this segment reported higher net sales and operating profits for the quarter. The Specialty Products business unit experienced higher contract manufacturing volume, while Century Foods International significantly expanded its sales of ready-to-drink products as well as generating increased sales of ingredients and nutritional powders. We made a small acquisition during the quarter, which will become part of the Diamond Crystal business unit. This Company, doing business as Boca Grande Foods, is a small liquid packet manufacture. This acquisition will add approximately $22 million per year in sales to the Specialty Foods segment and provides Diamond Crystal with additional capacity and customer for liquid portion products. In the All Other segment our international business team delivered another excellent quarter with sales up 33% and operating profit up 19%. Strong export sales of the SPAM family of products and fresh pork were the key drivers, more than offsetting a decline in equity in earnings primarily related to the weaker Philippine peso and decreased royalty income. In terms of our outlook going forward, as stated in our preannouncement on August 8th, 2008, and again in our earnings release this morning, we have adjusted our full year guidance to $2.22 to $2.28 per share. This is still solidly above our GAAP results last year of $2.17 per share, $2.14 excluding the sale of assets in the fourth quarter of 2007, though this level is admittedly not at our targeted level of earnings growth. It is our view that the longer term outlook is favorable for improvement in the turkey complex. Grain prices have moderated in recent weeks and the industry would certainly benefit from a leveling out of feed cost after two years of dramatic increases. Similarly, we believe there will be a reduction in the amount of turkey meat on the market in 2009 in light of our previously announced 5% production cut and those we anticipate from others in the industry based on macro conditions. It is important to note, however, that the benefit of lower grain cost and the production cut may not be fully realized in our Jennie-O Turkey Store operating results until the spring of next year. On the grain side we still need to cycle through turkeys with feed cost higher than today’s level and to finish the task of getting pricing up to these levels. On the commodity meat side, our cutback will not impact pounds until November and it will likely take the traditional pickup in demand in the spring to finish working down the existing meat inventories. All told, the combination of these turkey industry conditions, and expected volatility in the pork complex will likely present continued challenges to our business in the early part of fiscal 2009. We believe we should see a return to more historical earnings growth for the latter part of 2009 and beyond. In the mean time, we remain focused on growing the business by increasing our brand strength, continuing to enjoy success in new product innovation, and building upon our market share position in key categories. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning everyone. Earnings for the fiscal 2008 third quarter totaled $51.9 million or $0.38 per share compared to $57.4 million or $0.41 a share a year ago. Earnings for the nine months of fiscal 2008 totaled $217.7 million or $1.58 a share compared to $200.7 million or $1.44 a share a year ago. Dollar sales for the third quarter totaled $1.7 billion compared to $1.5 billion last year, a 10% increase, as Jeff mentioned. Acquisitions added about $38 million to the top line in the third quarter. For the first three quarters of 2008, dollar sales increased 8% to $4.9 billion. Acquisitions added $106 million to the top line in the first nine months. Volume for the third quarter was 1.1 billion pounds, up 7% from 2007. Acquisitions added 24 million pounds to the quarter. Volume for the first three quarters of the year was 3.5 billion, up 6% from fiscal 2007. Acquisitions added about 73 million pounds in the first nine months of 2008. Selling and delivery expenses in the third quarter were 12.2% of sales this year compared with 12.4% last year. Year-to-date, the expenses were 12.7% of sales compared to 12.8% last year. We expect selling and delivery expenses to be above last year’s level for the remainder of the year due to higher freight and warehousing costs as well as increased marketing expenses. Advertising expenses were 1.5% of sales for the quarter compared to 1.6% last year, and year-to-date the expenses were 1.6% of sales compared to 1.7% in fiscal 2007. Advertising expenditures for the full year are expected to exceed those of fiscal 2007 as we continue media (inaudible) campaigns on several product lines. Administrative and general expense was 2.8% of sales for the quarter and year-to-date compared with 2.7% for last year’s quarter and year-to-date. We expect administrative and general expenses to remain at their current levels for the remainder of this year. The decline in investment income was attributable primarily to performance of our rabbi trust assets. This decline reflects the overall challenging investment environment. Interest expense for the quarter was $7.5 million compared to $6.6 million last year and year-to-date interest expense is $20.6 million compared to $20 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $27 million for the full year. Our total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million and we ended with $75 million outstanding on our short-term line of credit related primarily to working capital needs. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31 million, which is even with last year. For the first nine months of the year depreciation and amortization was $95 million compared to $94 million last year. We expect the full year depreciation and amortization to be about $125 million to $130 million. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 35.2% versus 36.5% in fiscal 2007. The year-to-date effective tax rate is 36.1% compared to 36.2% last year. For the full year we expect the effective tax rate to be between 36% and 36.5%. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $28 million compared to $27 million last year. For the first nine months of the year, capital expenditures totaled $96 million compared with $97 million last year. For the full year we have lowered our expected capital expenditures to be about $125 million to $135 million. Construction of our new microwave plant in Dubuque, Iowa is progressing on schedule. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was 135 million and for the first nine months of 2008 was 136 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter and the first nine months of the year were 137 million. We repurchased 951,000 shares of common stock during the third quarter at an average price of $36.34. We have 2.6 million shares remaining to be repurchased from the 10-million share authorization in place. We processed 2.3 million hogs in the quarter, about even with last year, and for the first nine months of the year we processed 7.1 million hogs compared to 7 million last year. The actual live hog cost in the third quarter was $57 per live 100 weight, at the top end of the forecasted market we provided on our second quarter conference call. This compared with an average live price of $55 in the same period a year ago. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the operator for question and answers. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Hey, turning up with a big picture question, I want to ask you yours – your operating margin has been around 7.5% to 8%. Kind of looking out just do you anticipate that margin to change at all via acquisitions or innovation? Is there a particular goal that you have for that number? 
Jeff Ettinger: We have talked in the past about trying to move operating margins to sort of the 25 basis point range on an annual basis. obviously though that is subject to fluctuations depending on what we are confronting in any given year, and so we – in certain divisions we are clearly not doing that right now. We do believe there is that kind of an opportunity for advancement within Grocery Products, in particular. We talked before about trying to get back up on a long-range basis into the more 18% in that group. We think Refrigerated over time has an opportunity to be delivering margins that are above what – the last three or four year tracking range has been. And we continue to expect overall it’s – what we are driving for is kind of the 10% segment profit growth from each area with one exception to that being the international group where in the long run we would expect it to be able to grow at a longer – faster rate.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Okay, that’s helpful. And then could you share with us your thoughts on the hog market currently? Do you anticipate that the hog herd in the U.S. will contract going forward and if so when?
Jody Feragen: That’s a tough one to call for. Things have certainly changed a lot since the last quarter that we have been on with the run – decline in the grain markets, and it seems the ever demand from our exports. The big question I guess that we are facing is what is going to happen with the export market year-over-year and I think USTA is calling 2009 to be stronger than this year. That obviously will depend on availability of product sales through in the world as well as what the U.S. seller does. I would expect that for our fourth quarter we will see hog prices higher than a year ago.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: So you are looking for it to be higher than a year ago. Would you venture to guess a range?
Jody Feragen: You noticed I didn’t provide one this time.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Yeah, exactly.
Jody Feragen: I would probably say in the $58 to $62 range on a live 100 basis. That’s the way we look at it.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Okay, that’s helpful. And then my final question is on your margins in the pork products or the Refrigerated Foods area. Those margins were pressured more than I had anticipated especially given that fresh pork is doing so well. Could you just explain to us how pricing in that segment works for Hormel?
Jeff Ettinger: Really, Farha, there were two things operating in the Refrigerated Food results that ended up having them be down flat to slightly down for the quarter, which was below what our expectations had been. We had said we really didn’t expect them to keep moving along at a 20% plus clip in earnings growth like they did in the first half but we had expected at least for a solid single digit growth. The first thing that occurred was we really got off to a difficult start in terms of the hog markets and I think even when we were on the call the last time we were already three weeks into the quarter and we had seen that early spike in the market in terms of the live hog cost. And so any time there is a quick run up like that an unanticipated early run up like that, that did end up pressuring overall margin performance for the unit. There was – it did abate somewhat in June and then kind of ended up a little higher in July when all told we were at – as Jody had mentioned, at the upper end of what we had predicted for hogs. But that first period got us off to tough start in the quarter. Secondly, this whole picture with export demand seems to be causing some distortions in value within certain of the raw materials. You have certain items like hams that were anywhere from 15% to 30% above the five-year average during the quarter. Trim [ph] values were again 15% to 20% higher than normal. And these are items that we use in a big way to convert into value-added products. And so when those ran up as quickly as they did and really to levels that we hadn’t anticipated, we did not have full pricing in place to cover down those run ups.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: And are they in place right now?
Jeff Ettinger: We feel we are in a better position in the fourth quarter to be able to recover against those kind of the – the market we are seeing – and the markets are still quite high as we sit here in August for a couple of these raw materials. But they are starting to drop and given some of the hog number expectations we have we would expect the continuation of getting down to more normal levels.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Okay, thank you. I will pass it on. Okay, thanks Farha.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bill Chappell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Bill Chappell – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi Bill.
Bill Chappell – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: I guess on the turkey side, where do we need prices to be to kind of get back to the normalized margins? And do you think you can get there as you work through the – through the spring kind of inventory into the back half of next year?
Jeff Ettinger: I think we indicated last quarter that we are now in a position I think probably not different from others in the industry where breakevens on cost against the breast meat component is certainly north of $2, it’s $2.10, $2.20 in that range. And so – that was another element of the Jennie-O’s story the quarter. We knew it was going to be a difficult quarter but we really hadn’t expect breast meat to just sit there at $1.74 the entire quarter. We had anticipated a run up over the $2 range and getting close to breakeven on that. Typically, the strong time of the year is going to summer or potentially early fall and we haven’t been seeing that run up this year. And so that was kind of what I was getting at in the comments it’s the timing of when we would expect a recovery. If production cuts come through at kind of levels we would anticipate seeing, then we would think that next year when you get into the stronger season, we should see values that will – that would recover cost and potentially provide some commodity margin. You know our focus is always on value-added products and we have very strong branded position. And so we kind of look – as long the commodity side of the business is not being detrimental to our results, we are satisfied with that, but that was not the picture obviously during this quarter and it won't be next quarter either.
Bill Chappell – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: But just to make sure I understand I mean your thought of why the prices didn’t rise during the quarter had more to do with just inventory out there or was it production cuts kind of slower than you expected to happen?
Jeff Ettinger: Well, we really frankly didn’t production cuts in this summer. I may take a certain amount – we announced ours in May and we said at that stage, I mean it takes 22 weeks basically to cycle in and so we wouldn’t start seeing those reduced numbers in our facilities until November and we hadn’t heard of any others at that stage. So we really didn’t expect cuts to take effect in the summer. What has happened is it’s just been a robust year in terms of meat availability, the bird health has been good, livability in the industry have been strong, weights have been up. And so those kind of things have increased total meat supply by a couple of percent that’s been enough to hold the value down. And it just so happens okay those are down. Last year in August breast meat values were in the $2.80s, the year before in the $2.90s, this year $1.74, and obviously we are in a much different cost scenario right now than we were in those years too. So, it’s really the combination of having the commodity meat not be worth what we had expected and the added cost that have caused the squeeze going on at Jennie-O.
Bill Chappell – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And then just one last kind of for your full year guidance or your fourth quarter expectations, are you assuming the rabbi trust post a similar type performance as it did in the July quarter?
Jody Feragen: We traditionally just assumed flat for that and that’s what we are looking at for the fourth quarter.
Bill Chappell – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, Christina.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Jeff, just following on Farha’s question, in Refrigerated, if we look at year-over-year operating profit performance, it seems you now have more pricing in place and you commented that you think pricing is coming down. Do you think that we should see a better performance year-over-year in the fourth quarter and then how does that look as we head into next year?
Jeff Ettinger: Oh, Christina, I don’t have an outlook for you at this time for ’09 but I – but in terms of Q4 my expectation right now is that we should see a better quarter from Refrigerated Foods. We should see some growth there. I don’t – again, don’t expect high double digit growth that we were generating in the early part of the year, but I do expect that they will be able to have a positive quarter in Q4.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then on the retail side (inaudible) I don’t think there was any pricing on the top line and I remember that you had implemented a price increase earlier this year, so I am curious why that didn’t show through.
Jeff Ettinger: When you say – what are you referring to when you say the retail side?
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: I am sorry, on – in Grocery Products.
Jeff Ettinger: Within Grocery?
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Grocery, yeah.
Jeff Ettinger: Well there it’s really an item-by-item basis. There were some items within the portfolio that we did take pricing and did show through. SPAM and Compleats would be two in particular. We didn’t do it on every item in the portfolio. So net-net, yeah, it ended up with the volume and the net sales were both similar, both up on a strong basis.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: So, the pricing that you implemented did flow through, it wasn’t dealt [ph] back, it’s just – it just netted out with the different products, that’s what you are saying?
Jeff Ettinger: Yes, and the other thing that goes on when you look at a total division is the mix. I mean you end up – we had very strong quarters for, chili for example, which are excellent franchises for us, but on a dollar sales basis they are not as high as some of the other items within the mix. So that can create a little bit of a distortion too, but – our tracking would show that we are not – we have not been dealing effect [ph].
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just sticking on Grocery, the run up in port prices will that impact some of those products that produced now for the winter? Would that kind of have a lag in the Grocery segment in terms of profitability later on in the calendar year?
Jeff Ettinger: It’s – margins as we produce products today are being squeezed somewhat on the pork-based products, SPAM and Bacon Bits, for example. We think we have got strong enough volume momentum in those areas that we are still going to be in good shape to deliver a strong quarter though for overall Grocery Products and of course we have a lot of items within Grocery that are not affected by pork cost.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, Jody, last question, on the CapEx, how much of the Iowa plant is – how much of that expenditure is in ’08 versus ’09?
Jody Feragen: The majority of it’s going to be in 2009, but we do have some sealing stuff being delivered as we (inaudible) about less than a third 25 million.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And with your reduction in CapEx shall we consider that just a shift or an overall reduction?
Jody Feragen: It’s more of a shift.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi Diane.
Jody Feragen: Good morning.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Hi. I have a question on the advertising. I think you said that it was 1.5% of sales. Will that be down on a year-over-year basis then versus--?
Jeff Ettinger: On a percentage basis it probably is. In total dollars our expectation is going to be up. I mean when you factor in the various price increases going on in certain segments that we had – we weren’t pricing up our advertising expenditure to match the price increases. And so that would distort that number.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Okay. Because I have it down on an absolute basis in the third quarter and I remember from the last quarter you talked about some marketing initiatives you had around the complete swine and I just wondered was there a shift in the spend between the third quarter and fourth quarter or have you curtailed the advertising behind that pending rollout of the new plant next year or -- could you help me out there?
Jody Feragen: I am showing that advertising expenses are up year-over-year on an absolute dollar basis.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: On an absolute basis.
Jody Feragen: Yeah, yeah.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: On an absolute basis. Okay. Perfect.
Jody Feragen: It is down on a percentage because as Jeff had indicated as we take sales price increases we have kind of already planned our advertising for the year. So-- 
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Sure. 
Jeff Ettinger: We do have several brand being full featured in advertising both in Q3 and Q4. We have a Hormel program that features Compleats, the Refrigerated entrees, the Natural Choice. We have a very successful SPAM campaign. We have had the first Dinty Moore campaign in several years. And so – and we have a Chi-Chi's campaign going on right now.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Okay. Terrific. And then on the – on -- just to get back on the Turkey segment, the fourth quarter is usually your largest quarter given the seasonality I guess between the first quarter and the fourth quarter. Those are generally your larger quarters. Can you just – you know it sounds like a lot of what’s going on with the Jennie-O would be on the either the deli side or the breast meat side. Can you talk a little bit about the wholebird? Obviously that’s sold in early with the run up in cost can you give us some help there?
Jeff Ettinger: Sure. Yeah, there are situations with the wholebirds where we are not achieving full margin recovery both in terms of pre-booking and cost and just in terms of the – even though some of the values are at a high quoted level. I mean the cost have gone up significantly. I mean I guess the best picture I can give you overall is that we are – our expectation in terms of the – you are right about quarter-to-quarter in terms of total dollar delivery. Our fourth quarter will be significantly higher than the third but on a year-over-year basis we are looking at the same kind of 50% decline potentially on a year-over-year basis in Jennie-O Turkey Store, but that is built into our annual – new annual guidance range that we provided.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Okay. Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia Securities. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: Good morning. thank you.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi John.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: Hi Jeff. I wanted to dig into your Refrigerated Foods segment, let’s think you had a mix shift out at Foodservice, is that just related to what’s going on in the macro environment and is there a margin shift in when Foodservice grows or contracts while the rest of the business grows?
Jeff Ettinger:  Let’s answer the second question first; it’s really not a significant margin shift. I think we have talked in the past where it is sometimes focusing – the Foodservice sales are on an inferior sale to the grocery sales and we have always given the focus we have placed on Foodservice, our expectations are really quite similar in terms of returns from both segments. So, that one in and of itself causes a shift. We clearly are seeing some effects in terms of the economy within the Foodservice segment, the casual dining aspect that I sighted in my earlier comments would be one area where we have enjoyed sales in the past where you can definitely see some softness in some of the customers we are selling to. We have seen some offset in the non-commercial side of the Foodservice business. The institutional feed providers are seeing actually increases in business because they are kind of an efficient way of delivering meals to folks and we do a good job in selling into that segment.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: Thinking back over the past couple of years, I remember Café H was a big push for you guys and you had a lot of success getting products on menus, have you sort of ramped back your investment again in Foodservice given a tougher environment?
Jeff Ettinger:  Not at all. I think those kind of innovative solution based items are still doing well. Café H was a single-digit gainer during the quarter, Austin Blues was always a double-digit gainer, we continued to do all of our Bread Ready franchise. Where you are seeing a little more of the softness would be in kind of more of the traditional products, the bacon, ham and so forth where there is an element of competition and an element of consumers potentially just not frequenting some of those establishments is much where those items are sold. 
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: Great. I know it’s a regular question for you folks but Jody is there any update about – clearly there is a high cash retention rate here and a very strong balance sheet, I mean is the primary use of cash here your acquisitions still or has anything changed about your outlook there?
Jody Feragen:  Our focus still remains on investing in our businesses and certainly we are doing that in a big way with the initiative on the new plants. We also continue to look at acquisitions and we are only able to get a small one done this quarter. Then we will look at returning to shareholders and we had some more progress on our share repurchase and we continued to pay out the nice dividends. 
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: Could you clarify Jody the constraints on your ability to repurchase shares, there is some limitations, could you just refresh my memory about that, about the foundation or something?
Jody Feragen:  Right now, I have a 10 million share authorization approved by our board of directors of which I have about 2.6 million shares left and that is my constraint right now.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: Okay, thank you.
Jeff Ettinger:  Thanks John.
Operator:  Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse:  Hi, thank you. Just kind of a broader question, one of the competitive strengths I have also attributed to Hormel is your value-added capabilities in Refrigerated. Have you seen any kind of cash up from your competition on what they are doing in value added and whether they are getting more adept or do you think that there is still a big gap there in what you could do? Then secondly, I remember at your Analysts’ Day there was an interesting Foodservice initiative you had in the DELI counter, I think you were branding some DELIs at a major customer under the DiLUSSO name, can you tell us how that tested and whether it could be expanded? Thanks.
Jeff Ettinger:  Okay. On the first question in terms of our value-added capabilities, we have really always looked at frankly the competitive setting being sort of in two categories. I mean there are other players that are sort of full protein companies like we have that element of our portfolio, those are some of the companies that have been working to migrate more into some of the value-added categories and they have had certainly some areas where they have been successful in doing that and some areas where it has been more of a challenge for them. The second area of competitors would be the ones that really are focused almost solely on those kind of items, the Sara Lees, the Oscar Meyers, the Boar’s Heads and (inaudible) folks in the marketplace in various categories on a regular basis as well. We are having good success in creating innovative items that build over time. We are enjoying excellent top line growth in our protein-based businesses and so we are confident that we are more than holding our own against both sets of competitors. In terms of DiLUSSO DELI company, that has been very successful for us. We continue to find new customers and new regions of the country to bring that program and even within some of the existing customers we have been able to partner with them to broaden the portfolio and going to sandwiches and salads and other types of items utilizing that brand. So, we do consider that to be a good growth franchise for us.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: What percent of your sales do you think in Foodservice gets sold under that kind of format, is it big or small, is it a $100 million idea or how big of an idea is it?
Jeff Ettinger:  It’s under $100 million now but it is gaining some scale. Although we don’t break out separate sales numbers for the units underneath Refrigerated, I just wanted to clarify though, we don’t count that as a Foodservice sale, we count that as a DELI sale since it goes through the grocery channel and the grocery sales for us, so it would technically be part of our meat products group is where we would reference it. 
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jeff Ettinger:  It is a hybrid kind of product line we recognize.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse:  Right.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Ramey with D. A. Davidson & Co. Please go ahead.
Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co.:  Good morning. Jeff, I think you were running the turkey business in the last margin downturn and pulled it out of that, and my memory is failing but I think that was occurring about concurrent with the acquisition of Jennie-O Turkey Store or maybe a little bit after it, how should we think about the margins in kind of the traditional fresh product versus the value-added product, clearly you were losing money in the fresh product piece of the business this quarter and should in the next quarter as well, but how does that relate to kind of how the business felt before the Turkey Store acquisition?
Jeff Ettinger:  Okay Tim, I certainly remember it well. We made the acquisition of the Turkey Store in 2001 and the real downturn year was 2003, that was when the various export markets kind of dried up in terms of being a source for meat sales to not align the turkey industry but buy even more significantly the chicken and we ended up with breast meat at $1.13 for that summer as the peak price. So, it wasn’t exactly concurrent with it but it was fairly soon after the acquisition. What we feel we have done over time is migrate the overall performance of the business upward by attaining efficiencies between the Minnesota-based operations at Jennie-O and the Wisconsin-based operations at the Turkey Store by combining the brand and the two by being able to better utilize meat between the system, but as we are seeing today, the business still does have some susceptibility to cyclicality in terms of macro conditions. I think we have talked in terms of kind of normal earnings expectations for Jennie-O Turkey Store being maybe in the 8% to 9% range but looking at historical results, we probably still are in a mode where our low is probably 5% and our high is over 12% like we did a couple of years ago, and so we’ll continue to work on value adding more and more to that portfolio and trying to take some of that volatility out but for night now, obviously their focus is on honing in on those types of items and then getting the best return they can on the commodity-based items.
Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co.: How is the export market behaving there with exports of protein and general fairly strong, are you starting to see anything in the Turkey business as well for exports?
Jeff Ettinger:  It is mixed. Markets have been fairly solid for the dark meat side of the business that tends to be the component that the export markets are more interested in. They are not much up on breast meat. That really just doesn’t interest in that type of raw material, it doesn’t go into the products well that they intend to make and historically or even with somewhat higher prices of dark meat (inaudible) is a little over a $1 and if your breast meat is reconsidered depressed at $1.70, what they are looking at it is the one raw material is still better valued than the breast meat and our consumers are really aren’t looking for that. So, it is a mixed result in terms of the operating performance for Jennie-O.
Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Terrific. Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport and Company. Please go ahead.
Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company:  Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi Ann.
Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company: Just wondering is there a little more discussion on pricing given the production cost of Turkey and the tightening pork market, is there momentum building at retail for higher prices for products or is that still lagging?
Jeff Ettinger:  We’ve certainly have been taking pricing in a lot of different segments of our business not just the retail but within the Foodservice component of the business as well. We have to weigh in each case what type of products they are within some of the Foodservice and DELI areas you have a little bit longer contract commitment sometimes. We have been obviously in recent times not putting out such long commitments but it has historically more of a pattern in that area of the business and all retailers are obviously quite highly interested giving the best value proposition they can to their consumers and we certainly are interested in that as well, but as everyone recognizes when you start seeing raw material cost run up in 5%, 10% and 15% range in some cases, the pricing has to follow and so overall in the value-added areas of our business, we have been tracking reasonably well with that.
Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company: But commodities still seem to be lagging?
Jeff Ettinger:  Certainly on the turkey side it has.
Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company: Turkey side, okay great. Are you looking at any additional pricing in your grocery product segment over the next six months?
Jeff Ettinger:  Yes. We have some within certain branded items. We have already announced some to the trade there. We have also announced some on the branded meat product side and within the Refrigerated foods that are sold to the retail trade. So, we’ll continue to look at those as we need to.
Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company: Okay, that’s great. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pritzel [ph] with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Chris Pritzel – Lehman Brothers:  Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger:  Hi Chris.
Chris Pritzel – Lehman Brothers: Hi there, just a clarification on Turkey. It sounds like that you are kind of anticipating a turn maybe in the cycle in thinking spring could be that time frame but I guess I am just wondering if that is based on what you are seeing in profitability in the industry right now and anticipating that it is just not sustainable at these levels or if it is based on actual actions that you are seeing taking place today, I know – I think Smithfield had blasted that they were thinking about pork reductions in (inaudible) but actually haven’t committed to it so I am just curious if it is based on what you are actually seeing or just more on what you are anticipating?
Jeff Ettinger:  It starts with the anticipation based on the economic realities that everyone is facing within the poultry side of the business. We certainly tried to get as much information as we can from neutral sources within the industry as to what they hear going on out there and we have some indications based on that but there are indeed others that would be following the pattern of looking to tighten up their production. In terms of the published egg numbers, we have seen now a couple of weeks in a row some down numbers there which would support the notion of it tightening up. So, it is a little bit of a combination Chris.
Chris Pritzel – Lehman Brothers: Okay. Just thinking about some of our new products like COMPLEATS and if you can just give me maybe an update on where we are at in terms of ACV distribution nationally and also how high do you think you can get on national ACV on COMPLEATS?
Jeff Ettinger:  For COMPLEATS, the ACV is quite high and really there the continued growth is going to come from acceleration of the sales rates of the items in the store and potentially not having bigger and bigger sections. We certainly saw quantum leads kind of within the last 12 to 18 months between the typical set and a lot of the retailers in the United States have COMPLEATS that were just a handful of items to now many of them carrying double digits worth of SKUs on the line. We also rolled out our four what we call our green label items, our more health oriented offerings within that segment and those have gotten good exceptions there. The ACV rate there is in the 60% to 70% range and is enjoying good sales success. So, we think there is a lot of run rate left and we certainly think we have put our money where our mouth is with our $90 million investment in the plant (inaudible) open till November of 2009 but we feel will definitely be warranted based on what we expect from the category.
Chris Pritzel – Lehman Brothers: So, the run rate kind of where you still see you are ahead maybe has more to do with line extension and kind of faster turns in the category rather than just kind of ACV itself.
Jeff Ettinger:  Yes. There are a lot of retailers that would be very interested in driving meal solution areas within the stores that would equate to those you see in frozen. You look at the kind of shelf space that is in the frozen case, it will by the way cost the retailer a lot more to maintain on energy and everything else that we think that we are ultimately going to be able to drive much larger meal-based sections within the dry good section than what you see today. 
Chris Pritzel – Lehman Brothers: Have you been surprised by acceptance in maybe a channel that you hadn’t anticipated on that or is it pretty much kind of more grocery oriented and you think that is kind of where it stays?
Jeff Ettinger:  Without implying that these are big numbers, we have seen some acceptance within the convenience storage channels which I don’t [ph] think that fits that channel as well and then our Foodservice team has had some success on an account-by-account basis with some hotel chains and when you arrive at the hotel at 9 o’clock and it is not a hotel with a restaurant and you would rather have something other than microwaved popcorn to it, these are really excellent options for them to be able to provide their patrons and so we are looking at some growth there as well. 
Chris Pritzel – Lehman Brothers: Then switching gears just to the hog, the hog cost situation, are you still -- I think you had mentioned that you were seeing self slaughter facilities at one point running at full utilization levels and I am curious if you are still seeing that taking place in the industry?
Jody Feragen:  I think the industry has slowed down a little bit with the grain crisis coming down and the future prices looking quite favorable. The producers are back in the black, so we have seen that slowdown and we are still expecting that there will be a 9% increase in hogs that will have come to market in 2008. 
Chris Pritzel – Lehman Brothers: Okay and that 58 to 62 per 100 (inaudible) I think it was the range that you provided for ’09, is that a level that allows the hog production industry to get back to a more normalized profit levels or is there kind of another leg up from there?
Jody Feragen:  I have not looked at it in terms of what the producer would get. A lot depends on where the grain prices go, I would expect that that should still provide them a level of profitability.
Chris Pritzel – Lehman Brothers: Then my last question is just more around what the right way to think about your use of balance sheet flexibility would be, it seems like you are taking a pretty measured and balanced approach to it, but if I think about sort of from an EPS growth trajectory standpoint, you have noted a number of head wins you have got coming up and in a lot of ways it seems like you kind of control your own destiny when it comes to EPS growth because of the balance sheet flexibility that you have, I am just not sure that is the way you approach the use of your balance sheet though. So, I would be curious if you do kind of looked at EPS growth in kind of providing an outlook kind of more consistent with the long term 10% EPS growth range and how your balance sheet could help you do that.
Jody Feragen:  I think our balance sheet definitely will help us do that as we make investments both on the acquisition side or further expansion of the businesses we already have, and as we talked, we certainly would like to have more leverage down the balance sheet which we need to get that there by those investment modes. 
Jeff Ettinger:  I guess I would just add to that, we are not looking for quick hits, we are not looking to just pick up a business to kind of jab short-term results if we don’t think that is a franchise that we are adding value to and it has significant growth opportunities itself. And then I guess secondly on just the cash side, we don’t intend to sit on large quantities of cash for a long time. As years ebb and flow and as our repurchase and other acquisition activities ebbs and flows, the cash number may go up and down somewhat but we recognize we are not doing the shareholder any favors if we have large amounts of cash for too long a time.
Chris Pritzel – Lehman Brothers: Great. Very helpful, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. There are no further questions, Mr. Jones I will turn it back to you for closing comments.
Kevin Jones: Thank you. We appreciate all of you participating in this conference call today and thanks for joining us. So, that’s the end of the call.
Operator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that will conclude today’s teleconference. Again, if you would like to listen to a replay of today’s conference, please dial 82303-5903000 or 1800-405-2236 and enter the access code of 11118122 followed by the pound sign. We thank you again for your participation and at this time you may disconnect. Have a nice day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-28 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference call is recorded today Thursday, May 22nd of 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Jones, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin C. Jones: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods' conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2008. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6.30 AM Central Time. If you didn't receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jody Feragen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results and an outlook for the remainder of fiscal year 2008. Then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be opened for questions following Jody's remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 AM Central Time today, May 22, 2008. The dial-in number is 800-405-2236 and the access code is 11113993. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 24 through 29 in the company's 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 27, 2008 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning everyone. We were happy with our results in the second quarter especially in light of the macro conditions confronting the food industry. In reviewing our performance this quarter, all five segments reported top line growth and three of our segments reported bottom line growth. Sales for the quarter reached $1.59 billion, up 6% from the prior year and up 4% excluding acquisitions. Earnings per share for the quarter were $0.56 compared to $0.49, an increase of 14%. I will now take you through each segment. The Grocery Products segment had another strong quarter, reporting 4% sales and 6% operating profit growth. I was particularly impressed to see this profit growth on top of last year's Q2 increase of over 20%. Operating profit also improved 30 basis points in Grocery Products compared to last year. Strong sales of the Hormel Compleats microwave trays and the SPAM family of products were key drivers to sales and earnings for this segment. Our growth rate per compleats was more modest during the quarter but still hit the double-digit level. The continued rollout of the green label products and the introduction of new promotional effort are expected to continue our momentum on this product line. Pricing was taken on the SPAM family of products, our microwave trays and bacon toppings to compensate for the increased input costs experienced by this segment. Notwithstanding the price increase, sales volume for the SPAM family of products was up nicely in the quarter aided by continued promotional and advertising support as well as increased distribution of SPAM Singles. Sales of our Hormel chili and Dinty Moore products helped offset the continued weaker results from Valley Fresh chunk meats and Chi-Chi's sauces. We just recently initiated the rollout of our reformulated Chi-Chi's sauces with new packaging and a new advertising campaign and are optimistic about the results. The Refrigerated Foods segment had an excellent quarter recording 26% higher operating profit and 4% increase sales. Sales increased 1% excluding acquisition. This group benefited from the lower pork raw material input costs but also saw continued strong sales from their value-added products. Both Hormel refrigerated entrees and Hormel Natural Choice sandwich meats experienced double-digit sales growth aided by national advertising campaign that drove increased volume. The acquisition of Burke Corporation also contributed to the segment sales growth for the quarter. Our Foodservice division experienced some lost volumes in the casual dining segment, offset in large part by pursuing other channels. Jennie-O Turkey Store's revenues were up 8%, reflecting a combination of price increases and volume gains. Sales volumes were up in retail products such as Jennie-o Turkey Store fresh tray pack products, frozen turkey burgers and marinated tenderloins. Commodity meat volumes also increased due to higher harvest counts and improved bird weights. These gains offset sales declines in other retail product lines such as Jennie-O Turkey Store pan roasts and turkey franks and certain foodservice and deli products. Jennie-O Turkey Store was not able, however, to cover all of its $39 million of higher grain costs through pricing, hedging and production efficiencies, leading to the reported decline in earnings of $2.2 million by this segment. We expect to reduce turkey poult placements by about 5% over the coming months which should result in reduced production by the beginning of our next fiscal year. The Specialty Foods segment reported increased sales of 8% but a 5% decrease in operating profit versus the year ago. The Specialty Products business unit's earnings were hindered by higher dairy and other input costs. Diamond Crystal Brands results were hurt by higher sugar costs, resulting from the Imperial Sugar plant explosion in February and higher dairy input costs for nutritional products, in addition to lower volumes. Century Foods International posted improved earnings resulting from higher sales in nutritional jar and ready-to-drink products. In the all other segments our international business team delivered another excellent quarter with sales up 19% and operating profits up 20%. Strong export sales of the SPAM family of products and fresh pork were the key drivers. Overall the results of the quarter once again illustrate the benefits of our balanced business model. I am proud that our team was able to come through with the 6% top line growth and a 14% earnings per share increase given the circumstances we confronted. As you are aware, grain and fuel cost has continued to rise to record levels. The pricing actions we have taken in recent months are insufficient to cover the latest round of these increases. And so our team will once again be challenged to recoup these additional costs through pricing and through finding other areas to control costs in the upcoming quarters. In addition starting late in the second quarter, we have seen a rapid run up in hog input costs. While we have been expecting the higher hog prices for 2009, these recent market moves have been sharper and earlier than anticipated. In our view the jury is out and whether this current run up will moderate, given that there is still very significant number of hogs coming to market in the coming months. We will continue to implement price increases and are trying to stay even what the input cost while maintaining our focus on growing our value added products and pursuing manufacturing efficiencies. After evaluating all of these factors, we are reconfirming our fiscal 2008 guidance range of $2.30 to $2.40 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over to, Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you Jeff good morning everyone. Earnings for the fiscal 2008 second quarter totaled $77.6 million or as Jeff just indicated $0.56 per share compared to $68 million or $0.49 per share a year ago. Earnings for six months of fiscal 2008 totaled $165.7 million or a $20 per share compared to a $143.3 million or a $3 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the second quarter totaled $1.6 billion compared to $1.5 billion last year, a 6% increase. Acquisitions added about $30 million to the top line in the second quarter. For the first two quarters of 2008 dollar sales increased 7% to $3.2 billion with acquisitions adding about $69 million to the top line for the first six months of 2008. Volume for the second quarter was 1.1 billion pounds up 5% from fiscal 2007. Acquisitions added 20 million pounds to the quarter. Volumes for the first two quarters of the year was 2.3 million pounds up 5% from fiscal 2007. Acquisitions of added about 49 million pounds to the first half of our fiscal 2008. Selling and delivery expenses in the second quarter were 13.2% of sales this year, compared with 12.8% last year. Year-to-date the expenses were 13% of sales flat with last year. We do expect selling and delivery expenses to be above last year's levels for the remainder of the year due to higher freight and warehousing costs. Advertising expenses calculated on a GAAP basis were 1.7% of sales for the quarter, which is the same as last year. Year-to-date the expenses are 1.7% of sales compared to 1.8% in fiscal 2007. We expect advertising expenses for the full year to be above fiscal 2007 levels as we begin advertising the Hormel Compleats line in the third quarter and continue media campaigns for several other product lines. Administrative and general expense was 2.7% of sales for the quarter and year-to-date even with last year's quarter and year-to-date percentages. We expect administrative and general expenses to remain at current levels for the remainder of the year. Interest expense for the quarter was $6.4 million compared to $7 million last year. Year-to-date interest expense is $13.1 million compared to $13.4 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $26 million for the full year. Total long term debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million and we ended the quarter with $25 million outstanding on our short term line of credits, related to some working capital needs. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31 million compared to $32 million last year. For the first half of the year, depreciation and amortization was $64 million compared to $63 million last year. We expect full year depreciation and amortization to be about $125 million to $130 million. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 36.1% versus 37.4% in fiscal 2007. Year-to-date effective tax rate is 36.4% compared to 36% last year and for the full year we expect the effective tax rate to be between 36% and 36.5%. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $36 million compared to $34 million last year. For the first six months of the year capital expenditures totaled $68 million compared with $70 million last year. For 2008 total year we expect capital expenditures to be about $140 million to $150 million. Capital expenditures related to the construction of our new microwave tray plant in Dubuque, Iowa will begin towards the end of our fiscal year. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter and first six months of the year was 136 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter and first half of the year were 138 million. We repurchased 205,000 shares of common stock during the second quarter at an average price of $37.87. We have 3.6 million shares remaining to be purchased from the 10 million share authorization currently in place. We processed 2.4 million hogs in the quarter even with last year. For the first six months of the year we processed 4.8 million hogs compared to 4.7 million last year. The actual live hog cost in the second quarter was $43 per live 100 weight in line with the forecasted market we provided in our first quarter conference call. This compared with an average live base price of $48 in the same period last year. We are anticipating an average market of $53 to $57 per life 100 weight for the third quarter compared to 55 last year. Though sow liquidation has increased recently we continue to see an abundant supple of hogs in the market and believe the prices will come down from the current levels during the third quarter. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the operator for questions and answers. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you madam. Ladies and gentlemen at this time we will begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam: Hi. Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning, Farha.
Jody H. Feragen: Good morning Farha.
Farha Aslam: Could you clarify how SPAM trends are going? Because I've just heard mixed review on that. And what your outlook is for that business as the economy weakens?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Were you talking about SPAM trends? Is that what you said? Okay, my connection wasn't that tight. They have been excellent. We have a significant promotional campaign against SPAM. We have the first national advertising campaign on the brand in several years, and we saw very solid results in the first and in the second quarter. Due to input costs we've had to push pricing in that category but the brand has withstood that increase and has delivered excellent results. And we have... our outlook going forward is very favorable toward it.
Farha Aslam: And would... are you able to inventory SPAM when hog prices are weak so that in periods like the summer when you are experiencing higher hog cost that can protect your margin there a little bit?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, yes, in theory, you could. What realistically happened this year is that our sales volumes have been so significant in both the domestic market and in the international market that we weren't able to get particularly far ahead that we've been running very strongly in our facilities to keep up with current demand.
Farha Aslam: Okay, and could you just share with us, given the volatility in hog prices and grain prices, how you're running your businesses differently and how you're pricing your products differently?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well clearly, where the pricing is hit or the cost has hit our business, the soonest was in the turkey segment of the business and we have talked about that in past calls, they were given their vertical integration and given their ownership of feed mills and the fact they feed even the family farm, turkey operations within their region, they've had to bear the brunt of the entire feed increase and have had to significantly change their operating performance in relation to that. They've looked for every opportunity they can to find operational efficiencies, moving production lines where they make sense into other product areas and they've gained some efficiencies in terms of their logistics area. And then obviously, they've had to really be aggressive on the pricing side to try to stay even as best they can with these cost increases. I think the team up there really did a very nice job during the first half of this year and taking what was at that time that wave of cost increases which was kind of from the mid $3 range up to about $5 corn, we were talking about the last time we were on the call, where we've had a more difficult time recovering, pricing would be in the remaining commodity elements of the business where clearly they still face the same price... same cost pressures in terms of the input but have less of an ability to drive pricing beyond the market rate. Right now, the market rate for commodity meat, although it's on a historical basis they'd be considered just fine, they are not covering cost of production. The challenge then for the other... for the remainder of the business is really comes down to what the outlook is for the hog market. We recognize that in the long run there is going to be a migration at some point to cost of production within the hog side of the business as well. There obviously has been a pretty steep increase here recently in hog prices. As we indicated earlier, it's kind of hard... it's a hard read right now for us to determine with just an early run, typical summer run, or is this the start of a new plateau in terms of values for hogs. And there are contradictory signals out there. There are plentiful hog numbers still, there is high cold storage holdings which would indicate that the pricing potentially should come down. We also certainly hear about the sow liquidation and we understand the cost of production side which would go the other direction. Either way the burden then on our team is to make sure they are on their game and are keeping our pricing as current as possible against what the cost environment is that they're are going to be confronting.
Farha Aslam: Are you at all concerned about low hog prices in the fall and then going into the early part of '09, a really steep price increase in hog, so then you would have low pork prices in the fall and have to put in very, very steep price increases in the early part of next year and that would be a challenge for you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well. We've talked before that we have a history of being able to perform well whether they're high or low market situations. So that the advent in the long run of higher values of hogs isn't something that should harm our business in the long run. We also though have conceded that fast moves are hard. And if any time, there is a steep increase the value added element of our portfolio just by the way the business world works is you don't just walk into your customer and say tomorrow we are going up in prices. So whether it comes in the fall or whether it comes next year, it would obviously be a preferable scenario for us to have it be more gradual, but we'll obviously fend for ourselves and do the best we can whichever environment we end up in.
Farha Aslam: Okay, Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Churchill with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Mark Churchill: Can you please give us an idea of the current distribution of the Hormel Natural Choice line of deli meats, where you think that can go and whether you are looking at line extension such as antibiotic for your organics?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure, the current distribution of Natural Choice is in the 70 plus percent range in terms of National ECB [ph] on the sliced items, that would be sliced ham, sliced turkey. The roast beef was a more recent introduction. And to be honest with you I don't have that number. I know that we've been satisfied with the acceptances to date but whether it's got enough to that same 70% level, I am not totally sure. We do believe that the Natural Choice line can be a platform for numerous product. We've already introduced such items as Chicken Strips, Uncured Bacon and Crusted Pork Loin and we are experimenting with the potential of having kind of a secondary item within the line that would not only be an all natural product but would be antibiotic fee but that's at very early stages right now.
Mark Churchill: Okay. Then on the foodservice side what percentage currently goes to that channel?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well I mean on a company wide basis if you count all the different elements we have in foodservice it's almost a third of total sales, it's nearly $2 billion counting all the different divisions of Hormel that have some sales into the foodservice channel.
Mark Churchill: Okay. And then obviously it stayed flat for the year for the quarter, it sounds like but some of that, there were some lost volumes that you had to make up for. Was that on restaurants you are selling into closing or just lower cost there... store sales for the casual dining customers?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well clearly I mean what we are hearing from the restaurant industry is a picture of more flat sales. We do think we've had some successes in certain segment of the foodservice industry and with certain product lines within our portfolio that we are still delivering other than that. But the net overall right now is that instead of kind of the high single digit growth that we had enjoyed for foodservice, that this is a little tougher slog for them right now. But again we've talked about our balanced business model in the past and we feel this time if foodservice is having a little harder run that we are probably seeing some benefit in terms of our grocery business because we really did have very solid performances by both of our retail units here at Hormel.
Mark Churchill: Okay and then given the macro pressures on Jennie-O, is there any think you can do it to show improvement in that segment, are you just trying to tread water until the micro environment improves?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well no, I mean we're not... we wouldn't be satisfied with long-term treading water but we recognize though when we get the steep run-up in costs, this happened to us last year for a couple of quarters where the timing of the pricing actions don't match up exactly with the timing of the cost increases. All the... in the long haul if this is the new reality of what it costs to raise turkeys, we have to have our products priced accordingly in the marketplace. The other thing we are taking a proactive stance and it is the poult reduction we talked about this. As we do in our pork business in our turkey business where we raise turkeys or support the raising of he turkeys in the system, to support our value added businesses. And given that we have seen a little bit of a slowdown in the volume trend there and given that we're feeding $6 plus corn to the turkeys there is not reason to bring in extra at this point. And so we are looking at reducing the amount of poult we place in the barns over the next few months, which should reduce and.... should result in reduced volume next year of available commodity meat. But as I mentioned earlier on the call at this stage we are selling commodity meat at a loss and so that is something that should benefit the division overall if it's pulled off correctly.
Mark Churchill: And are you seeing competitors follow suit on that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's too early to tell. I mean we certainly have heard that kind of commentary out of focus on the chicken side of the business, and some are seeing and some aren't but on the turkey side, I really don't have an indication yet for you.
Mark Churchill: Okay, Thank you very much.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia Securities, please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi Jon.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually John San Marcos [ph] on behalf of Jonathan Feeney.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay.Sure.
Unidentified Analyst: You referenced a couple of soft spots in the Jennie-O value added portfolio, what was the cause of that, was that pushing the pricing lever too quickly or something else?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think we are running... in the categories of products that are less differentiated if you are on bid business to a major foodservice operator, or if you're in your mid tiered deli type items as we've had to push price two three four times, there always could be a player out there that looks at the situation differently and decides that either they want to run their plants more aggressively or they don't have an alternative outlook for the meat or whatever and they don't take the same pricing action you are doing, you would have some vulnerabilities and to lose those kind of bids. In our more differentiated areas of the business such as our retail, fresh tray pack and retail tenderloins and so forth, we are still seeing excellent growth on those items where we really bring a significant point of difference.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, so presumably those soft spots should harden as the timing sort of corrects itself relative to your competitors' pricing?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think that's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and just one more on Jennie-O related to pricing, I mean was that three or four rounds of price increases of late and input costs have done any thing but tread water since those... whose pricing sensitivity threshold do you think is more threatened? Is it your customer or do you guys get a sense of the consumers running out of capacity to absorb more pricing?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think it depends on the area of the store and it depends on what's happening with the competitive set. There has been some element within our business that maybe as we've lost some deli turkey sales because the turkey prices have been pushed that we may well have gained some of that back recently in ham sales because ham has been a better value than turkey. If hog markets go the level that they may go, based on cost of production that gap would get narrowed and again you just would kind of adjust your selling behavior accordingly. I'll give you some example, you asked about Jennie whether if I could go into the grocery area for the example. I mean we've had to take pricing within the grocery area as well as inputs have been up on such items as Hormel Compleats and SPAM luncheon meat. But we're still seeing very robust sales there because I think the consumers in this environment are still seeing those excellent values versus some of their alternative meal options. And so we feel we can still drive our business even in this environment.
Unidentified Analyst: It would seem to me that your portfolio relative to the package foods base at large does have sort of an advantage value positioning in an environment like this but does that make some of those, more value offering products more susceptible to private label competition? And if so, have you seen any change there in the private label gap and competitive threat from private level?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We really haven't seen any change in the pricing gap, I mean the value added... excuse me the private label players are confronting many of the same cost increases as we are and so to stay in business they're going to have to adjust their prices into their retailers as well. It's a mixed bag in terms of our categories just to how significant a threat part of the label is, some areas of the deli that their entire grocery store programs that are private label until. And so those are something we have to deal with. In the grocery environment, I think we've said in the past, couple of the segments that we have in the more significant competition would be salsa and the chunk chicken area and those are two areas that we are having little more trouble. And so it could be in part a migration to private label there but in other franchise such as a branded items like Hormel chili and Dinty Moore stew and SPAM luncheon, I mean those sales were great last quarter and so we're really not seeing that in those areas.
Unidentified Analyst: That's very helpful, thank you for taking our questions.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hey. Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi Robert.
Jody H. Feragen: Good morning.
Robert Moskow: Is there anyway of quantifying the benefit that you've experienced in the first half of the year, from very low hog prices? And then trying to quantify what the risk to earnings would be if the futures market is correct and by next year we have lean hog futures in the $0.90 range and maybe this And maybe this is not the way to look at it, but you did have an outstanding profit growth in the first half of the year and my perception anyway is that the low hog price environment was the big driver of that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The low hog price environment certainly helped the Refrigerated Foods group but they were helped by really strong value added sales, their innovative new products by bringing on the Burke Corporation and the earnings we've gotten from that. We've seen even improvement from our Farmer John operations albeit from a very low base but the team I think has got the right things in place to make that business grow. I don't think you can pick just one component like that out, I wouldn't have that number for you anyway but even if I did I mean it really depends on what are the values of the primals in relation to the hog price that we are having to pay, how fast does it go up. There are significant elements of both our retail and foodservice refrigerated group that are still kind of market based pricing, typical bacon, ham sales that over the history... they trend with those same markets and so those would be less susceptible to getting compressed just because hogs go up. And then the area that we'll have to keep our eyes on would be are more value added items that don't trend sell so on a market basis, Hormel Pepperonis and refrigerated entrees and so forth. And in those cases if we get to a point where we say yes the market is up, and it's going to stay up and here's new input, then they are going to have to price their products accordingly.
Robert Moskow: Okay and another thing Jeff on your analyst day you presented some very good numbers on how you've taken miles out of the system and that has helped you manage through a higher diesel cost environment. Can you give any more color on what you are doing, what your next steps are in that regard and how that might help you or manage the next tranche up in diesel costs?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think the team continues to do an excellent job, and we've seen far even better results in terms of their ability to offset steep increases in fuel from even what we presented last fall. They are doing an excellent job in increasing weights for truck, they are doing a great job in finding rail options whenever that makes more sense and that's both in the parent system and the best we can in the subsidiary systems. And then another area I could point to where we've really continued to drive synergy would be in the purchasing area where we bought a number of companies obviously over the last few years and as we get our hands around those operations and those teams become more used to the Hormel system, we are doing a better job of collaborating on the key buys we do as the company and again try to offset of the steep grain and other inflation by our controlling costs in some of the other raw materials.
Jody H. Feragen: But we will see an increase in the selling and delivery expense for the back-half of the year because diesel's really taken a move up and as much as the guys take pride in their ability to offset some of that I think we are hitting the point where we will see an increase in that.
Robert Moskow: That sounds unavoidable. One of your competitors has said that what they are specifically trying to do is to reduce the number of touches that they have from slaughtering product to doing the value added to getting to the distribution center. Are there opportunities like that in your supply chain as well or are you pretty efficient in that in making sure that instead of touching four facilities it only goes to two or something like that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: There are some opportunities in that, there we do have somewhat... a network of some co-packers in addition to our own plants and we have been examining where we should run what products. I think things that we are working on maybe more significantly, I mean in the whole area of sustainability that really gets you focused on reducing packaging on reducing shipment, on reducing usage of energy and other raw materials. And I think our facilities have made some nice gains there, and then I think both of our larger operations teams have done a good job at really examining our total plant portfolio and where necessary moving product lines to the best place, the place closest to the right raw material or places where we can have long run without lots of cleanups for doing short runs. And so there are some opportunities to continue to gain efficiency there.
Jody H. Feragen: And we've also taken actions with our customers to encourage them to make larger orders, less frequently.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Very good. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's alright.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Bill Chappell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
William B. Chappell: Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi, Bill.
Jody H. Feragen: Good morning.
William B. Chappell: Can you talk a little bit more about on the institutional side or, I mean, on the food service side. Do you think we have seen a bottom or trends? Do they look to improve as we move throughout the rest of the year, and then maybe your ability to pass off price increases through that channel?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I don't know whether we have seen a bottom. I mean we kind of... the National Restaurant Show was this last weekend, I mean we certainly communicate to a lot of folks there. That's not the most optimistic group of people right now that you will ever run across. But there are certainly parts of the food service segment that are still enjoying success in this environment, but it's a... it is a challenge right now. So, I don't have a sense for you whether, okay, is it turning now or is it turning a quarter from now, is it turning two quarters from now. In terms of pricing, it's kind of the same story I was mentioning earlier when I was using Jennie-O as an example. I mean if you are... as we have developed some unique items that have strong points of difference, I think we should have a very strong ability to make sure we're getting the price for those products that deliver a sufficient margin for our total system. If your in components of the food service business that are very bid based or very competitive, and you've got some more wild cards in play. Now, even at that I mean, all the other competitors are facing the same cost increases, we are, and so that's part of the environment. We certainly hear examples from the foods service trade of efforts they are making potentially to lower portion size in some cases to downgrade their offering, et cetera to address a critical cost, critical price point on their menu. And we are certainly working with them try to help them find some solutions in that regard. But beyond that, I don't have... I can't quantify for you precisely.
William B. Chappell: Got it. Well, did you see trends deteriorate sequentially or did they pretty much flat?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean we have seen it last I mean that unit, the larger food service unit for us would be within the Refrigerated Foods group. And after several years in a row of kind of high single-digit growth, we went through a couple of quarter of mid-to low single-digit growth and then this quarter it was down to flat. So, if there has been graduality to it, but it's not just a fluke at this point, certainly.
William B. Chappell: And finally just kind of on use of cash, is the M&A environment any better any worse, is there any further thought of changing your leverage ratios with some of the uses of the cash, and how you look at that as we move through the year?
Jody H. Feragen: Well, today I am not so sure I am unhappy with our current underleveraged position but we look to add to our business through acquisitions. The environment I think is improving. We still get the opportunity to look at plenty of transactions some of the pricing still seems to be a little bit unrealistic. I can't say that we have any thing that we are announcing today because obviously we would have put that in the press release.
William B. Chappell: Great. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Tim Ramey with D. A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Timothy S. Ramey: Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning Tim.
Timothy S. Ramey: Were there any mark-to-market hedging gains or losses in the quarter that we should be aware of?
Jody H. Feragen: No.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Don't think so. I mean there is clearly I think when we quantify it in public releases, we'll have hedging offsets as I mentioned then earlier to some of the corn run-up and some of soy run-up. But
Jody H. Feragen: Tim we... our accounting for hedges qualifies under the FASB 133, so we don't have mark-to-market. Everything that any hedging, gains or losses, that are realized, goes in to our product cost.
William B. Chappell: Got it. Okay. And Jeff the discussion on kind what to do strategically on the production of Turkey for next year I think is interesting because obviously Turkey and poultry in general has a higher conversion rate for corn, so could be price advantage versus pork and beef. How do you kind... I mean you said that there is no reason... you made a very strong statement, there is no reason to continue to increase at current losses and yet that might be a reason. What do you think about that argument?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, we do have some flexibility within the system, and if the environment changes, we are not closing barns, that's why we are doing it on a poult placement basis. But that is our best outlook for the next, kind of 12 to 18 months and it takes certain amount of time obviously to enact this kind of the change. But given the volume that we would need to support the value-added businesses next year and given what the reason trends have been in terms of commodity values that we think this will put us in the best return basis we can for, let's say 2009, again and we can make a change again later. Okay. And then on food service, would characterize the... you said you picked up business in other channels. Flowers this morning said that they were seeing it in quick serve and fast food as a pick-up from casual dining. Are you seeing it there or are you seeing it in on the retail side?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, two things. Within what we would categorize as kind of reported or food service results, they are gaining some benefits of offset in the non-commercial segment, selling to schools, hospitals and other institutional sale. When flip over retail, I guess, I do believe that we are seeing benefit. We had a really strong quarter when you look at retail items within the grocery trade. I don't know how much of that is a trade from people from food service to grocery items. We obviously think that we are engaging in activities that are helping to drive that as well. We've had stepped up advertising really focused advertising campaigns against the Hormel brand for the last couple of years. And the total Hormel brand sales are up significantly in both grocery and meet items. And we've talked clearly that we have added ad campaigns SPAM and to Dinty Moore and we saw a good performances from those items as well. So I think it's a combination of the advertising efforts, sales force execution, some products within those areas and then admittedly some economy effects as potentially are shifting out of restaurant occasions and into home occasions.
William B. Chappell: Thanks a lot.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jody H. Feragen: Good morning Diane.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi, Dan.
Diane Geissler: Just a question on Turkey. Sort of had a lot of question on it here in relation to the grain, but if I look at, your results this quarter versus the quarter a year ago either on an EBIT basis or on an absolute basis. Given that you won't see the benefit of your production cut until the beginning of your next fiscal year, in the back half are we looking at sort of a similar trend year-over-year, or would it be... on an order of magnitude, would we expect Turkey to be down even further than what it was in this quarter?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think your perception is right. That would be out best assessment right now as in the coming couple of quarters we could well see it down on a year-over-year, a little bit worse than what we've experienced in Q2 as that unit absorbs the full impact of the kind of latest run-up we've seen in grain.
Diane Geissler: Okay. And some of your commentary sounds like that is a bit of a change over the last few months. In addition, we've had a bit of the change on sort of original expectations about where hog prices would be this year versus your February call. So, I guess, with keeping guidance at the $2.30 to $2.40 level, what is the area that is outperforming your original expectations that keeps you confident in maintaining the guidance?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, couple of things. I mean, we are still... we still see strong trends in grocery. We see strong trends in international. We think specialty will improve somewhat, but not... that won't be a big change in overall picture. And so, for the second half, I mean here we finished the first half where both quarters we had 14% earnings growth over 15% for the half. That was probably little better than we originally had expected for the year. And now going into the second half, the second half is looking quite a bit more challenging than we've had expected at the beginning of the year. As Jennie-O, as we just talked about probably does a little worse than they did in the most recent quarter, and as Refrigerated Foods is probably going to be a little more pressure to be able to keep up with these 20 plus percent increases that they have been generating. And so net-net, we see second half still being... we should still have an ability to grow our business. But we don't think it's going to be at the rate we have been delivering in the first half, and that's where we kind of added up to being leaving the earnings guidance where we had it.
Diane Geissler: Okay. And then I guess, my other question really revolves around hog, hedging hogs. I know you have many methods under which you buy hogs, whether it's in the spot market or under your long-term contracts with your growers et cetera. Can you comment at all about, where you... what you might have put into place prior to the run in hogs? Do you actively hedge in the hog market, or are you more hedging in the grain market?
Jody H. Feragen: We actually are hedging programs typically just cover our input costs, and we look at our hog contracts as being a hedge against that. But they are mostly based at market prices.
Diane Geissler: Okay. Alright. Okay. Thank you very much.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport. Please go ahead.
Ann H. Gurkin: Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hey Ann.
Jody H. Feragen: Good morning.
Ann H. Gurkin: Wanted to... could we get some more detail on the export of fresh pork. I'm assuming strong results seeing sales were up year-over-year, is that right? And are you picking up any new business from new markets?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, or us, our fresh pork sales were very strong. Our team there has done an excellent job of developing customers in many key markets. We're not a big player in Japan. We are not a big...we really do not have any fresh pork sales to speak of in those numbers to China, like a lot of folks have talked about in the overall market. We tend to be more of a niche player, but we are still seeing very strong demand in those segments for the items that we have developed.
Ann H. Gurkin: Okay. And then switching to a Jennie-O Turkey business, have you set your contracts with retailers for the fall? Where are we with that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, whole... you are talking about whole bird sales for the season?
Ann H. Gurkin: Whole bird sales, yes.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It varies. It's really kind of a... it's a negotiation and in some cases it's up to what the retailer wants as to whether they want a lock in pricing way back in the spring, whether they want to base it off of a market, and same thing in terms of when they take delivery at the turkeys frankly. Whole bird market is looking decent this year. It's, obviously, cost production is high, but the values have been reasonably good and so we're in a pretty comfortable position right now in whole bird.
Ann H. Gurkin: Great.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's never a big profit area for the company, but it's... we think it's an important thing for our brand to carry it at the most important time of year when people think about turkeys. We are very happy with our oven-ready ready franchise and want to continue growing kind of value-added whole turkeys for the holidays. But overall, it shouldn't be a big pressure point for us.
Ann H. Gurkin: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from line of Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Christina McGlone: Hi. Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning.
Jody H. Feragen: Good morning.
Christina McGlone: Jeff on the last call you quantified feed costs to be an additional $80 million, I guess about the $40 million you had talked earlier. Can you give us some update on that numbers?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The best I can do is that it's north of where it was before. We did have that discussion in the last call and actually kind of some back and forth even with some of your brethren in the investor community about whether that was all that helpful number without a hedge number with it. And kind of on balance, given that that's an important factor too and that we really don't want to be disclosing our hedge positions for competitive reasons, I guess we're going to kind of go to rather not being quite as specific on it. But I ... clearly, we're talking $5.10 corn. I think last time we are online and now it's over $6 and so it clearly is an even higher number right now.
Christina McGlone: Okay. I guess may be, another way, where... if we in order to observe $6 corn, where did turkey prices, if we are looking at say breast meat prices, where do they need to be?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: They need to be north of $2.
Christina McGlone: Okay.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: And not just a penny or two.
Christina McGlone: Okay, like in that $2.50 range or ?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. It's probably between $2 and $2.50.
Christina McGlone: Okay. And maybe could you talk about some of the fundamental factors in the hog market, because it seems like you are saying you are seeing a lot of hogs come so the price today, it's not really fundamentally justified perhaps. I mean what about the liquidation in Canada. Is that having a big impact and could that make this run up more sustainable?
Jody H. Feragen: Well, we certainly expect every spring to see a run-up or a spike in the hog market. What happened this spring was much earlier and much sharper than we originally expected. But on the other hand, we are still seeing large numbers of hogs out there. The process in the industry has been maintained at pretty high levels from a historical standpoint. The Canadian situation I think there is a push to get those hogs out of Canada and down into the U.S before the country boards and labeling starts. We've seen a significant numbers come in form Canada has slowed a little bit in the more recent trends. But obviously, the guidance that I gave you for the hundred weight live prices indicates, I am assuming that it's going to back down a little bit more as we go into the third quarter. We will, as Jeff indicated at some point, see hog prices rise up to the cost of production or the supply-demand will right-size itself.
Christina McGlone: Jody, I thought that the language for the country of origin in the farm bill that it was actually going to say now from the U.S, Canada or Mexico. Maybe can you talk about the farm bill language?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: There is different categories that are going to be allowed. There will be a category that is U.S-raised only. There is a category that would say could be a product of U.S and Canada, and in that case it's only for feeder pigs. They are not going to be able to bring in market hogs across the border and have it be that. That would... if a market hog is processed here in the United States that was raised in Canada completely, that's going to have to be product of Canada. The question that's still out there is, okay, are there retailer... how many retailers are going to want product only of U.S versus one that will take to the mix label items, and it's too early to tell that right now. But that is having a chilling effect also in terms of the thoughts of Canadian exports going forward. And of course the whole situation with currency isn't exactly favorable for them to bring in hogs right now either.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, actually I think the last numbers I looked at showed increases in exports to Canada on pork.
Christina McGlone: Okay. And then last question, Jody, you talked about an increase in short-term debt to cover working capital and I am assuming with the increase in corn and maybe hogs in there too. But are you seeing an impact with your hedging from the higher margin requirements. Is that something we should think about going forward or is that not really material?
Jody H. Feragen: I wouldn't worry about the hedging side of things. Really the working capital borrowing has to do with, you're right, higher inventory prices and the timing of some tax payments.
Christina McGlone: Okay. And I think before you tell me working capital would be kind of mutual this year, now we should look for a use.
Jody H. Feragen: I would say because of the run-up in the values on inventories, it will probably continue to see those increases.
Christina McGlone: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing that there are no further questions. Mr. Jones, at this time, I'll turn it back to you for closing comments.
Kevin C. Jones: Thank you. I appreciate all of you taking the time today to listen in, and those of you who participate we appreciate your questions. So, thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that will conclude today's teleconference. We do thank you again for your participation. And at this time, you may disconnect. Have a nice day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-11-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you forstanding by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Duringtoday's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following thepresentation, the conference will be opened for questions. (OperatorInstructions) This conference is being recorded Tuesday, November 20th,2007. I would now like to turn the conference over to Fred Halvin, Director ofInvestor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Fred Halvin: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference callfor the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. We released our results this morningbefore the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Central Time. If you did not receivethe copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.comunder the Investor section. I wanted to point out that our corporate website has changedto hormelfoods.com from previously hormel.com. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board,President and Chief Executive Officer. I hope you had a chance to catch Jeff onCNBC on this mornings' Squawk Box edition. Jody Feragen, our Senior VicePresident and Chief Financial Officer is also on the call with us today. Jeffwill provide a review of the operating results and an outlook for the new year.Then, Jody will provide the detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be opened for questions following Jody'sremarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11a.m.Central Time today, November 20th, 2007. The dial-in number is 800-405-2236 andthe access code is 11102214. It will also be posted to our website and archivedfor one year. Before we get started with the results for the quarter, Ifirst need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some ofthe comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the PrivateSecurities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materiallyfrom those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Amongthe factors that may affect the operating results of the Company are thefluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and the marketconditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 26 through 31 in the Company's Form10-Q for quarter ending July 29, 2007, for more details. It can be accessed onour website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Ettinger: Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to end the year witha strong finish, allowing us to deliver respectable full year results in achallenging environment. The combination of strong consumer demand for ourproducts and solid execution by our team members were the key drivers to thestrong finish. This momentum also positions us well, as we begin 2008. Sales for the quarter were $1.7 billion, up 7% from theprior year and up 4% excluding acquisitions. Earnings per share for the quarterwere $0.73 compared to $0.64 last year, an increase of 14%. Included in thisyear's Q4 results is a $0.02 per share gain from the sale of a company airplaneand $0.01 per share gain from the dissolution of our Patak's joint venture. For the full year, sales were $6.2 billion, up 8% andexceeding $6 billion for the first time. Earnings per share for the full yearwere $2.17, up 6% or $2.14 without the plane sale and the Patak's divestiture. As I evaluate this year's performance, I am pleased that allfive segments reported topline growth and four out of five segments reportedoperating profit growth as well. The one segment that reported lower operatingprofit, Jennie-O Turkey Store, was burdened with over $80 million in highergrain inputs for the year. This segment made good progress to offset thesehigher costs as evidenced by its solid Q4 results. I believe 2007 provides another illustration of the value ofour balanced model. In a difficult environment like the first three quarters of2007, it created stability. When conditions turned more favorable like thefirst quarter, it provides an upside. This morning, we announced a robust 23% increase to ourannual dividend rate, making the new rate $0.74 per share. We have anexceptional history of returning profits to our shareholders through dividendincreases. Today's announcement is the 42nd consecutive year of increases andis the largest dividend increase in our company's history. This moresignificant increase is based on our confidence to deliver improved cash flowin the future. Our consistent earnings history is similar to a packaged foodcompany. Over time, we intend to move our dividend yield closer to a packagedfood company yield. I will now take you through each segment. The Grocery Product segment reported a 2% increase in salesand a 9% decrease in segment profit for the quarter. There were both positivesand negatives in the quarter for Grocery Products. First, the positive, verygood progress continues to be made building our HORMEL COMPLEATS microwave traybusiness. We are improving our shelf presence and gaining distribution. Thetelevision advertising launch last quarter for this product line has proven tobe very effective. Sales for the quarter were up over 40%. This level ofexplosive growth comes with its challenges, specifically in keeping up withdemand. We will continue to bring on more capacity in 2008 andbeyond to support this demand. We also had very positive results from both our STAGGand HORMEL chili businesses. The STAGG brand benefited from new distributionduring the quarter. Areas for Grocery Products reporting weaker results in thequarter were the SPAM family of products and VALLEY FRESH chunk meats. Thelower results for the SPAM family of products were related to a very strongthird quarter promotions that may have pulled some sales forward and also adifficult year ago comparison. For the full year, SPAM volume was slightly above last year.Although it's kind of a roller coaster year for grocery products in 2007, theunit completed the year with top line growth of 4% and operating profit growthof 3%. The Refrigerated Foods segment capped off a great fiscal2007, with a strong fourth quarter, reporting 15% higher operating profit andan 8% increase in sales for the quarter. For the year, operating profit forRefrigerated Foods was up 17% and sales were up 8%. We believe we are the industry leader in value-addedprotein, based on our ability to innovate our understanding of consumer andcustomer needs and our execution of our plans. Products in the Retail Channelreporting strong growth include ALWAYS TENDER marinated meats, DiLUSSO DELI COMPANY products andHORMEL party trays. Food Service items reporting strong growth for the quarterincluded BREAD READY sliced meats, AUSTIN BLUES barbecue products and premiumfresh pork. The Burke Corporation acquisition which was announced during thefourth quarter was accretive to the Refrigerated Foods results and strengthensour portfolio of products in the important pizza-topping category. Jennie-O Turkey Store reported a stronger than expectedfourth quarter with operating profit of 15% and sales of 7%. Improved productmix, operational efficiencies and better recovery of higher costs throughpricing were the key drivers. The incremental burden of higher grain costs forJennie-O Turkey store were $29 million for the quarter. For the year, operatingprofit was down 17%, while sales were up 5%. Despite the year of distractions caused by difficult inputcosts, our Jennie-O Turkey Store management team stayed focused on growingtheir value-added portfolio. Value-added growth was up 10% for both the quarterand the year. Some of the items driving this growth include Jennie-O TurkeyStore Oven Ready Products, rotisserie products, premium deli products andturkey burgers in both the Retail and Food Service sections. We anticipate grain markets to continue to be volatilethrough 2008. It is our expectation that grain markets will be somewhat higherin 2008, causing feed costs to overall be $40 million higher than 2007. The Specialty Foods segment reported 5% top line growth inQ4. They finally ended their exceptional run of year-over-year improvement inoperating profits primarily due to a very difficult year ago comparison. Over the last two years, this segment has grown very fastand has become a significant contributor to our total company top and bottomline. The three businesses that make up this segment; Hormel SpecialtyProducts, Century Foods and Diamond Crystal Brands, all delivered excellentfull year results which contributed to the segment's top line growth of 26% andoperating profit growth of 27% in total 2007. As previously mentioned, we expect the long-term growth rateof this segment to be more in line with our total company goals of 5% top lineand 10% bottom line. In the All Other segment, our international business unithad another good quarter with sales up 22% and operating profits up 10%compared to last year. Value-added export sale growth, worldwide demand for theSPAM family of products and strong results from our Purefoods-Hormel jointventure located in the Philippineswere the key drivers. For the year, sales for international were up 26% andoperating profit was up 34%. Our SPAM export volume was up 14% for the year. As I look forward to 2008, I am confident we can return toour long-term growth objective of 10% earnings per share growth. I anticipate acombination of external factors to impact our business. On the negative side,we do expect to see continued pressure from higher grain and energy costs. Onthe positive side, we expect to see the benefit of lower protein and foodcosts. The demand for our products continues to be vibrant, both inthe retail and food service channel. Our focus on innovation has never beenstronger, as evidenced by the achievement of our $1 billion challenge goal twoyears ahead of schedule. For those of you not familiar with $1 billion dollarchallenge, we set a target that by the end of 2009 we wanted $1 billion worthof sales from items introduced during the decade. We surpassed the $1 billiongoal in 2007 sales alone. Now for the 2008 earnings guidance. Effective with 2008, wehave changed our earnings guidance practice to only provide annual guidance. Wefeel this is consistent with the long-term view the company takes in makingbusiness decisions. After assessing industry factors in our business plans andprospects for the upcoming year, we are setting our fiscal 2008 guidance rangeat $2.30 to $2.40 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen todiscuss our financial information.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Acquisitions added$40.4 million to the topline in the fourth quarter and about $100 million forthe year. Volume for the fourth quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, basically flatwith fiscal 2006 quarter. Acquisitions added 25 million pounds to the quarter. Volumefor the full fiscal year was 4.5 billion pounds, up 3% from fiscal 2006.Acquisitions added 59 million pounds to the year. Selling and delivery expenses in the fourth quarter were10.4% of sales this year, compared with 10.7% last year. For the full year,expenses were 10.6% of sales compared with 11.1% last year. Freight cost waslower year-over-year due to the benefit of cost-saving measures we implementedthroughout the year. As we look ahead to 2008, some of these benefits arelikely to be offset by higher fuel costs. We're expecting selling and deliveryexpenses to be closer to 11% of sales for next year. Our marketing investment in the fourth quarter was $18.9million or 1.1% of sales compared with $20.6 million or 1.3% of sales lastyear. For fiscal 2007, marketing expense was 1.8% of sales compared to 2% lastyear. We are expecting about 2% for fiscal 2008. Administrative and general expense was 2.3% of sales for thequarter compared to 2.9% last year. G&A expense for the full year was 2.6%compared to 3.2% last year. The fourth quarter expense includes $4.8 milliongain from the sale of our company airplane in 2007. Full year expenses in 2006 include $9.2 million of stockoption expense related to executive retirements and the adoption of FAS 123R, a$5.8 million of non-qualified pension plan settlement charges and a $2.3million gain from the sale of the company plane. We are expecting administrative and general expenses toaverage 2.7% of net sales in 2008. Interest expense for the quarter was $7.7million compared to $6.4 million last year. Short-term debt balances mostlyrelated to the Burke acquisition were higher throughout the quarter this yearcompared to fiscal 2006. Year-to-date interest expense is $27.7 million compared to$25.6 million last year. We expect interest expense to approximate $28 millionin fiscal 2008. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million,even with where we were at the end of 2006. We also ended the year with $70million outstanding on our short-term line of credit related to the Burkeacquisition. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $33million compared to $31 million last year. For the full year, depreciation andamortization was $127 million compared to $121 million last year. We expectdepreciation and amortization to be approximately $130 million in 2008. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 34.9%versus 36.2% in the fourth quarter of last year. The year-to-date effective taxrate was 35.8% compared to 33.5% last year. The full year tax rate was lower in2006 due primarily to discrete tax benefits recognized last year mostly relatedto the Medicare subsidy. Our initial projection for the effective tax rate in thefirst quarter of fiscal 2008 is a range of 36% to 37%. We are currentlyfinalizing the work associated with the adoption of FIN 48 and we'll have morevisibility into our expected full year tax rate at the end of the firstquarter. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $29 millioncompared to $34 million last year. For the full year, capital expenditurestotaled $126 million compared with $142 million last year. For 2008, we expectcapital expenditures to be approximately $145 million to $150 million. Theincrease is the result of plant expansions to meet expected consumer demand forvalue-added products. The adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting StandardsNo. 158 required the company to recognize the funded status of our benefitplans on our balance sheet this quarter. While the adoption of this accountingstandard had no impact on earnings, it did reduce shareholders' investment,other comprehensive income by $100 million and increased pension liabilities bya similar amount. It also increased our deferred tax assets, but that increasewas offset by a decrease in our net pension asset. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding forthe fourth quarter was $136 million and for the full year was $137 million. Thediluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the fourth quarterwas $138 million, and for the year, it was $139 million. We repurchased 1.1million shares of common stock during the fourth quarter at an average price of$35.63. For the full year, we repurchased 2.4 million sharescompared to 1.1 million shares repurchased during fiscal 2006. As I outlined at our Investor Day in October, we aretargeting share repurchases to be at level similar to our 2007 activity. Wehave 4.2 million shares remaining to be purchased from the 10 million shareauthorization currently in place. We processed 2.4 million hogs in the fourthquarter, which is even with last year. For the full year, we processed 9.4 million hogs compared to9.2 million last year. The actual live hog cost in the fourth quarter was $49per live hundred weight, in line with our forecasted market we provided in ourthird quarter conference call and basically the same as last year. Weanticipate an average market of $41 per live hundred weight for the firstquarter of fiscal 2008 compared to a $46 live hundred weight for the firstquarter in 2007. We expect the hog supply to increase approximately 2% in 2008. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to theoperator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin thequestion-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is fromFarha Aslam with Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam -Stephens Incorporated: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, Farha.
Jody Feragen: Good morning.
Farha Aslam -Stephens Incorporated: Congratulations on a good quarter.
Jeff Ettinger: Thank you.
Jody Feragen: Thank you.
Farha Aslam -Stephens Incorporated: This morning hog prices are limited, on top the China is seeking to buy more U.S. pork, could you comment onyour expectations of international pork demand and your thoughts on how pricesare going in for the full year '08?
Jody Feragen: As I had indicated in my portion of the call, Farah, Iexpect that for the first quarter the live hog prices would be about $41. Weare fully expecting that prices for proteins to be lower across the board thanthey were in fiscal 2007. I know there has been lots of speculation in aconjecture regarding demand coming out of China, but we just haven't seenthat so far.
Farha Aslam -Stephens Incorporated: Thank you. And when you talk about the $40 million increasein grain cost, at this point has your Turkey pricing that's in placeoffset the higher cost?
Jeff Ettinger: Yeah, lots of that's going to occur during the first half ofthe year because with the 22-week life cycle for the tom turkeys, even thoughgrain started going up last year in September, we weren't feeling that in ourproduct cost until mostly after the first quarter was over. And so, yes, thepricing activity we've been embarking on for the last couple of quarters is inplace to cover down as much as that we think is prudent.
Farha Aslam -Stephens Incorporated: Right. And if you look at what's assumed in terms of grainin that $40 million, could you just give us a ballpark of where you are seeingcorn and soybean meal is factored in there?
Jeff Ettinger: Corn's in the high $3.50 to $4.0 range and soy meal would bein the mid to upper mid 200 range.
Farha Aslam -Stephens Incorporated: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Chappell with SunTrustRobinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Shahzad: Hi, this is actually [Shahzad] in for Bill. Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, Shahzad.
Jody Feragen: Good morning.
Shahzad: So, recent pork packer margins are very strong. How shouldwe look at that as an impact on your Grocery Products business going forwardinto the first quarter and maybe in the second quarter?
Jody Feragen: We certainly would see a benefit from having those lowerprotein input costs to the Grocery Products segment, particularly our productutilizing pork such as SPAM.
Jeff Ettinger: For our total company model, the more significant area thatis going to show up would be Refrigerated Foods and Refrigerated Foods hasexcellent momentum now, I mean other 15% quarter and is in good shape headinginto early '08.
Shahzad: Okay. So, why do we expect a slow start in Grocery Products,I mean is that related to the VALLEY FRESH acquisition, that's been showingkind of softer results over the past few quarters?
Jeff Ettinger: That's one contributor. We've had a couple of quarters in arow. Our Grocery Products has had negative segment profit, and so we think we aregoing to get back to at least a neutral position. We're still on somewhat of an investment mode in thatdivision, particularly in terms of that COMPLEATS line as we spend againstproducts slotting and again racking systems and other items related to thatlaunch. And then, as we head into the second half of the year, we expect themto hit the stride and contribute at much more significant levels.
Shahzad: Looking at VALLEY FRESH though, what do we expect? I mean,are we going to see a turnaround maybe in the near future?
Jeff Ettinger: VALLEY FRESH, there has been two issues with it. One hasbeen a good segment of last year. Chicken prices were quite a bit higher thanwhat we had expected. That's moderated quite a bit, and so that would be abenefit to that franchise. And then secondly, as I think we discussed during InvestorDay somewhat, I mean we in retrospect feel there are promotional strategy onthat brand was not optimal and we kind of gone back to how VALLEY FRESH wassold prior to when we acquired it and we do expect that over time that thatwill benefit and get that franchise back where it belong.
Shahzad: Okay. And one last question here. Just future uses of cash,I mean, is the dividend really the one thing we were kind of looking for or shouldwe look for more to come in terms use of cash?
Jody Feragen: Well, I guess I'll go back to our stated uses of cash that Ithink we have gone over many times, and we are going to look at investing inour business, either organically or through acquisitions. We're going to lookto return to our shareholders, either through dividend increases, which I thinkwe've made a good start in that front with the announcement today, and thenalso in the area of share repurchase where I fully expect that we'll be repurchasingat a level equal to 2007. So, all in our attempt to try to take advantage ofthe capacity we have to improve our capital structure.
Shahzad: Sounds great. Congrats on the great quarter. Thank you.
Jody Feragen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia.Please go ahead.
John San Marco -Wachovia: Hello. Good morning, everyone. This is actually [John SanMarco] on behalf of Jonathan Feeney. Thanks for taking. A couple of quickquestions.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, John.
John San Marco -Wachovia: Just going back to pork cost, particularly in China, are you expecting to see any releasespecifically in Chinathere by the end of F '08 and are you anywhere closer to it? And are you seeingany improvements in the condition of the hog hood there?
Jeff Ettinger: It’s improving. Our costs have moderated in our Chinaventure. They were up almost double during one stretch of the year, and theywill come back may be 40% to 50% off of that, but they are still on ahistorical basis high. We don't raise hogs in China, but obviously we have someconnection with the folks who do, and we are hearing it's improving. But it's adifficult place to get complete information, but we are optimistic about thatunit's ability to deliver decent results even with these markets.
John San Marco -Wachovia: Great. And then sort of as a follow-up there, it seems likehere domestically, you've benefited from lower pork prices, particularly inrefrigerated. Do you expect that the pricing increases you have taken in recentyears to be sticky there or would you expect to have to give some of thatpricing back if pork continued to be deflationary year-over-year?
Jeff Ettinger: The pork pricing really has two parts to it. I mean thereare market-based items like fresh pork and a lot of the mid-tier ham sales, theprogram bacon sales that frankly ride up and down more on a demand market thanthey do on what our cost of goods are. I mean you get as much margin as you canout of those types of items. In terms of refrigerated items, we've been very strategicand methodical about where to take price increases, and it isn't just grain, itisn't just pork input that causes that equation. We are looking at energy cost.We look at general price inflation. And so, we are comfortable about ourability to hold those prices.
John San Marco -Wachovia: Okay. That's great. That's all I have. Thank you.
Jeff Ettinger: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with JP Morgan.Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning. This is actually Akshay on Pablo's behalf. Howare you doing?
Jeff Ettinger: Good morning.
Jody Feragen: Good morning.
Akshay Jagdale: A couple of questions. First one is related to refrigeratedfruits and just a follow-up to some other questions. You've said in the pastthat margins in refrigerated foods are pretty stable. I mean they can be stickyon the way down. We’re just trying to get an idea of the upside to themargins in refrigerated foods, given the expectations for lower hog prices. Imean the highest margins we’ve seen over the years was about 6% in '04, andthis quarter matched that. So, just trying to see how much of the upside inlower hog price can be sustained for '08 if you could us any guidance aroundthat or help us try to understand that a little better?
Jody Feragen: I think when we look at the refrigerated foods segment on anormalized year-over-year basis, we look at 5.5% to 6.5% return for thatbusiness unit segment to be in their normalized range.
Akshay Jagdale: So, as I understand, I mean in your investor event, you hadsaid 5% to 6% for '08 I believe for refrigerated foods. I mean, does youroutlook for hogs now change that? I mean if you are at 5.5% to 6.5%, midpointof 6%, which is the high-end of your range. So, has that changed in terms ofyour expectations for '08?
Jody Feragen: I perhaps gave the rounding estimate, but I would say we'reoff to a good start so far this year, and it probably isn't unreasonable at thehigher end of the 5% to 6% that we'd given you on Investor Day.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And then just on Jennie-O Turkey, I mean I know you'vetalked about this in the past and you gave quite a bit of detail in yourinvestor packet, but if you could just remind us in terms of normalized marginsthere, maybe even what will be better is if you could tell us what EBIT perpound would be in that business in normalized terms. I mean I know you said $80 million in grain cost increase.Most of that is probably related to Turkey, and I think the math that Idid based on price increases that you were expecting shows that you're going tomore than offset that. So if you -- sort of two questions, if you would answerthose, that would be great.
JeffEttinger: Okay. I don't know that I could help you on that EBIT bypound. I just don't have that available. Our expectations for segment profitfor Jennie-O Turkey Store would be in the 9% to 10% range. In terms of pricing,the larger number, the $80 million number was the full year feed impact for2007. It's hard to calculate because you have so many mix changesgoing on as well. But our best estimate is that we covered down maybetwo-thirds to three-quarters of that. So, we don't believe we were able toprice to cover all of it. But the unit did a nice job of attaining otheroperating efficiencies in their farm areas and their plant areas that coveredon the rest and allow us to have the momentum you saw heading into fourthquarter.
Akshay Jagdale: And just last one, if I may. If you could just also give ussome sense of the value-added opportunity in the Turkey business, I mean, again fromthe numbers that we have, value-added was about 42% of volume in '06 I believe.Where is that now and where do you see that going a year from now, two yearsfrom now?
Jeff Ettinger: That may be about the right number on volume because we tendto not count whole bird sales other than [urban ready] is being value-added. Interms of dollar sales, it's already at a 70% to 75% rate of our sales. Butthere is lots of upside, I mean it's still of the four major proteins by farthe lowest per capital consumption. I think we're going to finally see an upnumber from the USTA this year in terms of Turkey consumption given themarkets we saw and given the supply situation. And Jennie-O Turkey Store is really the kind of undisputedleader when it comes to the value-added portion of it. So, we have focusedgroups against retail, deli and foods service at Jennie-O and they are allgrowing at a high single-digit, even in some cases low double-digit rate andwe've seen that now from quite sometime.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Ramey with D.A. Davidson.Please go ahead.
Tim Ramey: Good morning, congratulations.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, Tim.
Tim Ramey: You sighted the value-added business in Jennie-O TurkeyStore and that clearly was the upside surprise. But how did the whole birdbusiness do and how is sort of the holiday ham business coming through for you?
Jeff Ettinger: Hormel business, it did well. The market value this year isjust even on the more commodity side, the whole birds are higher than they werelast year and our OVEN READY franchise continues to grow, it's up another 40%or it's just a fourth year of that being in market and we just kind of keep nobowling it forward, so that's contributed nicely to margins. Some of the Turkeyeffect comes through Q1, I mean particularly the fresh sales for theThanksgiving and any Christmas related sales and those are looking good, are ina decent clean up position in terms of our inventories. And same really can betrue on the ham side, we've been running our plans very hard, but they were ingood shape to fulfill our customers needs in those items and so we'reoptimistic and that's part of our encouraging thoughts towards the RefrigeratedFoods start of the year.
Tim Ramey: And, Jeff just clarify, I was little confused by the lastquestion. Did you say that the incremental cost of grain in '08 over '07 was$40 million or zero?
Jeff Ettinger: No, we gave two numbers and I am sorry if that caused someconfusion. The $80 million number is our best estimate for the total yeareffect in the fiscal year, that's now on the book. The $40 million number isour estimate of grain cost increases yet to roll through '08 versus '07 andthat related to what I mentioned before about how first quarter, we still havesome catch up to do on cost versus '07.
Tim Ramey: Okay. So saying that in another way an incremental cost of$40 million next year, is that correct?
Jeff Ettinger: Yes.
Tim Ramey: Okay, terrific. Thank you.
Jeff Ettinger: Mostly in the first half of the year.
Tim Ramey: Terrific.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler with MerrillLynch. Please go ahead.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Good morning Diane.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Congratulations on your quarter.
Jeff Ettinger: Thank you.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Hey, I have a question on your stands on the quarterlyguidance. I appreciate getting people to look at your business from a long-termperspective, but the reality of the situation is street looks at things kind ofquarter-to-quarter and you are not a commodity company and your valuation isnot added kind of a commodity level versus some of your competitors in theprotein space. So I guess my question is, I don't expect commoditycompanies to kind of give me guidance, but for a company that has a valuationlike yours and has a big skew of their business in kind of non-commodityrelated items, I guess I am just trying to understand the move away fromquarterly guidance?
Jeff Ettinger: We looked at our peer group and we look predominately atmore the package food peers, our information indicated that they were down toabout 25% to 30% that we are still giving quarterly guidance since that wassomething that our board looked at when we made a determination. We do believeour business over time with our balanced model provides a decent amount ofstability quarter-to-quarter. I think our thrust is really in us not advancing and tryingat all times to hit against the quarter numbers. But to be more consistent withhow we run our company which is more on a full year or a longer term basis.Clearly, if we were to see some major than occurring business encompass by ourannual guidance, then we would be expecting to inform our investment communityof that type of thing, but absence that we think the transition should be fine.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. I will appreciate a little bit more claritythere as to the reasoning behind it. I guess that kind of brings up fourthquarter kind of what the guidance you had reiterated at your Analyst Day at thebeginning of October. Was October just that much better than you hadanticipated? Was that primarily what happened in the hog markets that causedyou to be above the end, the high end of your range?
Jeff Ettinger: And the big change is we're on the protein sides of ourbusiness, both Jennie-O Turkey Store and Refrigerated Foods. It's an importanttime of the year for both of those businesses. And so, when we saw the kind ofsignificance in both, volume enhancement and margin enhancement in those areasthat really led to us ending up the year stronger than what we had expected asof early October.
Jody Feragen: And we started the quarter with the hog markets kind of in atopsy-turvy mode and didn't see that the impact of that would turn as quicklyas it did towards the end of the quarter.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay. Well, just the volatility is pretty extreme in thatspace right now. And then I guess you had indicated in your commentary that theBurke acquisition was accretive. Could you give us an idea about to what levelit was? I mean I know it's a sort of smaller business, but --?
Jeff Ettinger: It was maybe [in the] quarter.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay. Is that ahead where you thought it would be?
Jeff Ettinger: Just about what we thought. It's doing very nicely.
Jody Feragen: And we really only had two months of activity with thatbusiness on our book. So I would expect it to return refrigerated food typemargins on the higher end.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. Well, that was really all I had. Have agreat Thanksgiving.
Jeff Ettinger: You too.
Jody Feragen: You too.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with CreditSuisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Hi. Good afternoon.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, Robert.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Hi. I was just wondering, so you gave guidance on cost ofwhat's inflation for fiscal '08 at 3% to 3.5%. That sounded kind of lowcompared to other food companies that we are seeing. Maybe some of this is --the low number has to do with protein prices. Do you have an updated number forus or have you seen anything different?
Jody Feragen: We really haven't updated that number. In fact, we areseeing that the protein markets are perhaps a little lower than what we hadoriginally estimated. Now, that has been offset by some increase in energycosts. And I'll have to put the pen and paper and see if there is significantchange. But right now, my plans still include that range.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. And in turkey, you know, I am looking at freshprices and I know you have a great value-added business, but the freshcomponent does play in. Fresh [ham] breasts are down sequentially from itshighest, like 375 a pound and now tracking, I guess, closer to 295 a pound. Andit was 295 a pound, maybe now at $2 now. Tender is down as well. Are you seeingsimilar numbers flowing through for yourselves and how do you view that? Is ita function of a lower priced market or not?
Jeff Ettinger: Well, I mean, it's uneven a lot. For example, when we reallyget down to selling meat on a commodity basis, the dark meat parts of theturkey are much more significant for our business and the thigh market isreally quite strong now even on year-over-year basis. There are some of whole bird and breast items that arelower. For this time of the year, the whole bird pricing, a lot of those pricesare set earlier in the year. A lot of them are delivered even earlier in theyear. It really depends on what the retailer wants to do. And so, whatever thecoated market ends up being at the very end of the year, there isn't a largepercentage of our volume that's actually sold on that basis.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Okay. And your chicken competitors, I guess they are kind ofcompetitors, I mean they've made some rather aggressive statements about howmuch they intend to dial-up production during the course of the year.Historically, have you seen any kind of reaction in the turkey markets whenchicken is doing sometime like that?
Jeff Ettinger: Not really. I mean the one year that would be the exceptionto that would be back when there was a foreign embargo on the early part of thedecade. And at some point, if there is so much meat backing up into our system,it affects all proteins. But the chicken has much quicker turnaround. We'veseen it up. We've seen it down over the last few years, and turkey seems to beable to be much more steady and not have a big reaction against that. Again, if you look at it from a retailer standpoint, I meanchicken is the feature item that's a major ad driver for the retailer. Turkey,frankly is not. It's a very nice niche item. We have very loyal consumers inour area. But aside from Thanksgiving, Turkey is -- I mean we are not adriver of the feature item in most retail outlets.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jeff Ettinger: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christina McGlone with DeutscheBank. Please go ahead.
Christina McGlone -Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi, Christina.
Jody Feragen: Good morning.
Christina McGlone -Deutsche Bank: Just taking a look at growth rate, I was surprised to seekind of negative price revelation, given the price increase that you took atthe end of the April. Why was that? Why did that occur?
Jeff Ettinger: Pretty significant promotional spending, and that comes outof pricing. I mean we have often done the price increase as we did discuss arebeing reflected on the marketplace. So we have eat up in some of the areasagainst certain items and that ultimately ended up not only contracting thesales price quoted, but margins for the whole division.
Christina McGlone -Deutsche Bank: And so, Jeff, when you talk about a slow start to grocery,and following up on a previous question, do you mean in terms of top line orare you talking about operating profit because of the lag in realizing thelower raw material, the lower protein price there or is it the combination ofboth?
Jeff Ettinger: It’s more of the profit side that we are talking about. Imean, we are just trying to be cautious and realistic in relation that we havehad two quarters in a row of negative segment profit return year-over-year. Ouroutlook would be able to flatten that out in the first half. We’ll see a little less growth on the top side than we wouldhave otherwise because of the divestiture we mentioned of Patak's. And it wasnot a significant profit contributor, but it's about $6 million in sales overthe course of the year. And so, that will be out of the mix as well.
Christina McGlone -Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then most of the packaged food companies are kindof their growth algorithm has changed, where you really see strong top linegrowth and then really no operating margin improvement. So it's kind of thecritical top line growth leading to the same sort of operating profit growth,and then financial leverage. But you are guiding to your long-term targetswhere you do see operating leverage. Can maybe you talk about your balancedmodel and how that enables to get that sort of operating leverage when a lot ofthe packaged foods peers are unable to?
Jeff Ettinger: I think it's really may be less the balanced model and morerelated to areas such as innovation. That when we bring out new products, weare always looking to really add elements of convenience, flavor whatever tothe consumer, but we are also looking to price it accordingly and expect tohave those margins (inaudible) items that have been in the market either a longtime or items that have a lot of competitors in the same space. And one of the things we mentioned in our release was, I'vetalked about a $1 billion challenge. I mentioned a number of items, although wehaven't had any home runs in terms of new products, we have a lot of items thatare kicking in $20 million, $40 million, $80 million, $60 million in annualsales at very significant margin enhancement and so that's adding to ourability to leverage it down to bottom line.
Christina McGlone -Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just one last question. I think at theInvestor Day, you had said that working capital would be, I think, neutral nextyear in terms of cash flow, but it looks like inventories finished a littlehigher than I would expect. I'm just curious if that's still your guidance interms of neutral working capital next year?
Jody Feragen: To the extent that we have acquisitions, you're probablygoing to see slightly more working capital in the inventory and accountsreceivable area booked at about $30 million to $35 million in the current assetside of things. Seen a little bit of higher inventories at Jennie-O because ofthe grain inputs into the Turkeys, but that sometimes is a cyclical thing aswell, so I would model it flat to up slightly.
Christina McGlone -Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next comes from Eric Larson with Piper Jaffray. Pleasego ahead.
Eric Larson: Yeah. Good morning. Congratulation on a good quarter andyear everyone.
Jeff Ettinger: Thank you, Eric.
Eric Larson: Jeff, one of the things that your organization made somepretty good strides on in 2007, are you selling delivery expenses, youradministrative general expenses as a percent on some of those, they are thelowest spend since prior to 2001. Also your marketing spending as a percent of sales was thefirst time below 2% that we've seen in a long time as well. Can you talk aboutthe expenses, those expense ratios, are they sustainable? And then on the marketing side, I don't know if you got theabsolute dollars are sufficient, the dropping as a percent of sales. But do youfeel you have sufficient stimulus against your brands to keep the marketing[progress] go on?
Jeff Ettinger: Let me take the marketing question first, and then, Jody Ithink, will talk to more of the SG&A side. We really would expect our marketingspend to be more back up to the 2% level. We did defer a couple of programsthat we had originally anticipated running in fourth quarter. We deferred an ad campaign against SPAM once only becausewe're going to be rolling out SPAM singles on a national basis, and we wantedto give our sales force adequate time to gain the kind of distribution it needsto really make that spend worthwhile. And we also deferred some of the Jennie-O Turkey Storeadvertising in part because of the year they have been having and in partbecause their early focus in advertising gone up and ready, and we found thatit really works just as well to have that advertising in the two to three weektimeframe right before Thanksgiving as oppose to kicking it off in September, Octoberas we did in prior years. So on that piece, you should see some moresignificant growth in the marketing side in 2008.
Jody Feragen: And then I guess if I were to address the selling anddelivery costs, we've made several acquisitions, we've launched many newproducts and we've done that with a pretty steady base of sales peopledelivering those same results, so certain leverage in that area. We've alsotaken advantage of some great programs in the logistics area to reduce ourcosts of delivering products to our customers, so certainly some great workinternally. From the whole G&A aspect, last year certainly had someunusual costs and we've outlined those before for you. I would take advantageof leveraging those assets as we move forward and gain scale on the top line.And we are obviously always looking for ways we can cut costs.
Eric Larson: Okay, thanks. And maybe I missed it, but Tim Ramey didn'tgive his wine picks this year for Thanksgiving unless I missed that.
Jeff Ettinger: Well, maybe there will be a follow-up e-mail.
Eric Larson: All right, okay. Happy Turkey to everyone.
Jeff Ettinger: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Wood with StifelNicolaus. Please go ahead.
Oliver Wood: Great, thank you. Nice quarter.
Jeff Ettinger: Thanks, Oliver.
Jody Feragen: Thanks.
Oliver Wood: I feel like I'm kind of beating a dead horse here. But justgetting back to these live hog markets, it seems like currently there's, what Iwould characterize is way too many hogs out there, that margins are fairlyterrific on the packing side. But given the size of the breeding herd, justtrying to understand how this market is going to rebalance?
Jody Feragen: I guess we are calling for the live prices to be under wherethey were for full year 2007. My visibility into the first quarter of 2008 putsit at about 41. I am not sure that I am answering your question, but I wasn’tsure where it was going either.
Oliver Wood: Well, I am trying to get a sense for if there is just toomany breeders out there. Are we going to get balance from export marketspicking up or is there some sort of big regression that is to happen justwithin the actual mechanics of that market?
Jody Feragen: Well, from the breeder standpoint, they invested a lot ininfrastructure and that's something that you don't turn off, perhaps as fast aschicken producers can. So, I think they have had some several good years in arow of profits on the producing side, and my expectation is that they will planon hanging in there and the protein will have to be clear in the market beforethat changes.
Oliver Wood: So the market is in a better position to sustain losses?
Jody Feragen: I think from the producer standpoint, they have had severalgood years of profitability in raising it.
Oliver Wood: Well, sounds like good news for you guys. And then justwanted to clarify with guidance, does that include any benefit of acquisitionsor would that be incremental?
Jody Feragen: We typically don't include any acquisitions in our planningprocess and forecast. Long term, we'll say that we are going to grow the topline 5 and bottom line 10, and a portion of that will come from acquisitions.But our near-term guidance for 2008 does not include any acquisition.
Oliver Wood: Okay. Great.Thank you very much.
Jeff Ettinger: Thanks, Oliver.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is follow up from Tim Ramey. Please goahead.
Jeff Ettinger: Operator, we're coming to [wind up] here.
Tim Ramey: Well, by popular demand, I think the thing that you want tohave with your Jennie-O Turkey Store Oven Ready Turkey would be an organ keenon a war, both patriotic and luscious to have with that whole bird. So we willgive our guidance once a year only as well.
Jody Feragen: Thank you, Tim.
Operator: And at this time, I am showing no additional questions inthe queue. I would like to turn the call back over to management for anyconcluding remarks they may have.
Jeff Ettinger: Well, this is Jeff, Andrew, I just want to thank you forjoining us on our call today. Hopefully by moving from Wednesday to Tuesday,that was beneficial for everyone in terms their holidays getaways, and we lookforward to working with you in the future.
Jody Feragen: Happy Thanksgiving.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Hormel Foodsfourth quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect, and we thankyou for using ACT Conferencing.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-08-23 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded today, Thursday, August 23rd, 2007. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Fred Halvin, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Fred Halvin: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2007. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 AM along with our announcement of our acquisition of Burke Corporation. If you do not receive a copy of these releases, you can find them on our website at www.hormel.com under the Investor section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jody Feragen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results and an outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. Then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for question-and-answer following Jody's remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning 11:30 AM Central Time today, August 23rd, 2007. The dial-in number is 800-405-2236 and the access code is 11094727. It will also be posted on our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I first need to reference the Safe Harbor statements. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and the market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 26 to 31 in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ending April 29th, 2007 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning everyone. As previously announced, higher than expected input costs within our Grocery Products segment caused the company to fall short of our original expectations for the quarter. While we are disappointed with the overall results, we were encouraged by the 6% growth in consolidated segment operating profit led by strong year-over-year performance in Refrigerated Foods, Specialty Foods and the International division. We were also satisfied with Jennie-O Turkey Store's progress in offsetting steep grain cost increases through higher pricing. Sales in the quarter for the total company reached $1.5 billion, up 8% from the prior year and up 7% excluding acquisition. Our earnings per share for the quarter were $0.41 compared to $0.43 last year, a decrease of 5%. Higher corporate expenses and an increased tax rate contributed to the year-over-year decrease in earnings. It should be noted that last year's expenses and tax rate were lower than normal and this year's expenses are more typical. This morning, we are pleased to announce the purchase of Burke Corporation, a manufacturer of pizza-toppings and other fully-cooked meat products. Hormel Foods is already a leader in the pepperoni category and this acquisition strengthens our position in the pizza-toping category. It allows us to expand our foodservice product offerings and provides us with added manufacturing capabilities. We are excited to welcome the employees of Burke Corporation into the Hormel Foods organization and believe our similar cultures will facilitate an easy transition. Bill Burke Jr., one of the previous owners will continue to run the business. Annual sales are $125 million and we expect the business to be accretive to our fiscal 2008 results. I will now take you though each of our existing segments. The Grocery Products segment had a mixed quarter. On the plus side, we continue to see significant distribution gains and sales growth from our HORMEL COMPLEATS microwave trays. Our television advertising has just begun for this line and I am extremely excited about the continued growth prospects for this line of convenience products. The SPAM family of products also reported double-digit volume growth, behind promotional programs associated with the 70th year anniversary of this iconic brand. On a negative side for GP, much of the growth generated by COMPLEATS and SPAM was offset by lower sales in our VALLEY FRESH chunk chicken, chili and CHI-CHI'S sauce businesses. Higher input cost also negatively affected parts of our business including SPAM, chunk chicken and HORMEL bacon bits. We expect Grocery Products will continue to experience higher input cost in the fourth quarter. While we were disappointed with the third quarter performance of the Grocery Products, we are encouraged by the year-to-date results for the division. Q3 quarter's sales were up nearly 5% and operating profit is up 9%. The Refrigerated Food segment had another great quarter, reporting a 9% increase in sales and a 23% increase in profits. Value-added product growth in our Meat Products and Foodservices businesses drove the top line and bottom line results. On the retail side of the business, our focus on feature and display activity yielded exceptional results for items such as HORMEL party trays, HORMEL refrigerated entrees, ALWAYS TENDER flavored meats and DILUSSO DELI COMPANY products. We also saw the benefit of our price increase that was implemented during the quarter for select categories in the Meat Products division. Our Hormel NATURAL CHOICE Deli sandwich meats continue to do very well. They have already achieved the number 3 position in the Premium Lunch Meat category after only 15 months since our market launch. This reflects the consumer appeal of all of our all natural no preservative product positioning. We continue to aggressively support this item in the form of national advertising and consumer promotions, and sales were up 74% in the quarter versus the prior year. The Foodservice division continues to deliver outstanding performance, with top line sales up 12%. Double-digit growth was reported by BREAD READY sliced meats, AUSTIN BLUES BBQ, pizza-toppings and premium bacon. As previously mentioned the acquisition of Burke Corporation will further strengthen our position in the high growth category of pizza-toppings. Jennie-O Turkey Store sales were up 4% and operating profit was down 19% for the quarter. While we have not fully offset all of the higher grain cost, we have certainly narrowed the gap. Based on our progress we made in the third quarter, we expect next quarter to achieve similar results to last year. The incremental burden of higher year-over-year feed cost in the third quarter for Jennie-O Turkey store was $26 million. We were able to offset all but $5 million of this through price increases, mix improvements with value-added sales up 8% and efficiency gains. Because of the continued strong demand for turkey and the industry disciplined approach to production, we continue to see strong commodity meat market. The latest Freeze report published yesterday shows frozen turkey inventories down 2% compared to last year, and down 18% compared to the 5-year average. We believe grain markets will continue to be volatile and it's our expectation that the corn market will range from $3.25 to $3.50 per bushel for the balance of our fiscal year. The Specialty Food segment continued its run of strong year-over-year performance, reporting a 28% increase in operating profits. All three businesses reporting within the segment, Diamond Crystal Brands, our Specialty Products division and Century Foods again contributed to the gains. A combination of improved product mix and volume gains were the drivers behind these strong results. As we have previously mentioned, we do not expect this rate of growth to continue for Specialty Foods. Our long-term growth expectations for this segment are in-step with our company wide goals of 5% top line and 10% operating profit growth. In the All Other segment, our International business unit posted another excellent quarter, with sales up 27% and operating profits up 67% compared to last year. We continue to enjoy success building worldwide demand for the SPAM family of products and STAGG chili. Strong results were also reported by our Purefoods-Hormel joint venture located in the Philippines. Favorable raw material cost and higher selling prices were the drivers behind these improved results from Purefoods-Hormel. Our China operation is performing significantly below last year's results, because of the live hog shortage caused by disease issues in China. It is unclear exactly how long the shortage of live hogs will continue. In the meantime, we will push for higher pricing to pass through the increased pork input cost. I would say, overall is a mixed quarter. We have momentum in several of our core protein and grocery brands, but have seen some margin contraction in the face of commodity inflation. We remain focused on long-term objectives of the company to grow the business through innovations and to build upon our market share position in our key categories. As stated in the press release, we are providing a fourth quarter guidance range of $0.62 to $0.68 and a full year range of $2.06 and $2.12 per share. This includes our expectation that higher input cost will continue to pressure Grocery Products margins and we expect to see a slowdown in the year-over-year performance of our Specialty Product segment. At this time, I will turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information.
Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning everyone. Earnings for the fiscal 2007 third quarter totaled $57.4 million or $0.41 per share compared to the $59.6 million or $0.43 per share a year ago. Earnings for the nine months of fiscal 2007 totaled $200.7 million or $1.44 per share compared to $196.1 million or $1.41 per share a year ago. Dollar sales for the third quarter totaled $1.5 billion compared to $1.4 billion last year, an 8% increase. Acquisitions added about $17 million to the top line in the third quarter. For the first three quarters of 2007, dollar sales also increased 8% to $4.5 billion compared to $4.2 billion last year. Acquisitions added about $60 million to the top line in the first nine months. Volume for the third quarter was £1.1 billion, up 0.5% from fiscal 2006. Acquisitions added £9.6 million to the quarter. Volume for the first 3 quarters of year was £3.3 billion, up 4% from fiscal 2006. Acquisitions added about £34 million to the first 3 quarters of the year. Selling and delivery expenses in the third quarter were 10.4% of sales this year, compared with 11.2% last year. And year-to-date, the expenses were 10.7% of sales compared with 11.3% last year. Freight costs continue to be lower year-over-year, driven by cost saving initiatives that we have implemented. Our marketing investment in the third quarter was $29.1 million or 1.9% of sales compared with $29.2 million or 2.1% of sales last year. For the first 3 quarters of fiscal 2007, marketing expense was 2.1% of sales compared to 2.3% last year. We expect marketing expenses in the fourth quarter to be higher than last year, which will bring our full year results' expense above 2006. Administrative and general expense was 2.7% of sales for the quarter compared to 2.8% last year. For the first 9 months of fiscal 2007, these expenses were 2.7% compared to 3.3% last year. Year-to-date expenses in 2006 included a $9.2 million of stock option expense related to the adoption of FAS 123R and $6.3 million of non-qualified pension plan settlement charges. We expect administrative and general expenses to remain at their current levels for the remainder of the year. Interest expense for the quarter was $6.6 million and flat to last year. Year-to-date interest expense is $20 million compared to $19.1 million last year. We expect full year interest expense to be about $27 million. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million compared with $361 million last year. We expect no change in long-term debt. We used short-term borrowings from our credit facility to finance the Burke acquisition that we announced today. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31 million compared to $30 million last year. For the first three quarters of fiscal 2007, depreciation and amortization was $94 million compared to $90 million last year. We expect the full year to about a $125 million. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 36.5% versus 32% in fiscal 2006. Our year-to-date effective tax rate is 36.2% compared to 32.2% last year. The higher effective tax rate for the quarter and year-to-date is due to unfavorable discrete events this year compared to the favorable discrete tax benefits that were recognized in fiscal 2006. We expect the effective tax rate to be in the range of 35.4% to 35.8% in the fourth quarter which will equate to a full year effective tax rate in the range of 35.8% to 36.2%. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $27 million compared to $44 million last year. For the first nine months of the year, capital expenditures totaled $97 million compared with a $108 million last year. For 2007, we expect capital expenditures to total about a $135 million. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was a $137 million and for the first nine months of the year was a $138 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the third quarter was a 139 million and for the year, a 140 million. We repurchased 980,000 shares of common stock during the third quarter at an average price of $37.01. We have 5.3 million shares remaining to be purchased from our 10 million share authorization that's currently in place. We processed 2.3 million hogs in the quarter, about even with last year. For the first nine months of the year, we processed 7 million hogs compared to 6.8 million last year. The actual live hog cost in the third quarter was $55 per live 100 weights, inline with the forecasted market we provided in our second quarter conference call. This compared with an average live price of $53 for the same period last year. We are anticipating an average market of about $49 per live 100 weights for the fourth quarter, about the same as last year. We continue to expect a slight increase in hog supplies for 2007. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam: Hi. Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi Farha.
Jody H. Feragen: Good morning.
Farha Aslam: Hey, could you just share with us the weakness in your chili and chicken lines? Was it related to a early buying due to your price increases or something like that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: In the case of chili, we really have had somewhat of a roller coaster year in Grocery Product if you look at a quarter-to-quarter... I mean even as a whole division, Grocery Products had an excellent second quarter and the two chili franchises were key contributors there. Q3, the volumes are definitely are down and it could... looks... looking at it retrospectively, like there was certainly with some of that volume in Q2 that's been detracted from Q3 volume. And in the case of the chunk chicken franchises again it is a little bit of a mix story. The Hormel branded items are still holding their own. We had a weaker quarter on VALLEY FRESH and we kind of reassess our pricing and promotion strategy against that line and look for that improve going forward.
Farha Aslam: And when you look at pricing overall in Grocery Products; Jeff, you talked about, I believe a 5% price increase in April and historically, you only take pricing in that business once every few years. But given the higher commodity environment, would you anticipate taking another price increase in Grocery Products?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. If the current commodity conditions continue, we are certainly going to have to have that in our consideration set. The other thing we can look at Farha, as you recall, we didn't take it across the board in Grocery Products. So we were selective about which items we went up with at that time. We took the chili up, we took COMPLEATS, hash commodities [ph] some of the microwave cups, but some of the other items we deferred taking pricing and so again that will have to be in our consideration set going forward here, so whether those items now, we need to react as well.
Farha Aslam: And can you moderate promotional support that you give these businesses as well to try and mitigate some of the impact from higher commodity costs?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, you can't, but it is a balancing act. I mean you don't lease our high contributing gross margin items in general on a contribution dollar level, and so if we pull back from promotions aggressively and see major volume declines and that's going to hurt the division's overall results as well. So we are trying to balance the right level of promotion. We are also over time trying to migrate some of those promotional dollars into consumer advertising. You will see that happening somewhat in the fourth quarter as this is a complete television campaign. We will have a year-over-year increase in media and marketing during the fourth quarter, but it's something we definitely look at; but you have to kind of balance that against the other factors.
Farha Aslam: Okay, that's helpful. And just on your Burke acquisition, kind of what level of accretion could you expect or what sort of margins does that business have?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: On the accretion level, given what, that was so late in '07 and we are not in a position to give our total company '08 guidance, we are not going to go out and give a specific number for what type of accretion we are expecting on Burke. We'll give you some sense of that when we do go out with our '08 number at the normal timeframe. Its solid margining business, our Foodservice Group has always been an excellent performance within Refrigerated Foods and it is a growth area in both the pizza-topping business that we already had within our Refrigerated Group more focused on pepperoni and the Burke business have both been growing in the high single-digits over last several years and we expect that to continue. Pizza is a huge category and pizza-toppings obviously are a key component of that category. It's a very fragmented category from the sales standpoint, so our scaling up in this area should give us some excellent opportunity.
Farha Aslam: Great, thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Chappell with SunTrust; please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is actually Shahsad [ph] in for Bill Chappell, good morning guys.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning, Shahsad [ph].
Jody H. Feragen: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: My first question is just related to China and really it's running around the whole hog situation over there and maybe how that affects pricing and maybe what's your take on all of that is, if you could comment on that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Definitely. We agree based on what we see from our people on the ground in China that the live issue is a significant problem. It's probably... almost certainly been underreported on a government basis in that country, that's we talked about that in terms of our results of our international division of $80 million, a doubling in their cost in terms of hog procurement to supply our Beijing and Shanghai facilities. That being said, I think it is important to note that, in the terms of aggregate Hormel Foods, it's a little less significant to us than maybe it is to some other players. We are not a big player in raising hogs, overall we raise in our hogs to meet our value-add demand and don't look to sell commodity or surplus meat on the outside. And we really don't have a large portion of international sales that are export basis on the fresh side. The market I think has been buffeted over last few weeks by speculation about what China is going to do about this and whether they would potentially import significant amount of products out of the U.S., time will tell whether that will happen. I guess personally I never underestimate the impact of politics and there are a lot of political reasons why China may well not seek to secure a lot of supply out of the United States. And then, but even if they do and the market therefore goes up in this country, we feel we are in a position to react. We've been through up markets and down markets before and the hog cycle and then we are ready for that as that turns out to be how this plays out.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you. I appreciate that. One last question here on the Burke acquisition, would you say that its operating margins are similar to where your Refrigerated Food segment currently performs, maybe like around mid single-digits, can you comment on that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It will be accretive to that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Ramey with D. A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Timothy S. Ramey: Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi Tim.
Timothy S. Ramey: You mentioned $55 live cost, Smithfield earlier said $53.50, often times I guess that's an eastern corn belt or western corn belt difference in terms of costs. Is there anything else going on there that you would be aware of?
Jody H. Feragen: Tim hi, this is Jody. That's what we actually paid for the quarter. So I am not sure where their number came from, but I can report that that's the numbers that we used.
Timothy S. Ramey: Okay, and --
Jody H. Feragen: I think pretty close to what, I think we estimated a $54 in the second quarter call, so we were pretty close to what our estimate was.
Timothy S. Ramey: Sounds good. As we think about the China situation that if it hits juxtapose you again to Hormel, but... or to the Smithfield but it was just an hour ago, they said they thought that there was potential for a 4% increase in demand as a result of exports to China. That would be negative for Refrigerated, how would it play out as you kind of think through your business segments?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: In Refrigerated, it would quite be more a matter of timing, whether as a precipitous rise versus the gradual rise, we certainly have that situation before where it rises very quickly that there is a little bit of lag on those types on a fresh meat side of pricing. The bigger impact would probably on the Grocery side.
Timothy S. Ramey: Yes.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Again it's on select items, the raw materials we use for SLAM or bacon bits.
Timothy S. Ramey: Okay. And Jeff you talked a little about the Burke margins. Would they be pretty consistent with Grocery Product margins overall or at the high or low end of the range there?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess I could say a high single-digit would be what we should be thinking.
Timothy S. Ramey: Okay. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: So good margins within the Meat Protein segment, but not to Grocery level.
Timothy S. Ramey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Christina McGlone: Good morning.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning.
Christina McGlone: Jeff,your outlook for corn at the balance of the year was higher than I thought. Are you... is it based on where you are locked in, are you expecting corn prices to rise as the fiscal year progresses?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I guess that we will need to make sure we are taking about the same number. We are kind of trying to give you a near term futures number and we gave a range of 325 to 350, yesterday they were 347, so if anything they are pushing the upper end of our range at the moment. We do also have a certain amount of crop locked in. We really haven't had a practice of disclosing either the price or the percentage that entails, but the range we are giving you is for the open market purchases.
Christina McGlone: Okay. And then last quarter you had talked about kind of a lot of rationality in the chili market and that allowed you to get a better return on your promotional spending, did that kind of follow-up this quarter?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: No.
Christina McGlone: In terms of --
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. What did follow-up was our volume performance. But the margin performance was still quite strong.
Christina McGlone: But I mean in terms of the competitive climate?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. I think the picture is similar to what we talked about last quarter that what were new entrants to the category that were very significant plays three years ago have now become kind of normalized, Campbell's and Bush have certain niches, where they are holding their own and others were frankly, they are not doing all that well and probably struggling the whole distribution. And then there has always been other regional competitors within the chili category there that also are holding their own. But overall, we've seen a significant swing back to more normalized return within the chili franchise.
Christina McGlone: Okay. And I guess just last question, are you still promoting, is the SPAM promotion... does that continue into the fourth quarter or was that very third quarter weighted?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: No, the promotion does continue into the fourth quarter and it's on a... frankly, it's on both the domestic and international basis and we've seen very good international results against it as well.
Christina McGlone: Okay, thank you
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning, thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney: Jeff, when you look at the acquisition... the Burke acquisition you've just made, is this a kind of size and type of acquisition you are looking for and we should expect that you in the future or was it just something that go into your lab and what was the kind of the process on this?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, it's absolutely within our sweet spot or the platform that we like to see some growth in, but acquisitions have... some come quickly, some take a long time. What we thought was Bill Burke Jr. and his dad for 6 or 7 years prior to finally a decision by their family that this was the right time to make this move and to be able to grow with Hormel. But clearly in terms of the product category we like, in terms of the growth profile, in terms of the cultural fit, the price we paid we are in the 7 to 8 times EBITDA range that has been fairly typical for our deals and we are very comfortable at that level. So this is an excellent deal for us. And if you guys have more of these in your pocket, give me a call, but... we are always looking for this. But this one is definitely very much within our profile of what we were looking for.
Jonathan Feeney: I guess what I am getting at is you've seen a sort of dry up in the availability of liquidity for some of your financial sponsor, competitors for deal. I know historically it seems a lot like a deal that you've always done, financial sponsors we aimed over the past two or three years, I wonder is there a greater opportunity do you think to do larger deals. I mean you have got a lot of dry powder here to do larger deals and now that the financing environment will for some of your competitors?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I think there are two elements to your question. And I think the answer to both of them is a guarded yes. I think we would be willing... we would have I think good luck over the last few years with our acquisitions, and I think we would be prepared and have the confidence potentially to make a bigger deal. And then in terms of the relative competition from financial purchaser, yes, that may dwindle from that and that may make us a more leading player on certain properties going forward.
Jonathan Feeney: So, you really haven't seen like tangible evidence of that yet?
Jody H. Feragen: And I guess I would add that we keep the same discipline in place and that discipline made that easier to execute in the marketplace to complete transaction now that some of the fast monies on '08.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks. And just finally, I guess probably for Jody; is there anything... I know you are anticipating increases in supply. Is that just based on the government data for hog on that $49 hog price, because it looks like we are tracking about $54 here quarter-to-date and I know markets got killed recently, so is --
Jody H. Feragen: It's really kind of settled down. We have those two weeks where it got churned down and had and it's really settled down. And I'll tell you looking back in history that these large process numbers that we are seeing day after day, then I think the potential is there to have a lot more in the marketplace.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. Thanks so much.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thanks Jon.
Jody H. Feragen: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: I know it's a complicated name.
Jody H. Feragen: Scandinavian?
Eric Larson: Yes, particularly in Minnesota, right?
Jody H. Feragen: Yes.
Eric Larson: Good morning everyone. Just a couple of quick questions. Jody, I know you're not giving any guidance for '08, but is a reasonable way to look at your tax rate is to take maybe '06 and '07 and average them, you are giving your comments that they were sort of unusuals in both years. Is that a reasonable first half as to how we should look at an '08 tax rate?
Jody H. Feragen: No Eric, we have a new dimension that will be coming at us. For the first quarter of fiscal 2008, we'll be adopting FIN 48, which is another tax effect. And I would expect that we'll be slightly higher than where we've been this year.
Eric Larson: Okay, alright, that's right.
Jody H. Feragen: And that's truly mechanics of the accounting that goes with FIN 48.
Eric Larson: Okay, alright. And that's fair, I just... your tax rate have been a little more volatile, so that's why I sort of asked that question.
Jody H. Feragen: And we will continue to see that volatilities and new accounting pronouncement does not change that volatility element. And we are not alone in this; everybody is going to have it.
Eric Larson: Okay. Yes, that's what I am hearing from other companies as well. And then Jody, this is a very specific question. But in your cash flow statement, every quarter you're obviously taking cash away... the earnings from your JVs obviously is a negative, because you are not getting that cash. Is there a way for you... for Hormel to repatriate some cash out of your joint ventures, because somehow you're doing quite well, I assume that there is cash build upon those balance sheets. Do you get dividend paybacks for that or anything or how do you repatriate cash in your JVs?
Jody H. Feragen: For some of our JVs, we get dividend, repatriations and that's in the case with our Mexican joint venture. Our Purefoods joint ventures have been in an investment mode with the expansion and operations over in the Philippines and so we haven't seen dividend therefore over the last couple of years. But certainly as their results improve, we'll look at that. Many times we don't repatriate all the way back to the Untied States, because we like to have available funds overseas to invest in other opportunity.
Eric Larson: Sure. I mean that makes perfect sense.
Jody H. Feragen: Right.
Eric Larson: And then just maybe a final question for Jeff and I will turn it over. You've had extraordinary growth obviously in your Specialty Foods in your All Other category. One cannot expect that will sort of continue. When you look over the next several years, what might be sort of a normalized top line? I think that you said in Specialty that you believe that that can grow as 5% top line and 10% EBIT, sort of inline with your corporate goals. Is that what we should expect for Specialty as well going forward?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. That was the comment. I do think overtime our expectations for the Specialty division will be more comparable with the company averages. They've had a terrific couple of years here. They had a couple of franchises within the business that were as a few years ago, quite bit underperforming and so that certainly has added to their ability to register these kind of increases. But over the long haul, the company average is 5% top line and 10% bottom line would be a better expectation for that and the Other Group.
Eric Larson: Okay. I will ask one more question. The Burke acquisition, can you give us... it's $125 million of sales; can you give us a little flavor for where they might sell graphically, what you can do with that from maybe... its mainly foodservice, so an ACV, it really is irrelevant, because that is a grocery related, but if you look at ACV kind of related to the foodservice industry, what are you selling opportunities for Burke and are they significant?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. It is very difficult to come off with that kind of data. That's not reported, there are no scan or information obviously, but we know the pizza category in general is massive. We know that toppings are one of the major elements to go into pizza manufacturing. We know it's a very fragmented category; there is one larger player Tyson owns the entities of a large player and this will make us certainly if we are not number two or number three, for that we have to be right in there. It is a growing category, and there is a great fit between their approaches of the Hormel Foodservice Group and Burke. We are obviously a very full service, full line supplier at Hormel Foodservice with a lot of national distribution partners and so forth. Burke is really focused on the specialty pizzeria area, and has a sales force and a system that's aimed at really maximizing returns out of there. And so that will continue. There maybe some overlapping customers and where there is, our Group bode together to figure out the best approach to service that customer. But overall, we see lots of opportunities for growth, and we are going to turn both groups loose to go get that growth.
Eric Larson: Okay. Do they have any regional brand names in the grocery... in grocery retail?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: No, they are not in grocery at all.
Eric Larson: Okay. Good, thank you everybody.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thanks Eric.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Wood with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Oliver E. Wood: Great. Thanks a lot.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi Oliver.
Oliver E. Wood: Good morning. Just a follow on to the previous acquisition question; could you comment at all on your acquisition pipeline currently?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We... no, we really can't comment... don't comment on any specific deals, on where we are at with them other than to say when we've identified in the past, we understand we are a generator of significant positive cash flow that our shareholders don't expect us to just sit on that cash that we... and that we... if we can find out the news with good returns to grow our business, we will certainly continue to look for those, and we are always looking. And over time, if we were not able to do that, we would be more aggressive about other areas of returning cash to the shareholders.
Oliver E. Wood: Okay, fair enough. And then if you could also comment on the broader turkey industry on the fresh side, really around high trends currently. We've seen some pretty big exit numbers recently, just wondering what are your expectations are there from a broader market stand point.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. We've noticed that as well and we're not generating as I can tell you that, our numbers within our system are much more steady state in terms of what we need for our business. I guess our attitude of our managers of that Group right now is sort to wait and see as to whether this few week phenomena and so far with exit staying higher and sort of dropping off on a seasonal basis represents some kind of new level for the industry or whether it's more just okay. People made the different decision for a matter of few weeks. The industry has continued to be challenged by both livability and weight issues, and so to the extent those continue and as we said here today, they are a part of the existing reality. Those would also mitigate against higher egg numbers and just because the eggs that doesn't have plenty and that translates into breast meat into the market.
Oliver E. Wood: Any explanation on the livability and weights or have you anything there?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: There is a lot of theories, there are things we're working on, couple of which seem promising. But no, there is no universal thing I could really point you to is that now here is what's happened and here is the turnaround. But no, it's obviously something of keen interest to us and then the others who are big players in the segment.
Oliver E. Wood: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next comes from the line of Todd Duvick with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Todd Duvick: Yes, good morning
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi Todd.
Todd Duvick: I have just a couple of housekeeping questions and then kind of a larger picture question. With respect to Burke that did close at the end of the quarter or I guess after the close of the quarter and Jody, I think you indicated that you used your credit facility to finance that.
Jody H. Feragen: Yes, we did.
Todd Duvick: You also had $105 million of cash on the balance sheet; was that a combination of cash and debt that you used or just your credit facility?
Jody H. Feragen: Right. We've had some large payment that went out since the close of the quarter; we had a dividend payment and some tax payment. So we financed part of the acquisition. I fully expect that our cash flow will allow us to repay that in short order within the next six months for sure.
Todd Duvick: Okay. Well that was my next question; and I take this will be reported in the... in your Refrigerated Meat segment.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: That's correct.
Jody H. Feragen: Yes.
Todd Duvick: Okay. And then just kind of a bigger picture question; in the consumer product space in general over the last... actually several months, there have been a number of companies that have just kind of bite the board and said, we are going to take more aggressive financial policy, either do accelerated share repurchases or just setup large share repurchase programs over time, and many of them have levered up somewhat and taken the hit to their credit rating. Given that you are not a big commercial paper issuer, it seems to me that you know that's not a necessarily a deterrent to taking a more aggressive financial policy. Can you just kind of update us on your financial policy and if you would consider doing like a large share repurchase?
Jody H. Feragen: We've continued to look at opportunities to optimize our capital structure. I think if you see us do anything it will be more incremental rather than transformational, for that gives you an idea. We certainly did step up with share repurchase this past quarter. Unfortunately, we seem to hit most of those purchases at the beginning of the quarter, so we are reassessing what we would do for our plans in the fourth quarter. I certainly would like to take the opportunity to get to a more optimal capital structure. So we continue to take a look at that and hopefully more acquisitions will come our way and help us do that naturally.
Todd Duvick: Okay. Have you discussed at all a large negotiated share repurchase with the Hormel Foundation?
Jody H. Feragen: No.
Todd Duvick: Okay, alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edgar Roesch with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Edgar Roesch: Hi.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hi Ed.
Edgar Roesch: So just following up on these questions about China; I mean we've seen the most immediate impact in the hog futures, but I mean there is no reason to think that pork pricing wouldn't also rise if you start to see large demands from China, right?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. I mean overtime, there are certainly a strong relationship and if there is significant flow of supply out of the country there that would be our expectation as well.
Edgar Roesch: Right. So timing aside, I mean in the end, you only end up with the Grocery Products and that was I think what you indicated earlier.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. Grocery is the one that really doesn't have the obvious offset. I mean if there are tighter supplies in general within the refrigerated side, then we would expect our Refrigerated Group to price accordingly and to hold our margins, but when you're dealing with the consumer products and grocery, where as far I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we tend to only price every couple of years, then the squeeze becomes more... it happens much more quickly and it's harder to react to.
Edgar Roesch: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. And then I've seen that a competitor is come out with shelf stable entrees. I am just wondering if you've noticed any impact from that or is it a matter of that category having a nice tailwind and everyone can participate and not at each others expense at this point?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, we've seen some competitive entry and some people trying some items within certain sub segments of the category. We obviously feel our proposition is very strong and we are not looking to... we are not going to deceit any territory in the category, but it doesn't surprise that others are going after it. We are the ones that have created the growth in the category. We should have significant first mover advantage. We also have an excellent brand for this, I mean not only the new complete sub brand, but it just ride down the sweet spot of what Hormel stands for of convenient meals featuring protein, and we bring some expertise on the production side, so that our product line has both casserole type product and whole-muscle meat type products. And so I think all those advantages will continue to allow us to maintain the very strong share leadership position in that category.
Edgar Roesch: Great. And just one last small question, if you give us the latest indication of what the whole NATURAL line could represent in sales?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Our HORMEL NATURAL CHOICE line has been kind of 100... $50 million to $100 million range today is what we will be looking at on a annualized basis and what it could represent, I guess time will tell. And we are only a year and half into it. We just added some new pieces of that product line, just within the last few months on Bake and in the Deli category and chicken strips and so forth; thus far those are doing well. And so we think it's the right platform for the time and it was a good entry for us into those categories and we will see how big it can get.
Edgar Roesch: Okay. Thanks for your help.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pi Aquino with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Pi Aquino: Good morning
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning.
Pi Aquino: Just a quick question on turkey. I think you said feed costs were up $26 million year-over-year and about $5 million of that was not offset by higher pricing. Are you still taking pricing increases in turkey and do you expect your fiscal fourth quarter here to kind of by year-end I think you had thought that you would be able to catch up with the higher feed cost?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. That is correct. We are... there are still elements of our business, particularly in the Deli and Foodservice side, where you sometimes have contracts in place and the whole level of pricing activities are little slower, but those are gradually getting into place and that is our anticipation for the unit would be to bring it back to even by the end of year-end and give it hopefully a good platform for growth for next year.
Pi Aquino: Right. And just as a quick follow-up. Can you remind me I think normalized margins in the turkey business are like 9%? Are you thinking you can get there next year or is that really just something that you are sort of waiting to see what feed costs are doing going into next growing seasons?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, I really can't give you a next year number yet. You will see a number like that for Q4, but Q4 is traditionally a stronger margin quarter than Q3 as anyway. So that will be more the reason why that should be up. But we'll... you will have stay tuned I guess for the '08 outlook.
Pi Aquino: Got you. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line Tom Claugus [ph] with Graham Partners. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi. I am a relatively new shareowner. The pricing on grocery items, how often can you raise that? I know somebody discussed that and then can you give us some relative sense of exposure to the three commodity meats there? I am assuming you have more beef and chicken exposure than pork, although with SPAM I am not sure if that's the case. I was just curious as to if you could give me some kind of idea on the Grocery Product side the exposure to each commodity?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay.Well I take your second question first. There the commodity meet impact has certainly been more significant on beef and chicken for that division than it has pork. But it was... there was some element of negativity in pork as well although the overall pork numbers were above what we expected for the quarter. When you look at sub raw materials and the ones we use say, for bacon bits or for SPAM luncheon meat. Those did experience increases that we hadn't anticipated. So that's factored in as well. On the pricing side, I mean our typical pricing philosophy has indeed been on that side of the business that okay, you take kind of general inflationary pressures, your wage increases and packaging increases and so forth and you try to price for those every three to four years and just make sure you just kind of staying at some kind of equilibrium. What we have experienced this year was the input cost increases is not at a normal equilibrium situation and so that may well cause us to re-evaluate whether this is different that there is a new level of cost that we are going to have to be recovering for and if that means being a little more aggressive on pricing and taking it sooner rather than waiting that kind of timeframe.
Unidentified Analyst: And one follow-on. With the consumer apparently weakening according to retail for sure, are you seeing any signs of that in the Foodservice side since you guys have a large portion of Foodservice in both your pork and turkey?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: No. We had a... all we can... I guess tell you about in the Foodservice side is what our businesses look like. Again it's hard as I was mentioning to one of the earlier calls and that's an area it's much harder to get aggregate data. But we had excellent quarters for both Hormel Foodservice and Jennie-O Turkey Store foodservice, with both up double-digits again in terms of their dollar sales. So now we are not seeing that, but it certainly could be that we are bringing items to the marketplace that have better relevance to the operators than others who are bringing in and then we could be taking at other shares of the folks but it's very hard for us to determine that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic with J. P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Pablo E. Zuanic: Good morning everyone.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning Pablo.
Jody H. Feragen: Good morning.
Pablo E. Zuanic: Actually two questions and the first one a follow-up to his last question. Just trying to understand under more normalized circumstances, where is it easier to pass on higher pork prices, in Refrigerated Foods or in Grocery Products? I mean I would have expected more in Grocery but can you expand on that?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, in general the answer would be, it's in Refrigerated Foods and even within Refrigerated, you kind a have to look at the franchise in the couple of parts. There are items, big volume items in both frankly, in both retail and foodservice within refrigerated that have always moved with market, ham, bacon some of those key big categories. And so in those cases, pricing does move fairly fluidly with what's going on the cost side of the business. Now meat products within Refrigerated does have franchises that behave more like Grocery Products; pepperoni or refrigerated entrees or some of the party tray or those types of items. And so in those cases it's a little slower, that's a little more difficult to just move pricing based on what's going on in the market. On the Grocery side, really all the item that would pull pork raw materials are in that mode of where it's a slow process to work with the retailer on our price change. And they are looking these days to actually justify the reasoning for those changes and so that's the area where we would feel the greater impact, if we went up, it will be difficult to quickly.
Pablo E. Zuanic: Thank you. It's very useful. And just on the Refrigerated Foods, do you have any fresh pork business, any cattle business or it's all being used in value-added products? I mean if there is any in terms of fresh cut out just tell us little bit what's going on in that business?
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: No,we definitely have fresh pork business. It has different levels of value adding from our perspective where we came up with our patented process to create always tender pork about ten years ago and so a lot of our fresh pork sales go out under that area. That's our higher margin sales than just typical primal sales but it's not at the level of a further value added like our refrigerated entrees. Our trends are very solid in that area. It's really a more of a customer-by-customer relationship. You tend to have a pork program with somebody as opposed to one-of a two up items. And we have very good relationships with the customers who have been kind of long-term using our branded products as the key element of their grocery offering.
Pablo E. Zuanic: But are you sure the cut out I mean just working and looking at cut out business, that's so very negligible then. I mean that the most commodity type part of to a business.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, I mean if you are talking to just sort of--
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay.Yes we process hogs and therefore have primal available. That's a very insignificant part of our business.
Pablo E. Zuanic: Okay. That's good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Ettinger, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, I just want to thank everybody for joining us today and just would want to remind you that we are planning an investor day, here in Austin, Minnesota on October 9th. And if you haven't received the invitation or responded to an invitation, please call Fred Halvin at 507-437-5007. Thanks everyone for participating today.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, this does conclude the Hormel Foods third quarter earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
